Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 34 ITEM 7A: Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 53 ITEM 8: Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 55 ITEM 9: Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 102 ITEM 9A: Controls and Procedures 102 ITEM 9B: Other Information 102 ITEM 9C: Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 102 PART III ITEM 10: Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 103 ITEM 11: Executive Compensation 103 ITEM 12: Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 103 ITEM 13: Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 103 ITEM 14: Principal Accountant Fees and Services 103 PART IV ITEM 15: Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 104 ITEM 16 : Form 10-K Summary 108 Signatures 109 Intuit, TurboTax, Credit Karma, QuickBooks, and Mailchimp, among others, are registered trademarks and/or registered service marks of Intuit Inc., or one of its subsidiaries, in the United States and other countries. Other parties’ marks are the property of their respective owners. Intuit Fiscal 2024 Form 10-K 2 Tables of Contents Statements This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Please also see the section entitled “ Risk Factors” in Item 1A of Part I of this Annual Report for important information to consider when evaluating these statements. All statements in this report, other than statements that are purely historical, are statements. Words such as “will,” “expect,” “anticipate,” “intend,” “plan,” “believe,” “forecast,” “estimate,” “seek,” and similar expressions also identify statements. In this report, statements include, without limitation, the following: • our expectations and beliefs regarding future conduct and growth of the business; • statements regarding the impact of macroeconomic conditions on our business; • our beliefs and expectations regarding seasonality, competition, and other trends that affect our business; • our expectation that we will continue to invest significant resources in our product development, marketing and sales capabilities, including products and services incorporating artificial intelligence; • our expectation that we will continue to invest significant management attention and resources in our information technology infrastructure and in our privacy and security capabilities; • our expectation that we will work with the broader industry and government to protect our customers from fraud; • our expectation that we will generate significant cash from operations; • our expectation that total service revenue as a percentage of our total revenue will grow over the long term; • our expectations regarding the development of future products, services, business models and technology platforms and our research and development efforts; • our assumptions underlying our critical accounting policies and estimates, including our judgments and estimates regarding revenue recognition; the fair value of goodwill; and expected future amortization of acquired intangible assets; • our intention not to sell our investments and our belief that it is more likely than not that we will not be required to sell them before recovery at par; • our belief that the investments we hold are not impaired; • our belief that we take prudent measures to mitigate risks; • our belief that our exposure to currency exchange fluctuation risk will not be significant in the future; • our assessments and estimates that determine our effective tax rate; • our belief that our income tax valuation allowance is sufficient; • our belief that it is not reasonably possible that there will be a significant increase or decrease in our unrecognized tax benefits over the next 12 months; • our belief that our cash and cash equivalents, investments and cash generated from operations will be sufficient to meet our seasonal working capital needs, capital expenditure requirements, contractual obligations, commitments, debt service requirements, and other liquidity requirements associated with our operations for at least the next 12 months; • our expectation that we will return excess cash generated by operations to our stockholders through repurchases of our common stock and the payment of cash dividends, after taking into account our operating and strategic cash needs; • our judgments and assumptions relating to our loan portfolio; • our belief that the credit facilities will be available to us should we choose to borrow under them; • our expectations regarding acquisitions and their impact on business and strategic priorities; • our expectations regarding the timing and costs associated with our plan of reorganization; and • our assessments and beliefs regarding the future developments and outcomes of pending legal proceedings and inquiries by regulatory authorities, the liability, if any, that Intuit may incur as a result of those proceedings and inquiries, and the impact of any potential losses or expenses associated with such proceedings or inquiries on our financial statements. We caution investors that statements are only predictions based on our current expectations about future events and are not guarantees of future performance. Actual outcomes and results may differ materially from what is expressed or forecast in these statements. Risks, uncertainties and other factors that might cause such differences, some of which could be material, include but are not limited to those discussed in the section entitled “ Risk Factors” in Item 1A of Part I of Annual Report. We encourage you to read carefully all information provided in this report and in our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission before deciding to invest in our stock or to maintain or change your investment. These statements are based on information as of the filing date of this Annual Report and, except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to revise or update any statement for any reason. Intuit Fiscal 2024 Form 10-K 3 Tables of Contents PART I ITEM 1 - BUSINESS BACKGROUND Overview and Mission Intuit is a global financial technology platform with a mission to power prosperity around the world. Our platform helps consumers and small and businesses prosper by delivering financial management, compliance, and marketing products and services. We also provide specialized tax products to accounting professionals, who are key partners that help us serve small and business customers. Across our platform, we use the power of data and artificial intelligence (AI) to deliver three core benefits to our customers: helping put more money in their pockets, saving them time by eliminating work, and ensuring that they have complete confidence in every financial decision they make. We help consumers do their taxes with ease and confidence, understand their financial picture, build credit, save more to make ends meet, get their largest tax refund, pay off debt, and receive personalized suggestions on how to grow their money. We help small and businesses grow and run their business all in one place, including bookkeeping, getting paid, accessing capital, paying employees, getting and retaining customers, and managing their customer relationships. We do this through our global expert platform and our offerings including TurboTax, Credit Karma, QuickBooks, and Mailchimp. We serve approximately 100 million customers and generated revenue of $16.3 billion in our fiscal year ended July 31, 2024. Intuit Inc. was incorporated in California in March 1984. We reincorporated in Delaware and completed our initial public offering in March 1993. Our principal executive offices are located at 2700 Coast Avenue, Mountain View, California, 94043, and our main telephone number is 650-944-6000. When we refer to “we,” “our,” or “Intuit” in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we mean the current Delaware corporation (Intuit Inc.) and its California predecessor, as well as all of our consolidated subsidiaries. Our Business Portfolio We organize our businesses into four reportable segments: Small Business & : This segment serves small and businesses around the world, and the accounting professionals who assist and advise them. Our QuickBooks offerings include financial and business management online services and desktop software, payroll solutions, time tracking, merchant payment processing and bill pay solutions, checking accounts through an FDIC member bank partner, and financing for small businesses. Our Mailchimp offerings include marketing automation and customer relationship management. Consumer : This segment serves consumers and includes and assisted TurboTax income tax preparation products and services sold in the U.S. and Canada. Credit Karma : This segment serves consumers with a personal finance platform that provides personalized recommendations of credit card, home, auto, and personal loan, and insurance products; online savings and checking accounts through an FDIC member bank partner; and access to their credit scores and reports, credit and identity monitoring, credit report dispute, credit building tools, and tools to help understand net worth and make financial progress. ProTax : This segment serves professional accountants in the U.S. and Canada, who are essential to both small business success and tax preparation and filing. Our professional tax offerings include Lacerte, ProSeries, and ProConnect Tax Online in the U.S., and ProFile and ProTax Online in Canada. Our Business and Growth Strategy The era of AI is one of the most significant technological shifts in decades, igniting global innovations at incredible pace. Intuit made an early bet on AI, declaring its expert platform strategy in 2019 to deliver on its mission of powering prosperity for consumers and small and businesses. Our strategy, combined with our five Big Bets that focus on the largest customer problems and growth opportunities, positions us for durable growth in the future. Our scale of data, our investment in AI capabilities such as knowledge engineering, machine learning, and generative AI (GenAI), and our network of virtual experts give us significant advantage as we deliver reimagined customer experiences. With the introduction of GenAI, we are transforming how we strive to serve our customers by delivering “done for you” experiences, where we do the hard work for them, and connecting them with human expertise to fuel their Intuit Fiscal 2024 Form 10-K 4 Tables of Contents success. We use powerful and relevant contextual data sets spanning small business, consumer finance, and tax to deliver personalized financial insights to customers across our platform. Additionally, our investment in AI, GenAI, data, and developer tools in particular, provides a foundation for us to accelerate productivity, innovate at scale, and move with speed to deliver benefits to our customers. This includes utilizing our own financial large language models (LLMs), as well as models from other leaders in GenAI, which together unlock new opportunities to serve our customers with accuracy and speed in a way. As we execute our global expert platform strategy, we prioritize resources on our five Big Bets across the company. These priorities focus on solving the problems that matter most to customers and include: • Revolutionizing speed to benefit : When customers use our products and services, we use the power of AI to deliver value instantly and aim to make interactions with our offerings frictionless, without the need for customers to manually enter data. We are accelerating the application of AI to deliver “done for you” experiences to our customers. This is foundational, and execution against this priority positions us to succeed with our other four Big Bets. • Connecting people to experts : The largest problem our customers face is lack of confidence to file their own taxes or to manage their books. To build their confidence, we connect our customers to experts. We offer customers access to experts to help them make important decisions – and experts, such as accountants, gain access to new customers so they can grow their businesses. We are also expanding our virtual expert network and broadening the segments we serve beyond tax and accounting to play a more meaningful role in our customers’ financial lives. • Unlocking smart money decisions : To address the challenges of debt and lack of savings, we are creating a comprehensive, financial platform with Credit Karma that propels our members forward wherever they are on their financial journey, so they can understand their financial picture, make smart financial decisions, and stick to their financial plan in the near term and long term. • Be the center of small business growth : Globally, we are focused on helping customers grow their businesses by offering a broad, seamless set of tools that are designed to help them get and retain customers, get paid faster, manage and get access to capital, pay employees with confidence, and use apps to help run their businesses. Our money solutions enable customers to manage their money and improve cash flow. This is an important driver to improving the success of our small and business customers. • Disrupt the small business : We aim to disrupt the with a , integrated ecosystem, which includes our QuickBooks offerings, as well as our workforce solutions and money offerings. These solutions are designed to address the needs of business customers with 10 to 100 employees. Mailchimp’s marketing offerings enable businesses to digitally promote their business across email, social media, landing pages, ads, websites, and more, all from one place. These offerings enable us to increase retention of these larger customers and accelerate demand. We believe our Big Bets enable us to deliver a QuickBooks and Mailchimp platform that serves as the source of truth for small and business customers, providing solutions to increase their revenue and profitability, fueling their business success. For consumers, we are creating seamless, experiences that customers benefit from with TurboTax and Credit Karma, helping them make ends meet, maximize their tax refund, save more, pay off debt, and take steps to improve their financial health. As the external environment evolves, we continue to innovate and adapt our strategy and anticipate our customers’ needs. For more than 40 years, we have been dedicated to developing innovative solutions that are designed to solve our customers' most important financial problems. At Intuit, we believe that everyone should have the opportunity to prosper, and we never stop working to find new, innovative ways to make that possible. Intuit Fiscal 2024 Form 10-K 5 Tables of Contents PRODUCTS AND SERVICES During fiscal 2024, we offered our products and services in the four segments described in “Our Business Portfolio” above. The following table shows the percentage of total revenue contributed by each of these segments over the last three fiscal years. Fiscal 2024 Fiscal 2023 Fiscal 2022 Small Business & 59 % 56 % 51 % Consumer 27 % 29 % 31 % Credit Karma 10 % 11 % 14 % ProTax 4 % 4 % 4 % Total international net revenue was approximately 8% of consolidated total net revenue in each of the twelve months ended July 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022. For financial information about our reportable segments, see “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” in Item 7 and Note 15 to the consolidated financial statements in Item 8 of this Annual Report. Small Business & Our Small Business & segment serves small and businesses around the world, and the accounting professionals who assist and advise them. Our goal is for QuickBooks to be the source of truth for each small and business customer who uses our expert platform. Small and business owners are constantly faced with challenges and barriers in their journey to success. Universally, small businesses at every stage of growth struggle to get customers, get paid, get capital, pay workers, get access to advice, and stay compliant and organized. Our innovative customer growth platform provides actionable, insights our customers need to grow and run their businesses with confidence. Get Customers Mailchimp . Mailchimp is an marketing platform for growing businesses. Mailchimp’s marketing platform enables small and businesses to digitally promote their businesses across email, social media, short message service (SMS), landing pages, ads, websites, and more, all from one place. Get Paid Payment Processing Solutions . Our full range of merchant services for small and businesses includes credit card, debit card, Apple Pay, and ACH payment services for and payments. We offer instant deposit and payments dispute protection options for eligible customers. QuickBooks Payments is deeply integrated into our QuickBooks Online and Desktop offerings through seamless onboarding and automated transaction reconciliation and is the default payment solution for QuickBooks invoicing. QuickBooks Checking . The QuickBooks Checking business bank account comes with a physical and virtual debit card for more spending power, fast payments with Instant Deposit, and powerful cash flow management with envelopes for partitioning funds for future expenses, all with no fees. Bill Pay . Our QuickBooks Online offerings allow small and businesses to organize bills and make payments online. Small and businesses can connect with vendors and automatically import bills through our network, resulting in easier and faster payments. Get Capital Capital . We offer financing options for small and businesses to help them get the capital they need to succeed. The financing process provides customers with the ability to use their QuickBooks data to qualify to borrow capital, whether directly from Intuit via term loans or from a partner. Additionally, QuickBooks Line of Credit provides flexible access to capital through credit limits. Qualified small and businesses can choose to borrow funds through a series of term loans within a maximum approved credit limit. Pay Workers Workforce Solutions . Our payroll solutions, available as online or desktop solutions, are sold on a subscription basis and integrate with our QuickBooks Online and Desktop offerings or may be purchased standalone. Our QuickBooks Online payroll offerings include automated tax payments and filings, as well as access to human resources solutions and employee benefits Intuit Fiscal 2024 Form 10-K 6 Tables of Contents offerings like health insurance and 401(k) plans. We also offer QuickBooks Time, which seamlessly integrates with QuickBooks Payroll and payroll products to help businesses easily and accurately track time across a mobile workforce, including tools for project planning, job costing, and tracking billable hours. Access Advice QuickBooks Live . Small businesses can get support through two QuickBooks Live bookkeeping services: Assisted and Bookkeeping. With QuickBooks Live Expert Assisted, small businesses have access to expert bookkeepers who can provide guidance and support on managing their books and making smart business decisions. With QuickBooks Live Bookkeeping, small businesses get support from our team of expert bookkeepers to manage and maintain books with guaranteed accuracy. Our experienced bookkeepers are certified QuickBooks ProAdvisors, and many are Certified Public Accountants. QuickBooks ProAdvisor . Accounting professionals can assist with bookkeeping, taxes, payroll, and more. Our free Find a ProAdvisor service helps customers find a QuickBooks Certified accountant or bookkeeper who knows their niche, speaks their language, or is close by. To enable our network of hundreds of thousands of accountants, we offer memberships to the QuickBooks ProAdvisor program, which provides accountants access to QuickBooks Online Accountant, technical support, training, product certification, marketing tools, and discounts on Intuit products and services purchased on behalf of clients. Stay Compliant & Organized QuickBooks Online . Designed for all kinds of small businesses, QuickBooks Online helps simplify accounting and tax compliance. Users can track income and expenses, create and send invoices and estimates, manage and pay bills, and review a variety of financial reports. QuickBooks Online also has powerful capabilities such as features for businesses. QuickBooks Online is an open platform, enabling developers to create online and mobile applications that integrate with our offering. We offer different QuickBooks Online solutions depending on the size and complexity of the small business, including Simple Start, Essentials, and Plus. Additionally, we offer QuickBooks Online Advanced designed for businesses with 10 to 100 employees that have more complex needs, and QuickBooks and QuickBooks Solopreneur designed for independent contractors and solo entrepreneurs. QuickBooks Desktop Software . Our QuickBooks financial management solutions are also available as desktop versions for small businesses on a subscription basis. QuickBooks Enterprise, designed for businesses with 10 to 100 employees, is available for download and can also be provided as a hosted solution. This offering provides reports and features for a range of industries, including Contractor, Manufacturing and Wholesale, Nonprofit, and Retail. Financial Supplies . We offer a range of financial supplies designed for individuals and small businesses that use our QuickBooks offerings. These include standard paper checks and Secure Plus checks with CheckLock fraud protection features, a variety of stationery, tax forms, and related supplies. Consumer Our Consumer segment includes our TurboTax products and services that are designed to enable consumers and small businesses to prepare and file their federal and state income tax returns quickly and accurately. These offerings are available either online or as desktop versions in the U.S. and Canada. They are designed to be easy to use, yet sophisticated enough for complex tax returns. For the 2023 tax season, we offered a variety of commercial software products and tax filing services to meet the different needs of our customers, including those who file simple returns, those who itemize deductions, those who own investments or rental property, and small business owners. We offered TurboTax for small businesses, which enables customers to file their business taxes. We offer TurboTax Live for customers seeking to obtain tax advice from professionals and TurboTax Live Full Service for customers seeking to have their tax returns prepared for them. Customers can electronically file their federal and state income tax returns through our electronic filing service. Other services offered include audit defense and audit support. Our online tax preparation, filing, and other services were offered through the websites and mobile apps of thousands of financial institutions, electronic retailers, and other online merchants. Financial institutions can offer our online tax preparation and filing services to their customers through a link to TurboTax Online. Credit Karma Our Credit Karma segment provides consumers with a financial platform that propels them forward wherever they are on their financial journey, enabling them to understand their financial picture, make smart financial decisions, and stick to their financial plan. The platform offers a number of services to our members, many at no charge: access to their credit scores and reports, credit and identity monitoring, credit report dispute, tools to help understand net worth and make financial progress, and personalized recommendations of credit card, loan, and insurance products. Credit Karma Money offers members online savings and checking accounts through an FDIC member bank partner. Credit Karma Money also provides tools to help members improve their credit scores. To provide services to our members, Credit Karma works with a variety of partners, including credit bureaus, banks, credit card issuers, insurance carriers, and other financial institutions and lending partners. Intuit Fiscal 2024 Form 10-K 7 Tables of Contents Additionally, Credit Karma leverages Lightbox, a enterprise platform which allows lenders to leverage thousands of data points from Credit Karma members to help provide our members with greater certainty that they will be approved if they apply for a financial product. ProTax Our ProTax segment includes our professional tax offerings and serves professional accountants in the U.S. and Canada, who are essential to both small business success and tax preparation and filing. Our professional tax offerings consist of Lacerte, ProSeries, and ProConnect Tax Online in the U.S., and ProFile and ProTax Online in Canada. These offerings enable accountants to accurately and efficiently complete and electronically file a full range of consumer, small business, and commercial federal and state tax returns. Lacerte is designed for , accounting firms who handle more complex returns. ProSeries is designed for tax practices handling moderately complex tax returns. ProConnect Tax Online is our solution, which is designed for , practices who prepare all forms of consumer and small business returns and integrates with our QuickBooks Online offerings. ProFile is our Canadian desktop tax offering, which serves accounting firms for both consumer and business tax returns. ProTax Online is our Canadian tax solution, which is designed for , practices who prepare all forms of consumer and business tax returns, and is integrated into QuickBooks Online Accountant to provide seamless integration of data across books and tax through our Workpapers solution. Our Tax Advisor offering leverages AI and information generated from our ProConnect Tax Online and Lacerte offerings to enable tax planning services and communicate tax savings strategies to clients. We also offer a variety of services that complement the tax return preparation process, including document storage, collaboration services, e-signature, and bank products, and additional capabilities such as fixed asset management, desktop hosting, and solutions for practice management for some of our U.S. tax offerings. PRODUCT DEVELOPMENT The markets for software and related services are characterized by rapid technological change, shifting customer needs, and frequent new product introductions and enhancements. Continuous investment is required to innovate and develop new products and services, as well as enhance existing offerings to be successful in these markets. Our product development efforts are more important than ever as we pursue our growth strategy. We develop many of our products and services internally, and we have a number of United States and foreign patents and pending applications that relate to various aspects of our products and technology. We also supplement our internal development efforts by acquiring or licensing products and technology from third parties, and establishing other relationships that enable us to enhance or expand our offerings more rapidly. We expect to expand our technology relationships as we continue to pursue our growth strategy. Our online offerings have rapid development cycles, while our traditional desktop software products tend to have predictable development cycles and regular product release cycles. In addition, developing consumer and professional tax software and services presents unique challenges because of the demanding development cycle required to accurately incorporate federal and state tax law and tax form changes within a rigid timetable. The development timing for our small business payroll and merchant payment processing services offerings varies with business needs and regulatory requirements, and the length of the development cycle depends on the scope and complexity of each project. We continue to make substantial investments in research and development, and we expect to focus our future research and development efforts on enhancing existing products and services with financial recommendations, personalization, and ease of use enabled by AI and other advanced technologies. We continue to focus on developing new products and services, including global offerings, and significant research and development efforts for ongoing projects to update the technology platforms for several of our offerings. SEASONALITY Our Consumer and ProTax offerings have a significant and distinct seasonal pattern as sales and revenue from our income tax preparation products and services are typically heavily concentrated in the period from November through April. This seasonal pattern typically results in higher net revenues during our second and third quarters ending January 31 and April 30, respectively. We expect the seasonality of our Consumer and ProTax businesses to continue to have a material impact on our quarterly financial results in the future. Intuit Fiscal 2024 Form 10-K 8 Tables of Contents MARKETING, SALES, AND DISTRIBUTION CHANNELS Markets Our primary customers are consumers and small and businesses. We also provide specialized tax and accounting products to professional accountants, who are key partners to help us reach small and business customers. We partner with financial institutions and other partners, who we connect with consumers on our platform. The markets in which we compete have always been characterized by rapid technological change, shifting customer needs, and frequent new product introductions and enhancements by competitors. The widespread usage of mobile devices and social media, and the evolution of AI, have accelerated the pace of change and revolutionized the way that customers learn about, evaluate, and purchase products and services. , personalized online shopping experiences are the standard. In addition, many customers now begin shopping in one channel and ultimately purchase in another. This has created a need for integrated, , experiences. Market and industry changes quickly make existing products and services obsolete. Our success depends on our ability to respond rapidly to these changes with new business models, updated competitive strategies, new or enhanced products and services, and other changes in the way we do business. Marketing Programs We use a variety of marketing programs to generate direct sales, develop leads, increase general awareness of the Intuit brand and our product portfolio, and drive sales in retail. These programs include offline marketing such as TV and radio advertising; digital marketing such as display and advertising, search engine optimization, and social and affiliate marketing; email marketing; marketing to drive awareness of related products and services; public relations; sponsorships; podcast marketing; mobile marketing; and retail marketing. Our campaigns are designed to attract new users, retain existing users, and additional offerings. Sales and Distribution Channels Direct Sales Channel . We offer our products and services directly through our websites, apps, and call centers. Direct online sales are an effective channel for customers who can make purchase decisions based on content provided on our websites, or via other online content and recommendations. For many of our products, assisted sales continues to be an effective channel for serving customers who want live help to select the products and services that are right for their needs. We also have a direct sales force that calls on accountants, bookkeepers, and marketing professionals, and seeks to increase their awareness, usage, and recommendation of our small business and professional tax solutions. For businesses, we have implemented and expanded our omnichannel strategy by diversifying and growing our direct sales teams. Experiences . Our customers primarily research products and services online. Many customers buy and use our products and services entirely online. Some research online but make their purchase at a retail location. Because many customers shop across multiple channels, we continue to coordinate our online, offline, and retail presence and promotions to support an integrated, model. We also focus on complementary Intuit and offerings online and . Mobile Application Stores . We distribute many of our offerings for mobile devices through proprietary online stores that provide applications for specific devices. Partner and Other Channels . We offer many of our products and services through partners and other channels, including resellers, technology partners with complimentary platforms, accountants, bookkeepers, and marketing professionals, and professional service providers who help us reach new customers at the point of need and drive growth and market share by extending our online reach. These partners combine our products and services with marketing, sales, and technical expertise to deliver a complete solution at the local level. We also sell our QuickBooks Online and TurboTax Desktop offerings at retail locations across the United States and Canada and on retailer websites. Additionally, we sell our QuickBooks Enterprise software on retailer websites. In Canada, we also rely on distributors who sell products into the retail channel. COMPETITION We face intense competition in all of our businesses in all aspects across all markets for our products and services, which are rapidly evolving, fragmented, and have complex interdependencies with many businesses. Competitive pressures in many of the markets we serve have grown markedly over the past few years, and the marketing and distribution channels continue to evolve. We expect these trends to continue. Our competitors may introduce superior products and services, successfully use and deploy new technologies such as AI that may reduce customer demand for our products or services, reduce prices, have greater technical, marketing, and other resources, have greater brand recognition, have larger installed bases of customers, have relationships with our current and potential customers, advertise aggressively, or beat us to market with new products and services. Intuit Fiscal 2024 Form 10-K 9 Tables of Contents The competitive landscape is also constantly evolving as we expand into new market segments and extend our capabilities, new companies emerge, and existing companies expand their capabilities (either directly or through acquisitions or partnerships) to include the markets in which we operate. Given the breadth of the products and services that we offer as a global financial technology company and the customer problems that we aim to solve, we compete with offerings from a variety of organizations across a range of industries, including large global companies, smaller geographically focused companies, startups, and professional services. Organizations that offer or provide access to offerings that we may compete with include: • business software providers, such as those that provide accounting, business management and financial software, marketing automation, customer relationship management, inventory management, payroll and employee management; • private and tax preparation and filing service providers; • accounting, consulting, and tax firms; • companies and banks that provide payments services, including merchant payment processing, checking, bill pay, savings, loans, point of sale devices, and small business financing; • companies that provide personal finance management products and tools, including access to credit scores, credit and identity monitoring, tools, and tools to help understand net worth and make financial progress; • companies that provide a marketplace of consumer financial offerings; • financial institutions; • credit bureaus; and • large platform companies that could develop competing technology solutions to any of the problems that our customers may face. We believe our most important competitive factors are our innovation and technology capabilities, functionality, ease of use, and security of our offerings, the integration of our offerings with each other and offerings, brand recognition and reputation, quality of support, and cost. We believe that we compete favorably based on these factors and our ability to remain competitive will largely depend on our ongoing performance. CUSTOMER SUCCESS For many of our offerings, we provide support through channels including telephone, email, online and video chat, text messaging, our customer support websites, assets embedded in our products, and online communities where consumers can share knowledge and product advice with each other. We also provide access to experts, through our TurboTax and QuickBooks Live offerings, who provide tax advice, tax preparation, and bookkeeping services. Our customer success staff predominantly consists of and outsourced experts. We supplement with seasonal employees and additional outsourcing during periods of peak call volumes, such as during the tax return filing season or following a major product launch. We augment the services we provide with outsourced partnerships domestically and internationally. Most of our internationally outsourced small business customer success personnel are currently located in the Philippines and Portugal. We also source staff through our Prosperity Hub program, which is designed to spark economic prosperity in underserved communities. One part of this program is our socially responsible sourcing model, where we both directly and through customer success , hire, train, and retain workers who deliver support and services for our customers. information is offered for free and on our support websites for many of our offerings. Support alternatives and fees vary by product. For example, some product subscriptions receive 24x7 support and additional contact channel options. MANUFACTURING AND DISTRIBUTION Online Products and Services Our online offerings include QuickBooks Online, online payroll services, merchant payment processing and bill pay services, Mailchimp’s marketing automation and customer relationship management offerings, TurboTax Online, ProConnect Tax Online, consumer and professional electronic tax filing services, and Credit Karma offerings. We use public cloud providers, such as Amazon Web Services and Google Cloud Platform for most of our systems, networks, and databases used to operate these online offerings. Desktop Software and Supplies An increasing proportion of our desktop software customers choose to electronically download software, however, a portion of our customers continue to choose to purchase these products in the form of physical media. The key processes in manufacturing desktop software are manufacturing compact discs (CDs), printing boxes and related materials, and assembling and shipping the final products. When physical product is ordered, we typically ship the physical product within a few days of receiving an order, and backlog is minimal. Intuit Fiscal 2024 Form 10-K 10 Tables of Contents PRIVACY AND SECURITY OF CUSTOMER AND WORKFORCE INFORMATION AND TRANSACTIONS We are stewards of our customers’ data and have designed data stewardship principles to align our organization in collecting, using, and protecting such information. As we believe strongly in being good stewards of our customers’ data, we operate our program to comply with laws and regulations that govern our use, sharing, and protection of customers’ personal information, including, for example, laws with respect to financial services and the handling of tax data. We have established guidelines and practices to help ensure that customers and members of our workforce are aware of, and can control, how we use information about them. We also use privacy statements to provide notice to customers of our privacy practices, as well as provide them with the opportunity to furnish instructions with respect to use of their personal information. We participate in industry groups whose purpose is to develop or shape industry best practices, and to inform public policy for privacy and security. We use security safeguards to help protect the systems and the information that customers and members of our workforce give to us from loss, misuse, and unauthorized alteration. We use technical, logical, and procedural measures, which are designed to help detect and prevent fraud and misuse of customer information. Whenever customers transmit sensitive information to us, such as credit card information or tax return data through one of our websites or products, we follow current industry standards to encrypt the data as it is transmitted to us, and when we store it at rest. We routinely patch our systems with security updates and we work to protect our systems from unauthorized internal or external access using numerous commercially available computer security products, as well as internally developed security procedures and practices. GOVERNMENT REGULATION We are subject to federal, state, local, and international laws and regulations that affect how we operate. For example, our Consumer and ProTax segments are subject to federal, state, and international government requirements, including regulations related to the electronic filing of tax returns, the provision of tax preparer assistance, and the use and disclosure of customer information. Our Small Business & segment offers products and services to small and businesses and consumers, such as payroll, payments, and other financial service offerings, which are also subject to certain regulatory requirements. Our Credit Karma segment offers personal finance products and services to consumers, such as recommendations of credit card, loan, and insurance products and access to credit scores and reports, which are also subject to certain regulatory requirements. For additional information regarding the government regulations to which we are subject, see “Risk Factors” in Item 1A of Part I of this Annual Report, including without limitation the risks under “ Legal and Compliance Risks .” INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY Our success depends on the proprietary technology embodied in our offerings. We protect this proprietary technology by relying on a variety of intellectual property mechanisms, including copyright, patent, trade secret, and trademark laws, restrictions on disclosure and other methods. For example, we regularly file applications for patents, copyrights, and trademarks and service marks in order to protect intellectual property that we believe is important to our business. We hold a growing patent portfolio that we believe is important to Intuit’s overall competitive advantage, although we are not materially dependent on any one patent or particular group of patents in our portfolio at this time. We also have a number of registered trademarks that include Intuit, QuickBooks, Lacerte, TurboTax, QB, ProSeries, ProConnect, Credit Karma, and Mailchimp. We have registered these and other trademarks and service marks in the United States and, depending on the relevance of each brand to other markets, in many foreign countries. Most registrations can be renewed perpetually at 10-year intervals. We also license intellectual property from third parties for use in our products. Although our portfolio of patents is growing, the patents that have been issued to us could be determined to be invalid and may not be enforceable against competitive products in every jurisdiction. In addition, third parties have asserted and may, in the future, assert infringement claims against us and our customers. These claims and any litigation may result in invalidation of our proprietary rights or a finding of infringement along with an assessment of damages. Litigation, even if without merit, could result in substantial costs and diversion of resources and management attention. In addition, licenses may not continue to be available to us on commercially acceptable terms, or at all. HUMAN CAPITAL We consider our employees one of our four True North key stakeholders because they help us deliver for our customers, our shareholders, and the communities we serve. As of July 31, 2024, we had approximately 18,800 employees in 8 countries. See Note 16 to the consolidated financial statements in Item 8 of this Annual Report for more information about the restructuring plan announced in July 2024. During fiscal 2024, we employed on average approximately 10,800 seasonal employees from January to April primarily to support our Consumer segment customers during the peak of tax season. We believe our future success and growth will depend on our ability to attract and retain a qualified workforce in all areas of our business. Intuit’s overall workforce development strategies are developed and managed by our Chief People & Places Officer, who reports directly to the Chief Executive Officer. The Compensation and Organizational Development Committee of the Board of Directors has oversight with respect to organization and talent assessment, employee recruitment, Intuit Fiscal 2024 Form 10-K 11 Tables of Contents engagement and retention, leadership development, management depth and strength assessment, workplace environment and culture, employee health and safety, and pay equity. Culture and Values In order to deliver on our mission to power prosperity around the world, we are guided by our company values as we strive to create a culture where employees can do the best work of their lives. Our values and culture are woven into our hiring and retention practices and are foundational to our ability to attract, retain, and advance top diverse talent. • Our value of Integrity Without Compromise means valuing trust above all else, speaking the truth, and doing the right thing even when no one is looking. • Our value of Courage means being bold and fearless in how we think and act, holding a high bar for performance, and valuing speed, with a bias for learning and action. • Our value of Customer Obsession means falling in love with our customers’ problems and delivering solutions that delight our customers. • Our value of Stronger Together means championing diversity, inclusion, and a respectful environment, thriving on diverse voices to challenge and inform decisions and delivering exceptional work so others can count on us. • Our value of We Care and Give Back means we strive to be stewards of the future, strengthen the communities around us, and give everyone the opportunity to prosper. We provide eligible employees paid time off that can be used to do volunteer work during normal work hours for vetted and donation matching up to an annual limit. Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion At the foundation of our culture is a commitment to diversity, equity, and inclusion (DEI). We believe that diversity is a fact, but treating people equitably and inclusively is a choice we make. To deliver for our customers, we seek to foster a workforce that is as diverse as the communities we serve. We are committed to creating a culture that reflects our values and helps achieve our mission of powering prosperity around the world. Our Chief Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion Officer (CDEIO) leads a dedicated and specialized team in our DEI efforts. Our Compensation and Organizational Development Committee oversees Intuit’s DEI initiatives in support of organizational development. Intuit’s strategy is operationalized through the following elements: • Goals and transparency : We have set goals that focus on our vision of a workforce that reflects the diversity of our customers. These goals are aspirational and we do not set quotas or make employment decisions based on any legally protected characteristics. Our Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion Report (DEI Report) can be found at www.intuit.com/company/diversity/ and discloses our goals, progress on our goals, and certain diversity statistics of our workforce. The contents of the DEI Report are not incorporated by reference in this Annual Report on Form 10-K or in any other report or document we file with the SEC. • Recruiting : Intuit has established practices to drive diversity, equity, and inclusion across our hiring practices, programs, and strategies. We have also invested in external partnerships to better engage with diverse talent and communities. • Equity learning and development : Senior leaders are offered DEI workshops, including training on racial equity. We have manager and employee training and resources on topics such as unconscious bias, racial equity, and leading inclusively and a guide for managers on encouraging inclusive conversations. • Equitable talent practices : We are committed to equitable talent practices that include those designed to ensure equitable pay. We continuously examine our performance evaluation practices, including promoting awareness of bias by managers and improving practices to ensure equal opportunity for employees to be promoted. • Employee Resource Groups (ERGs) : Intuit has established employee resource groups (ERGs) that provide a foundation for a workplace culture that is supportive, educational, and collaborative. Intuit ERGs offer a sense of community and give employees the chance to learn from role models, peers, and experts, all while aligning with our organization’s overall vision. They also actively volunteer in their communities, which is an important part of their charters. Developing Talent and Training We are committed to creating a culture that consistently delivers for our customers, shareholders, and communities while providing an experience for our workforce that values leadership, innovation, and collaboration. We promote the development of all of our employees and provide employees with access to learning plans based on their needs and interests and the resources they need to grow, thrive, and reinvent themselves over time. We offer learning programs throughout the employee lifecycle, beginning with onboarding and the first year at Intuit, and continuing with ongoing career growth programs. Intuit Fiscal 2024 Form 10-K 12 Tables of Contents We are also invested in growing the capabilities of our managers and developing the leadership skills of our executives. Our teams design programs and resources, such as the Intuit Leadership Playbook, focused on leading with a clear vision, building a culture, and driving winning results for all of our stakeholders. All employees have access to opportunities to develop and learn through learning paths and online courses on topics ranging from artificial intelligence to accelerating velocity in support of an employee’s ability to adapt to any work environment. We also offer multiple mentorship programs that match employees with a mentor who can support their career development. Employees set goals and measure progress through our goal setting tool and have opportunities to focus on growth both during performance assessment conversations and ongoing regular . Employee Listening and Engagement Listening and responding to our employees is at the core of our work. We value employee feedback and we leverage it to continuously improve the employee experience. We regularly collect, analyze, measure, and share insights about the sentiment of our workforce through multiple channels, including surveys, town halls with senior leadership, and other touchpoints, which helps to guide the work we do to support our employees. Total Rewards Our compensation philosophy aims to attract and retain top talent for today and the future. Intuit’s total target compensation includes base pay, a range of incentive plans that vary based on role, and awards – all set at levels. Incentive compensation plans are part of our philosophy, including close alignment with Company performance that rewards top performers. Most employees are eligible for awards, which allows the majority of our employees to share in the Company’s success. We also offer eligible employees a broad range of competitive benefits designed to protect and enhance their health, financial future, and overall . These programs include health care, free mental health counseling and resources, retirement benefits, life and family support programs, and paid time off, including annual paid recharge days and family and parental leave. INFORMATION ABOUT OUR EXECUTIVE OFFICERS The following table shows Intuit’s executive officers and their areas of responsibility as of July 31, 2024. Their biographies follow the table. Name Age Position Sasan K. Goodarzi 56 President, Chief Executive Officer, and Director Scott D. Cook 72 Founder and Director Sandeep S. Aujla 48 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Alex G. Balazs 53 Executive Vice President and Chief Technology Officer Laura A. Fennell 63 Executive Vice President, Chief People & Places Officer Kerry J. McLean 60 Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary Mark Notarainni 54 Executive Vice President and General Manager, Consumer Group Marianna Tessel 57 Executive Vice President and General Manager, Small Business & Group Lauren D. Hotz 49 Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer Mr. Goodarzi has been President and Chief Executive Officer and a member of the Board of Directors since January 2019 and previously served as Executive Vice President and General Manager of Intuit’s Small Business Group since May 2016. He previously was Executive Vice President and General Manager of Intuit’s Consumer Tax Group from August 2015 through April 2016 and from August 2013 to July 2015 served as Senior Vice President and General Manager of the Consumer Tax Group. He served as Intuit’s Senior Vice President and Chief Information Officer from August 2011 to July 2013, having rejoined Intuit after serving as CEO of Nexant Inc., a privately held provider of intelligent grid software and clean energy solutions, beginning in November 2010. During his previous tenure at Intuit from 2004 to 2010, Mr. Goodarzi led several business units, including Intuit Financial Services and the professional tax division. Prior to joining Intuit, Mr. Goodarzi worked for Invensys, a global provider of industrial automation, transportation, and controls technology, serving as global president of the products group. He also held a number of senior leadership roles in the automation control division at Honeywell Inc. He serves on the board of Atlassian Corporation Plc and chairs the Compensation and Leadership Development Committee. Mr. Goodarzi holds a Bachelor’s degree in Electrical Engineering from the University of Central Florida and a Master’s degree in Business Administration from the Kellogg School of Management at Northwestern University. Mr. Cook, a founder of Intuit, has been an Intuit director since March 1984. He served as Intuit’s Chairman of the Board from February 1993 to July 1998. From April 1984 to April 1994, he served as Intuit’s President and Chief Executive Officer. Intuit Fiscal 2024 Form 10-K 13 Tables of Contents Mr. Cook served on the board of directors of The Procter & Gamble Company from 2000 to 2020. Mr. Cook was also a director of eBay Inc. from 1998 to 2015. Mr. Cook holds a Bachelor’s degree in Economics and Mathematics from the University of Southern California and a Master’s degree in Business Administration from Harvard Business School. Mr. Aujla has been Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer since August 2023. He served as Intuit’s Senior Vice President of Finance, Small Business & Group and Technology Organization, from January 2019 to July 2023, and Vice President, Finance, Small Business & Group, from June 2015 to January 2019. Prior to joining Intuit, Mr. Aujla held various finance leadership roles at Visa, and investment banking roles at Goldman Sachs and Morgan Stanley. Mr. Aujla holds a Bachelor’s degree in Economics from San Francisco State University and a Master’s degree in Business Administration from the University of Virginia Darden School of Business. Mr. Balazs has been Executive Vice President and Chief Technology Officer since September 2023. Prior to that, he served as Senior Vice President and Chief Technology Architect from April 2021 to September 2023 and Senior Vice President of Data Engineering from August 2018 to April 2021. Mr. Balazs held various other roles since he joined Intuit in October 1999. Mr. Balazs holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Mechanical Engineering from Kettering University. Ms. Fennell has been Executive Vice President, Chief People & Places Officer since August 2018 and previously served as Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary from August 2015 to July 2018, Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary from February 2007 to July 2018, and Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary from April 2004 to February 2007. Prior to joining Intuit, Ms. Fennell spent nearly eleven years at Sun Microsystems, Inc., most recently as Vice President of Corporate Legal Resources, as well as Acting General Counsel. Prior to joining Sun, she was an associate attorney at Wilson Sonsini, Goodrich & Rosati PC. Ms. Fennell holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Business Administration from California State University, Chico and a Juris Doctor from Santa Clara University. Ms. McLean has been Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary since August 2020. Prior to that, she served as Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary from August 2018 to July 2020 and Vice President, Deputy General Counsel from August 2010 to July 2018. She joined Intuit in 2006 as Director, Deputy General Counsel. Prior to joining Intuit, Ms. McLean spent over six years at Wind River Systems, Inc . , most recently as the Director of Legal. Prior to joining Wind River, she was an associate at Howard, Rice, Nemerovski, Canady, Falk & Rabkin PC (now Arnold & Porter Kaye Scholer LLP). Ms. McLean serves on the board of directors of the California Minority Counsel Program. Ms. McLean holds a Bachelor’s degree in International Relations from University of California, Davis and a Juris Doctor from University of California, Hastings College of Law (now University of California College of the Law, San Francisco). Mr. Notarainni has been Executive Vice President and General Manager of Intuit’s Consumer Group since August 2023. He previously served as Executive Vice President of Customer Success for five years. Mr. Notarainni joined Intuit in February 2009 as a director of contact centers and spent over eight years as vice president of Customer Care and Services for Intuit’s Consumer Group. Before joining Intuit, he held leadership positions at NCR Corp, Dell, and . Mr. Notarainni holds a Bachelor’s degree in Finance from Michigan State University. Ms. Tessel has been Executive Vice President and General Manager of Intuit’s Small Business & Group since September 2023. She previously served as Executive Vice President and Chief Technology Officer from January 2019 to September 2023 and Chief Product Development Officer of Intuit’s Small Business & Group from June 2017 to December 2018. Prior to joining Intuit, Ms. Tessel worked for Docker Inc., a software containerization platform, serving as Senior Vice President of Engineering and Executive Vice President of Strategic Development from November 2014 to June 2017, and VMware, which provides cloud computing and related services, from June 2008 through November 2014, most recently serving as Vice President of Engineering. She has served on the board of directors of Cisco Systems, Inc. since March 2021. Ms. Tessel holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Computing from Technion – Israel Institute of Technology. Ms. Hotz has been Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer since August 2022, and previously held roles as Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer from February 2022 to July 2022 and Vice President and Corporate Controller from August 2020 to January 2022. She previously served as the Director, Corporate Accounting from January 2014 to July 2020. Since joining Intuit in 2004, Ms. Hotz has held a variety of accounting leadership roles at the Company. From 2001 to 2004, Ms. Hotz served in corporate controller and finance functions at other public companies. She began her career in public accounting at Coopers & Lybrand LLP (now PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP) from 1996 to 1998, and RSM McGladrey & Pullen LLP (now RSM US LLP) from 1998 to 2001. Ms. Hotz is a California Certified Public Accountant (inactive) and holds a Bachelor of Science degree in accounting from Washington University in St. Louis. Intuit Fiscal 2024 Form 10-K 14 Tables of Contents AVAILABLE INFORMATION Our corporate website, www.intuit.com , provides materials for investors and information relating to Intuit’s corporate governance. The content on any website referred to in this filing is not incorporated by reference into this filing unless expressly noted otherwise. We file reports required of public companies with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). These include annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, proxy statements, and other reports, and amendments to these reports. The SEC maintains a website at www.sec.gov that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. We make available free of charge on the Investor Relations section of our corporate website all of the reports we file with or furnish to the SEC as soon as reasonably practicable after the reports are filed or furnished. Copies of this Annual Report on Form 10-K may also be obtained without charge by contacting Investor Relations, Intuit Inc., P.O. Box 7850, Mountain View, California 94039-7850, calling 650-944-6000, or emailing investor_relations@intuit.com. Intuit Fiscal 2024 Form 10-K 15 Tables of Contents ITEM 1A - RISK FACTORS Our businesses routinely encounter and address risks, many of which could cause our future results to be materially different than we presently anticipate. Below, we describe significant factors, events and uncertainties that make an investment in our securities risky, categorized solely for ease of reference as strategic, operational, legal and compliance, and financial risks. The following events and consequences could have a material adverse effect on our business, growth, prospects, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, liquidity, reputation and credit rating, and the trading price of our common stock could decline. We could also be affected by other events, factors or uncertainties that are presently unknown to us or that we do not currently consider to present significant risks to our business. These risks may be amplified by the effects of global developments and conditions or events, including macroeconomic and geopolitical conditions, which have caused significant global economic instability and uncertainty. STRATEGIC RISKS We face intense competitive pressures that may harm our operating results. We face intense competition in all of our businesses, and we expect competition to continue to intensify in the future. Our competitors and potential competitors range from large and established entities to emerging . Our competitors may introduce superior products and services, successfully use and deploy new technologies such as artificial intelligence (AI) that may reduce customer demand for our products or services, reduce prices, have greater technical, marketing and other resources, have greater name recognition, have larger installed bases of customers, have relationships with our current and potential customers, advertise aggressively or beat us to market with new products and services. In addition, we face competition from existing companies with large established consumer user bases and platforms, who may change or expand the focus of their business strategies and marketing to target our customers, including small businesses, tax and personal financial management customers. We also face competition from companies with a variety of business models and monetization strategies, including increased competition from providers of free and low cost offerings, particularly in our tax, accounting, payments and consumer finance platform businesses. We have also introduced free offerings in several categories, but we may not be able to attract and retain customers as effectively as our competitors with different business models. In addition, other providers of free offerings may provide features that we do not offer and customers who have formerly paid for our products and services may elect to use our competitors’ free offerings instead. These competitive factors may diminish our revenue and profitability, and harm our ability to acquire and retain customers. Our consumer tax business also faces significant, increasing competition from the public sector, where we face the risk of federal and state taxing authorities implementing strategies that involve developing and providing government tax software or other government return preparation systems at public expense. These or similar programs have been and may continue to be introduced or expanded in the future, which may change the voluntary compliance tax system in ways that could cause us to lose customers and revenue. For example, the IRS has stated that it will make a free direct filing system, which it piloted in 2024, a permanent option in 2025 and will explore ways to expand eligibility for the program, including partnering with more states. Additionally, the legacy IRS Free File Program enables the IRS to offer free commercial tax software directly to qualifying taxpayers, and taxpayer adoption of this program could expand with increased awareness of and government support for the program. Through these or other programs, federal and state governments are or could become publicly funded direct competitors of the U.S. tax services industry and of Intuit. Government funded services that curtail or eliminate the role of taxpayers in preparing their own taxes could potentially have material and adverse revenue implications on us. Future revenue growth depends upon our ability to adapt to technological change and successfully extend our platform, introduce new and enhanced products, features, services and business models. We operate in industries that are characterized by rapidly changing technology, evolving industry standards and frequent new product introductions. To meet the evolving needs and expectations of our customers and partners and attract and retain top technical talent, we must continue to innovate, develop and extend our platform, introduce new products and features, and enhance our ability to solve customer problems with emerging technologies, such as artificial intelligence. If we are not able to do this successfully, we may face a competitive disadvantage. We have and will continue to devote significant resources to continue to develop our skills, tools and capabilities to capitalize on existing and emerging technologies, including artificial intelligence. There can be no assurance that we or our customers will realize the expected benefits from these investments. Legislation or regulatory changes in these areas may mandate changes in our products that make them less attractive to users and hinder our ability to leverage emerging technologies and build out our platform capabilities. Our consumer and professional tax businesses depend significantly on revenue from customers who return each year to use our updated tax preparation and filing software and services, including customers who use our free consumer tax products and whose tax scenarios evolve in subsequent years to require paid services. Encouraging customers to continue using our products in successive years can become more challenging unless new product releases provide features and functionality that have meaningful incremental value. As we continue to introduce and expand our new business models our customers may not perceive value in the additional benefits and services we offer and may choose not to pay for those additional benefits or we Intuit Fiscal 2024 Form 10-K 16 Tables of Contents may be unsuccessful in increasing customer adoption of these offerings or our risk profile may change, resulting in loss of revenue. When customers consent to the use of their data across our platform, we work to provide additional benefits to them through our existing offerings and the creation of new products and services. The growth of our business depends, in part, on our ability to successfully provide customers value in this way. If we are unable to clearly demonstrate the value of these new or upgraded products or services, our ability to build new products and services may be limited and our revenues may be harmed. In some cases, we may expend a significant amount of resources and management attention on offerings that do not ultimately succeed in their markets. We have encountered difficulty in launching new products and services in the past. If we misjudge customer needs in the future, our new products and services may not succeed and our revenues and earnings may be harmed. We have also invested, and in the future, expect to invest in new business models, technologies, geographies, strategies and initiatives. Such endeavors may involve significant risks and uncertainties, including a rapidly changing regulatory environment, distraction of management from current operations, expenses associated with the initiatives, inadequate return on investments, and social or ethical scrutiny. Because these new initiatives are inherently risky, they may not be successful and may harm our financial condition, operating results, or reputation. We rely on intellectual property in our products and services. Many of our products and services include our own intellectual property, as well as the intellectual property of third parties, which we license under agreements that may need to be renewed or renegotiated from time to time. We may not be able to obtain licenses to these technologies or content on reasonable terms, or at all. If we are unable to obtain the rights necessary to use this intellectual property in our products and services, we may not be able to provide the affected offerings, and customers who are currently using the affected product may be disrupted, which may in turn harm our future financial results, damage our brand, and result in customer loss. Also, we and our customers have been and may continue to be subject to infringement claims as a result of the intellectual property incorporated in our offerings, including through our use of AI. Although we try to mitigate this risk and we may not be ultimately liable for any potential infringement, pending claims require us to use significant resources, require management attention and could result in loss of customers. Some of our offerings include software that is licensed under “open source” licenses, some of which may include a requirement that, under certain circumstances, we make available, or grant licenses to, any modifications or derivative works we create based upon the open source software. Although we have established internal review and approval processes to mitigate these risks, we cannot be sure that all open source software is submitted for approval prior to use in our products. Many of the risks associated with usage of open source may not be eliminated and, if not properly addressed, may harm our business. Our intellectual property rights are valuable, and any inability to protect them could reduce the value of our products, services and brand. Our patents, trademarks, trade secrets, copyrights, domain names and other intellectual property rights are important assets for us. We aggressively protect our intellectual property rights by relying on federal, state and common law rights in the U.S. and internationally, as well as a variety of administrative procedures. We also rely on contractual restrictions to protect our proprietary rights in products and services. The efforts that we take to protect our proprietary rights may not always be sufficient or effective. In addition, there is uncertainty about the validity and enforceability of intellectual property rights that may result from our use of generative AI. Protecting our intellectual property rights is costly and time consuming and may not be successful in every location. Any significant impairment of our intellectual property rights could harm our business, our brand, and our ability to compete. Policing unauthorized use and copying of our products is difficult, expensive, and time consuming. Current U.S. laws that prohibit copying give us only limited practical protection from software piracy and the laws of many other countries provide very little protection. We frequently encounter unauthorized copies of our software being sold through online marketplaces. Although we continue to evaluate and put in place technology solutions to attempt to lessen the impact of piracy and engage in efforts to educate consumers and public policy leaders on these issues and cooperate with industry groups in their efforts to combat piracy, we expect piracy to be a persistent problem that results in lost revenues and increased expenses. Our business depends on our strong reputation and the value of our brands. Developing and maintaining awareness of our brands and platform strategy is critical to achieving widespread acceptance of our existing and future products and services and is an important element in attracting new customers and expanding our business with existing customers. Adverse publicity (whether or not justified) relating to events or activities attributed to us, members of our workforce, agents, third parties we rely on, or our users, may tarnish our reputation and reduce the value of our brands. Perceived social harm or unfairness of outcomes relating to the use of new and evolving technologies such as AI in our offerings, may result in reputational harm and liability, and may cause us to incur additional research and development costs to resolve such issues. Our brand value also depends on our ability to provide secure and trustworthy products and services, as well as our ability to protect and use our customers’ data in a manner that meets their expectations. In addition, a security incident that results in unauthorized disclosure of our customers’ sensitive data could cause material reputational harm. Damage to our reputation and loss of brand equity may reduce demand for our products or services and thus have an Intuit Fiscal 2024 Form 10-K 17 Tables of Contents adverse effect on our future financial results, as well as require additional resources to rebuild our reputation and restore the value of the brands and could also reduce our stock price. Our aspirations and disclosures related to environment, social, and governance (ESG) matters expose us to risks that could adversely affect our reputation and performance. We have public ESG commitments, including our goals to increase the diversity of our workforce, create and prepare individuals for jobs and have a positive impact on the climate. Our ability to achieve these goals is subject to numerous risks that may be outside of our control, including our ability to recruit, develop and retain talent, the evolving ESG regulatory requirements, and the ability of our suppliers to meet our sustainability, diversity and other standards. In addition, standards for tracking and reporting ESG matters continue to evolve and we may not be able to implement new and changing standards in ways that meet the expectations of all of our stakeholders. Our failure or perceived failure to achieve our ESG goals or maintain ESG practices that meet evolving stakeholder expectations could harm our reputation, adversely impact our ability to attract and retain employees or customers, and expose us to increased scrutiny from the investment community and enforcement authorities. Our reputation also may be harmed by negative perceptions that our customers, employees and other stakeholders may have about our action or inaction on social, ethical, or political issues. Our acquisition and divestiture activities may disrupt our ongoing business, may involve increased expenses and may present risks not contemplated at the time of the transactions. We have acquired and may continue to acquire companies, products, technologies and talent that complement our strategic direction, both in and outside the United States. Acquisitions involve significant risks and uncertainties, including: • inability to successfully integrate the acquired technology, data assets and operations into our business and maintain uniform standards, controls, policies, and procedures; • inability to realize synergies or anticipated benefits within the expected time frame or at all; • disruption of our ongoing business and distraction of management; • challenges retaining the key employees, customers, resellers and other business partners of the acquired operation; • the internal control environment of an acquired entity may not be consistent with our standards or with regulatory requirements, and may require significant time and resources to align or rectify; • unidentified issues not discovered in our due diligence process, including product or service quality issues, security policies, standards, and practices, intellectual property issues and legal contingencies; • failure to successfully further develop an acquired business or technology and any resulting impairment of amounts currently capitalized as intangible assets; • risks associated with businesses we acquire or invest in, which may differ from or be more significant than the risks our other businesses face; • in the case of foreign acquisitions and investments, the impact of particular economic, tax, currency, political, legal and regulatory risks associated with specific countries; and • to the extent we use debt to fund acquisitions or for other purposes, our interest expense and leverage will increase significantly, and to the extent we issue equity securities as consideration in an acquisition, current shareholders’ percentage ownership and earnings per share will be diluted. We have divested and may in the future divest certain assets or businesses that no longer fit with our strategic direction or growth targets. Divestitures involve significant risks and uncertainties, including: • inability to find potential buyers on favorable terms; • failure to effectively transfer liabilities, contracts, facilities and employees to buyers; • requirements that we retain or indemnify buyers against certain liabilities and obligations; • the possibility that we will become subject to claims arising out of such divestiture; • challenges in identifying and separating the intellectual property, systems and data to be divested from the intellectual property, systems and data that we wish to retain; • inability to reduce fixed costs previously associated with the divested assets or business; • challenges in collecting the proceeds from any divestiture; • disruption of our ongoing business and distraction of management; • loss of key employees who leave us as a result of a divestiture; and • if customers or partners of the divested business do not receive the same level of service from the new owners, or the new owners do not handle the

[truncated]