BETA Close X Sabre Insurance Group PLC announced the purchase of 31,635 ordinary shares for cancellation on October 1, 2025, executed through Panmure Liberum Limited. The shares were bought on the London Stock Exchange at prices ranging from 138.80p to 145.40p, with an average price of 142.83p per share. Following the cancellation, the company will have 246,635,000 ordinary shares in issue, which represents the total voting rights. This figure is relevant for shareholders determining their notification requirements regarding their interest in the company under the FCA's rules. Disclaimer* Sabre Insurance Group PLC 02 October 2025 THIS ANNOUNCEMENT CONTAINS INSIDE INFORMATION AS STIPULATED UNDER THE MARKET ABUSE REGULATION (EU NO. 596/2014) AS IT FORMS PART OF UK DOMESTIC LAW BY VIRTUE OF THE EUROPEAN UNION (WITHDRAWAL) ACT 2018 ("MAR"). 2 October 2025 Sabre Insurance Group plc ("Sabre" or the "Company") Transaction in Own Shares and Total Voting Rights The Company announces that in accordance with the authority given by its shareholders at its Annual General Meeting on 22 May 2025 and pursuant to the Company's share buy-back announced on 01 July 2025, it has purchased for cancellation through Panmure Liberum Limited, the following ordinary shares in the capital of the Company ("Ordinary Shares"): Date of purchase: 1 October 2025 Aggregate number of ordinary shares purchased: 31,635 Trading venue: London Stock Exchange Lowest price paid per share (p): 138.80 Highest price paid per share (p): 145.40 Average price paid per share (p): 142.83 Following cancellation of the above Ordinary Shares, the Company will have 246,635,000 Ordinary Shares in issue. No Ordinary Shares are held in treasury. This number represents the total voting rights in the Company and may be used by shareholders as the denominator for the calculations by which they can determine if they are required to notify their interest in, or a change to their interest in the Company under the Financial Conduct Authority's Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rules. For further information, please contact: Investor enquiries 01306 747 272 Sabre Insurance Group plc investor.relations@sabre.co.uk Geoff Carter / Adam Westwood Media enquiries 020 7260 2700 Teneo sabre@teneo.com James Macey White / Ffion Dash This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Sabre Insurance Group (SBRE) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 2 days ago Ondo Insurtech 2 days ago Ondo Insurtech 2 days ago Sunbelt Rentals Holdings, Inc. 2 days ago Savannah Energy 2 days ago Savills All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and