BETA Close X Sabre Insurance Group PLC announced on September 30, 2025, that its issued and fully paid share capital consists of 246,797,970 ordinary shares. Each share has a nominal value of £0.001 and carries one voting right. The company does not hold any ordinary shares in treasury. Therefore, the total number of voting rights within the company amounts to 246,797,970. This figure should be used by shareholders to calculate if they need to notify the company of their interest in Sabre Insurance Group. Disclaimer* Sabre Insurance Group PLC 30 September 2025 30 September 2025 Sabre Insurance Group plc Total Voting Rights For the purposes of DTR5.6.1R of the Transparency Directive, the Company notifies the market of the following: Sabre Insurance Group ("Sabre" or the "Company") today announces that as at 30 September 2025, the Company's issued and fully paid share capital consists of 246,797,970 ordinary shares with a nominal value of £0.001 each ("Ordinary Shares"), with one voting right per share. The Company does not hold any Ordinary Shares in Treasury. The total number of voting rights in the Company is therefore 246,797,970. The above figure of 246,797,970 should be used by shareholders as the denominator for the calculations by which they will determine if they are required to notify their interest in, or a change to their interest in, the Company, under the Disclosure and Transparency Rules. Additional Information: Anneka Kingan - Company Secretary LEI Code: 2138006RXRQ8P8VKGV98 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Sabre Insurance Group (SBRE) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 day ago Canal+ SA 1 day ago PayPoint 1 day ago Premier Miton Group 1 day ago Braemar 1 day ago Hill and Smith All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and