BETA Close X On October 10, 2025, several Directors and PDMRs of Sabre Insurance Group PLC acquired shares through the company's Share Incentive Plan at a price of 133.7 pence per share. Geoff Carter, the Chief Executive Officer, and Trevor Webb, the Claims Director, each purchased 112 partnership shares and received 37 matching shares, totaling 149 shares each, bringing their total SIP holdings to 11,008 shares. Matt Wright, the Chief Actuary, purchased 113 partnership shares and received 37 matching shares, totaling 150 shares, resulting in a total of 11,009 shares held under the SIP. Disclaimer* Sabre Insurance Group PLC 13 October 2025 13 October 2025 Sabre Insurance Group plc ("Sabre" or the "Company") Notification of transactions of Directors, Persons Discharging Managerial Responsibility ("PDMR") or Connected Persons Sabre announces that on 10 October 2025, the following Directors and PDMRs of the Company acquired a further interest in the Company's shares as a result of their participation in the Company's Share Incentive Plan ("SIP"). The SIP is an all employee trust arrangement approved by HM Revenue and Customs, under which employees are able to buy shares in the Company of £0.001 ("Ordinary Shares"), using deductions from salary in each calendar month ("Partnership Shares") and receive allocations of matching free Ordinary Shares ("Matching Shares"). Details of the number of Partnership Shares purchased by each Director and PDMR at a price of 133.7 pence per Ordinary Share, and the number of Matching Shares allocated by the SIP Trustees to the Director and PDMR for no consideration are set out below: Name Number of Partnership Shares Purchased Number of Matching Shares Acquired Total of Shares Acquired Total number of shares held under the SIP Geoff Carter Chief Executive Officer 112 37 149 11,008 Trevor Webb Claims Director 112 37 149 11,008 Matt Wright Chief Actuary 113 37 150 11,009 The transactions were notified to the Company on 13 October 2025. This notification is made pursuant to Article 19 of the EU Market Abuse Regulation. Additional Information: Anneka Kingan - Company Secretary Anneka.kingan@sabre.co.uk LEI Code: 2138006RXRQ8P8VKGV98 PDMR transaction notification 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / person closely associated a) Name Geoff Carter 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/status Chief Executive Officer b) Initial notification /Amendment Initial notification 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name Sabre Insurance Group Plc b) LEI 2138006RXRQ8P8VKGV98 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Purchase and Acquisition of Partnership and Matching Shares through the Company's Share Incentive Plan Identification code GB00BYWVDP49 b) Nature of the transaction Purchase and Acquisition of Partnership and Matching Shares through the Company's Share Incentive Plan c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price per share Volume 133.7 pence 149 d) Aggregated Information Volume Price Volume Price per share 149 133.7 pence e) Date of transaction 10 October 2025 f) Place of transaction London Stock Exchange (XLON) PDMR transaction notification 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / person closely associated a) Name Trevor Webb 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/status Claims Director b) Initial notification /Amendment Initial notification 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name Sabre Insurance Group Plc b) LEI 2138006RXRQ8P8VKGV98 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Purchase and Acquisition of Partnership and Matching Shares through the Company's Share Incentive Plan Identification code GB00BYWVDP49 b) Nature of the transaction Purchase and Acquisition of Partnership and Matching Shares through the Company's Share Incentive Plan c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price per share Volume 133.7 pence 149 d) Aggregated Information Volume Price Volume Price per share 149 133.7 pence e) Date of transaction 10 October 2025 f) Place of transaction London Stock Exchange (XLON) PDMR transaction notification 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / person closely associated a) Name Matthew Wright 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/status Chief Actuary b) Initial notification /Amendment Initial notification 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name Sabre Insurance Group Plc b) LEI 2138006RXRQ8P8VKGV98 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Purchase and Acquisition of Partnership and Matching Shares through the Company's Share Incentive Plan Identification code GB00BYWVDP49 b) Nature of the transaction Purchase and Acquisition of Partnership and Matching Shares through the Company's Share Incentive Plan c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price per share Volume 133.7 pence 150 d) Aggregated Information Volume Price Volume Price per share 150 133.7 pence e) Date of transaction 10 October 2025 f) Place of transaction London Stock Exchange (XLON) This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Sabre Insurance Group (SBRE) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 2 days ago Ondo Insurtech 2 days ago Ondo Insurtech 2 days ago Sunbelt Rentals Holdings, Inc. 2 days ago Savannah Energy 2 days ago Savills All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and