BETA Close X Sabre Insurance Group plc announced that Anneka Kingan, Chief Risk and Governance Officer, sold 10,976 ordinary shares at an average price of 176.63 pence per share on August 6, 2026. Following this transaction, Ms. Kingan holds 180,630 ordinary shares, representing 0.07% of the company's issued share capital. Disclaimer* Sabre Insurance Group PLC 06 August 2026 6 August 2026 Sabre Insurance Group plc Notification of transactions of Directors, Persons Discharging Managerial Responsibility or Connected Persons Sabre Insurance Group plc (the "Company" or "Sabre), one of the UK's leading private motor insurance underwriters, announces that it was notified on 6 August 2026 that Anneka Kingan, Chief Risk and Governance Officer sold a total of 10,976 Ordinary Shares of 0.01 pence each in the capital of the Company on 6 August 2026 at an average price of 176.63 pence per Ordinary Share (the "Transaction") as detailed below: Name and Job Title Number of shares sold Average price shares sold at (pence per Ordinary Share) Number of shares held in the Company post the transaction Number of shares held in the Company as a % of issued share capital Anneka Kingan Chief Risk and Governance Officer 10,976 176.63 180,630 0.07 Further details of the Transaction are set out below and in the attached notification as required by the EU Market Abuse Regulation. For further information, please contact: Anneka Kingan - Chief Risk and Governance Officer Anneka.kingan@sabre.co.uk LEI Code: 2138006RXRQ8P8VKGV98 Sabre Insurance Group Plc Notification of transactions by Persons Discharging Managerial Responsibilities (PDMR) 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / person closely associated a) Name Anneka Kingan 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/status Chief Risk and Governance Officer b) Initial notification /Amendment Initial notification 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name Sabre Insurance Group Plc b) LEI 2138006RXRQ8P8VKGV98 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Ordinary Shares Identification code GB00BYWVDP49 b) Nature of the transaction Sale of Ordinary Shares c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price per share Volume 176.63 pence 10,976 d) Aggregated Information Volume Price Volume Price per share 10,976 176.63 pence e) Date of transaction 6 August 2026 f) Place of transaction London Stock Exchange (XLON) This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Sabre Insurance Group (SBRE) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 48 minutes ago Gamma Communications 2 days ago Ondo Insurtech 2 days ago Ondo Insurtech 2 days ago Sunbelt Rentals Holdings, Inc. 2 days ago Savannah Energy All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and