BETA Close X Sabre Insurance Group PLC announced that on February 10, 2026, its Chief Executive Officer, Geoff Carter, Claims Director Trevor Webb, and Chief Actuary Matt Wright participated in the Company's Share Incentive Plan. Each executive purchased 116 partnership shares at 129.90 pence per share and received 39 matching shares, resulting in a total acquisition of 155 shares for each individual. These transactions, which increase their holdings within the SIP to 11,627 shares each, were notified on February 11, 2026, in accordance with market abuse regulations. Disclaimer* Sabre Insurance Group PLC 11 February 2026 11 February 2026 Sabre Insurance Group plc ("Sabre" or the "Company") Notification of transactions of Directors, Persons Discharging Managerial Responsibility ("PDMR") or Connected Persons Sabre announces that on 10 February 2026, the following Directors and PDMRs of the Company acquired a further interest in the Company's shares as a result of their participation in the Company's Share Incentive Plan ("SIP"). The SIP is an all employee trust arrangement approved by HM Revenue and Customs, under which employees are able to buy shares in the Company of £0.001 ("Ordinary Shares"), using deductions from salary in each calendar month ("Partnership Shares") and receive allocations of matching free Ordinary Shares ("Matching Shares"). Details of the number of Partnership Shares purchased by each Director and PDMR at a price of 129.90 pence per Ordinary Share, and the number of Matching Shares allocated by the SIP Trustees to the Director and PDMR for no consideration are set out below: Name Number of Partnership Shares Purchased Number of Matching Shares Acquired Total of Shares Acquired Total number of shares held under the SIP Geoff Carter Chief Executive Officer 116 39 155 11,627 Trevor Webb Claims Director 116 39 155 11,627 Matt Wright Chief Actuary 116 39 155 11,627 The transactions were notified to the Company on 11 February 2026. This notification is made pursuant to Article 19 of the EU Market Abuse Regulation. Additional Information: Anneka Kingan - Company Secretary Anneka.kingan@sabre.co.uk LEI Code: 2138006RXRQ8P8VKGV98 PDMR transaction notification 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / person closely associated a) Name Geoff Carter 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/status Chief Executive Officer b) Initial notification /Amendment Initial notification 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name Sabre Insurance Group Plc b) LEI 2138006RXRQ8P8VKGV98 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Purchase and Acquisition of Partnership and Matching Shares through the Company's Share Incentive Plan Identification code GB00BYWVDP49 b) Nature of the transaction Purchase and Acquisition of Partnership and Matching Shares through the Company's Share Incentive Plan c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price per share Volume 129.90 pence 155 d) Aggregated Information Volume Price Volume Price per share 155 129.90 pence e) Date of transaction 10 February 2026 f) Place of transaction London Stock Exchange (XLON) PDMR transaction notification 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / person closely associated a) Name Trevor Webb 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/status Claims Director b) Initial notification /Amendment Initial notification 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name Sabre Insurance Group Plc b) LEI 2138006RXRQ8P8VKGV98 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Purchase and Acquisition of Partnership and Matching Shares through the Company's Share Incentive Plan Identification code GB00BYWVDP49 b) Nature of the transaction Purchase and Acquisition of Partnership and Matching Shares through the Company's Share Incentive Plan c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price per share Volume 129.90 pence 155 d) Aggregated Information Volume Price Volume Price per share 155 129.90 pence e) Date of transaction 10 February 2026 f) Place of transaction London Stock Exchange (XLON) PDMR transaction notification 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / person closely associated a) Name Matthew Wright 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/status Chief Actuary b) Initial notification /Amendment Initial notification 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name Sabre Insurance Group Plc b) LEI 2138006RXRQ8P8VKGV98 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Purchase and Acquisition of Partnership and Matching Shares through the Company's Share Incentive Plan Identification code GB00BYWVDP49 b) Nature of the transaction Purchase and Acquisition of Partnership and Matching Shares through the Company's Share Incentive Plan c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price per share Volume 129.90 pence 155 d) Aggregated Information Volume Price Volume Price per share 155 129.90 pence e) Date of transaction 10 February 2026 f) Place of transaction London Stock Exchange (XLON) This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Sabre Insurance Group (SBRE) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 2 days ago Ondo Insurtech 2 days ago Ondo Insurtech 2 days ago Sunbelt Rentals Holdings, Inc. 2 days ago Savannah Energy 2 days ago Savills All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and