BETA Close X Sabre Insurance Group plc has published its Annual Report and Accounts for the financial year ended 31 December 2025, along with the Notice of Meeting for its 2026 Annual General Meeting. These documents are available on the company's website and will be posted to shareholders on 30 March 2026, with copies also submitted to the National Storage Mechanism. The Annual General Meeting is scheduled for Thursday, 21 May 2026, at 9:30 a.m. Disclaimer* Sabre Insurance Group PLC 30 March 2026 30 March 2026 Sabre Insurance Group plc Publication of Annual Report & Accounts and the Notice of the Annual General Meeting Sabre Insurance Group ("Sabre" or the "Company") today announces its Annual Report for the financial year ended 31 December 2025 and the Notice of Meeting for the 2026 Annual General Meeting are available to view on the Company's website at https://www.sabreplc.co.uk/investors/annual-general-meeting/ and printed copies will be posted to shareholders on 30 March 2026. A copy of the Annual Report, the Notice of Meeting and the Proxy Form have been submitted to the National Storage Mechanism and will shortly be available for inspection at https://data.fca.org.uk . Sabre Insurance Group plc's Annual General Meeting for the financial year ended 31 December 2025 will be held at 9.30 a.m. on Thursday 21 May 2026, at The Old House, 142 South Street, Dorking, RH4 2EU. For ease of organisation, we request that shareholders planning to attend the AGM in person please confirm their attendance by emailing anneka.kingan@sabre.co.uk no later than 9:30 a.m. on Tuesday 19 May 2026. However, failure to confirm attendance will not preclude a shareholder from attending in person should they wish to do so . Additional Information: Anneka Kingan - Company Secretary LEI Code: 2138006RXRQ8P8VKGV98 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Sabre Insurance Group (SBRE) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 day ago Canal+ SA 1 day ago PayPoint 1 day ago Premier Miton Group 1 day ago Braemar 1 day ago Hill and Smith All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and