BETA Close X Sabre Insurance Group plc has announced an on-market share buyback programme to return £5 million to shareholders, having received regulatory approval. The board considers this a value-enhancing use of cash, which will be used to reduce share capital while maintaining financial flexibility for strategic investment. The programme will commence immediately and is expected to conclude by 31 December 2026, with up to 24,660,000 ordinary shares potentially being purchased for a maximum aggregate consideration of £5 million, excluding stamp duty and expenses. Any repurchased shares are expected to be cancelled. Disclaimer* Sabre Insurance Group PLC 02 June 2026 THIS ANNOUNCEMENT CONTAINS INSIDE INFORMATION AS STIPULATED UNDER THE MARKET ABUSE REGULATION (EU NO. 596/2014) AS IT FORMS PART OF UK DOMESTIC LAW BY VIRTUE OF THE EUROPEAN UNION (WITHDRAWAL) ACT 2018 ("MAR"). 2 June 2026 Sabre Insurance Group plc On-market Share Buyback Programme of £5m Sabre Insurance Group plc (the "Group", the "Company" or "Sabre"), one of the UK's leading motor insurance underwriters, announces its intention to launch an on-market share buyback programme to return £5m to shareholders (the "Buyback Programme"). Further to the Group's proposal to launch a £5m share buyback programme which was included in the Group's results announcement in March 2026, the board has received regulatory approval to proceed. Having reviewed the Group's strong performance and ongoing capital requirements, the Board has concluded that an on-market share buyback programme for up to a maximum aggregate consideration of £5m (excluding stamp duty and expenses) remains appropriate and a value-enhancing use of cash, while maintaining the Group's financial flexibility to invest in its strategy. The purpose of this buyback programme is to return surplus capital to shareholders and reduce the Group's share capital, whilst maintaining the financial flexibility to invest in the ongoing execution of our strategy. Accordingly, any ordinary shares purchased are expected to be cancelled. Details of the Buyback Programme Sabre has entered into an irrevocable instruction with Panmure Liberum, pursuant to which Panmure Liberum will purchase the Company's ordinary shares of £0.001 each ("Ordinary Shares") for up to a maximum consideration of £5m. The Buyback Programme will commence immediately and it is anticipated it will end no later than 31 December 2026, subject to market conditions. The maximum number of Ordinary Shares that can be purchased (always subject to the aggregate maximum consideration of £5m (excluding stamp duty and expenses)) is 24,660,000, being the number of shares the Company is authorised to purchase pursuant to the authority granted by shareholders at the Company's 2026 Annual General Meeting (the "2026 AGM"). Panmure Liberum will make its trading decisions in relation to the Ordinary Shares independently of, and uninfluenced by, the Company, within the terms and pre-set parameters of the Buyback Programme. Any purchase of Ordinary Shares under the Buyback Programme will take place in open market transactions and may be made from time to time depending on market conditions, share price and trading volumes. The Buyback Programme will be effected under the general authority to repurchase Ordinary Shares granted by the Company's shareholders at the 2026 AGM, and in accordance with Chapter 12 of the UK Financial Conduct Authority's Listing Rules, and Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 and Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2016/1052 (both as they form part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018), including where relevant pursuant to the UK Market Abuse Regulation. Repurchases of Ordinary Shares under the Buyback Programme will be announced by no later than the end of the seventh daily market session following the calendar day on which the relevant repurchase occurred. There is no guarantee that the Buyback will be implemented in full or that any Ordinary Shares will be repurchased by the Company. For further information, please contact: Investor enquiries 01306 747 272 Sabre Insurance Group plc investor.relations@sabre.co.uk Geoff Carter / Adam Westwood Media enquiries 020 7260 2700 Teneo sabre@teneo.com James Macey White / Ffion Dash LEI Code: 2138006RXRQ8P8VKGV98 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Sabre Insurance Group (SBRE) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 2 days ago Ondo Insurtech 2 days ago Ondo Insurtech 2 days ago Sunbelt Rentals Holdings, Inc. 2 days ago Savannah Energy 2 days ago Savills All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and