Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement. On April 14, 2026, The Trade Desk, Inc. (the “Company”) entered into an amended and restated loan and security agreement, among the Company, as borrower, and a syndicate of banks, led by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as agent and arranger (the “Restated Loan and Security Agreement”), which amends and restates the terms of the Company’s revolving credit facility (as so amended and restated, the “Revolving Facility”). After giving effect to the Restated Loan and Security Agreement, the Revolving Facility has a scheduled maturity date of April 14, 2031. Pursuant to the terms of the Restated Loan and Security Agreement, the Revolving Facility consists of a $750.0 million revolving credit facility, with a $100.0 million sublimit for letters of credit and a $75.0 million sublimit for swingline loans. Under certain circumstances, including receipt of additional lender commitments, the Company has the right to increase the Revolving Facility by an additional amount not to exceed $750.0 million. The Restated Loan and Security Agreement is secured by substantially all of the Company’s assets, subject to customary exceptions and subject to a collateral release mechanism upon the Company achieving certain investment grade ratings. Loans under the Revolving Facility bear interest through maturity at a variable rate based upon, at the Company’s option, an annual rate of either a Base Rate or a term SOFR rate (defined as SOFR for a specified term, subject to a 0% floor), plus an applicable margin (“Base Rate Borrowings” and “SOFR Rate Borrowings,” respectively). The Base Rate is defined as a rate per annum for any day equal to the greatest of (1) the rate of interest last quoted by The Wall Street Journal as the “Prime Rate” in the United States, (2) the New York Federal Reserve Bank Rate in effect on such day plus half of 1.00%, and (3) the term SOFR rate for a one month interest period on such day plus 1.00%. The applicable margin ranges from 0.125% to 0.500% for Base Rate Borrowings and ranges from 1.125% to 1.500% for SOFR Rate Borrowings, depending on the Company’s total net leverage ratio. The fee for undrawn amounts under the Revolving Facility ranges from 0.125% to 0.200% depending on the Company’s total net leverage ratio. The Company is also required to pay customary letter of credit fees, as necessary. The Restated Loan and Security Agreement contains customary conditions to borrowings, events of default, and covenants, including covenants that restrict the Company’s ability to sell all or substantially all of its assets, engage in fundamental changes, incur, create or permit to exist liens, engage in sale and leaseback transactions, or permit its subsidiaries to assume or incur additional indebtedness and guarantees. The Restated Loan and Security Agreement also requires the Company to maintain compliance with a maximum ratio of consolidated funded debt (net of certain unrestricted cash and cash equivalents) to consolidated EBITDA of 3.50 to 1.00, subject to a temporary increase of such ratio in connection with certain material transactions. The foregoing description of the Restated Loan and Security Agreement is only a summary and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Restated Loan and Security Agreement, which will be filed as an exhibit to the Company’s Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 31, 2026. Item 2.03 Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant. The information set forth under Item 1.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated by reference into this Item 2.03. SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. THE TRADE DESK, INC. Date: April 20, 2026 By: /s/ Jay R. Grant Jay R. Grant Chief Legal Officer