MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 61 Item 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 81 Item 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 83 Item 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 83 Item 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 83 Item 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 85 Item 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 85 PART III 85 Item 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 85 Item 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 85 Item 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 86 Item 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 87 Item 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 87 PART IV 88 Item 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 88 Item 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 94 SIGNATURES 95 i Defined Terms and Products Defined terms We use several terms in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including but not limited to those that are finance, regulation and related as well as names of other companies, which are provided below. Term Description 2017 Tax Act Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 340B Program Federal 340B Drug Pricing Program AI artificial intelligence Amended 2009 Plan Amended and Restated 2009 Equity Incentive Plan AOCI accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) AstraZeneca AstraZeneca plc ASU Accounting Standards Update ATMOS Amgen Technology and Medical Organizations B-ALL B-cell acute lymphoblastic leukemia BeOne BeOne Medicines Ltd. (formerly BeiGene, Ltd.) BiTE ® bispecific T-cell engager BLA Biologics License Application BPCIA Biologics Price Competition and Innovation Act of 2009 CCPA California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 CDT Cybersecurity & Digital Trust CGRP calcitonin peptide ChemoCentryx ChemoCentryx, Inc. chemotherapy anticancer medicines CHMP Committee for Medicinal Products for Human Use CIO Chief Information Officer CISO Chief Information Security Officer CMS Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services COSO Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission CRCC Corporate Responsibility and Compliance Committee DLL3 ligand 3 DOJ U.S. Department of Justice EC European Commission EMA European Medicines Agency EO Executive Order EPO European Patent Office EPS earnings per share EU European Union FASB Financial Accounting Standards Board FCPA U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act FDA U.S. Food and Drug Administration FDCA Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act Fitch Fitch Ratings, Inc. GAAP U.S. generally accepted accounting principles GDPR General Data Protection Regulation GIPR insulinotropic polypeptide receptor glucagon like peptide 1 HHS U.S. Department of Health and Human Services ii Term Description Horizon Horizon Therapeutics plc growth receptor IgG4-RD Immunoglobulin G4-related disease IND Investigational New Drug Application IPR&D research and development IRA Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 IRS Internal Revenue Service July MFN Letter Letter dated July 31, 2025, by the Administration to a number of pharmaceutical manufacturers, including Amgen KRAS Kirsten rat sarcoma viral oncogene homologue Kyowa Kirin Kyowa Kirin Co., Ltd. lipoprotein cholesterol MAA Marketing Authorisation Application MD&A management’s discussion and analysis MFN MFN EO Prescription Drug Pricing Executive Order, dated May 12, 2025 Moody’s Moody’s Investors Service, Inc. MRD minimal residual disease Neumora Neumora Therapeutics, Inc. NIH National Institutes of Health NOL net operating loss NSCLC cell lung cancer OB3 P.L. 119-21, also The One Big Beautiful Bill Act signed into law on July 4, 2025 OECD Organisation for Economic and Development PBM pharmacy benefit manager PCSK9 proprotein convertase subtilisin/kexin type 9 PDAB Prescription Drug Affordability Board R&D research and development RANKL receptor activator of nuclear factor ligand RAR Revenue Agent Report RAS Rat sarcoma viral oncogene REMS Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategy ROU ROW rest of world RSUs restricted stock units S&P Standard & Poor’s Financial Services LLC SEC U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SG&A selling, general and administrative SOFR Secured Overnight Financing Rate TED thyroid eye disease Teneobio Teneobio, Inc. U.S. Treasury U.S. Department of the Treasury USPTO U.S. Patent and Trademark Office UTB unrecognized tax benefit iii Products The brand names of our products, our delivery devices and certain of our product candidates and their associated generic names are provided below. Term Description ACTIMMUNE ACTIMMUNE ® (interferon ) Aimovig Aimovig ® ( ) AMJEVITA/AMGEVITA AMJEVITA ® ( )/AMGEVITA ™ (adalimumab) Aranesp Aranesp ® (darbepoetin alfa) AutoTouch AutoTouch ® AVSOLA AVSOLA ® ( ) BKEMV/BEKEMV BKEMV ® ( )/BEKEMV ™ (eculizumab) BLINCYTO BLINCYTO ® (blinatumomab) BUPHENYL BUPHENYL ® (sodium phenylbutyrate) ConfiPen ConfiPen ™ Corlanor Corlanor ® (ivabradine) ENBREL Enbrel ® (etanercept) ENBREL Mini ENBREL Mini ® EPOGEN EPOGEN ® (epoetin alfa) EVENITY EVENITY ® (romosozumab-aqqg) IMDELLTRA/IMDYLLTRA IMDELLTRA ® ( )/IMDYLLTRA ™ (tarlatamab) IMLYGIC IMLYGIC ® (talimogene laherparepvec) KANJINTI KANJINTI ® (trastuzumab-anns) KRYSTEXXA KRYSTEXXA ® (pegloticase) KYPROLIS KYPROLIS ® (carfilzomib) LUMAKRAS/LUMYKRAS LUMAKRAS ® /LUMYKRAS ™ (sotorasib) MariTide Maridebart cafraglutide (MariTide ™ ) MVASI MVASI ® (bevacizumab-awwb) Neulasta Neulasta ® (pegfilgrastim) NEUPOGEN NEUPOGEN ® (filgrastim) Nplate Nplate ® (romiplostim) Onpro Onpro ® Otezla Otezla ® (apremilast) Parsabiv Parsabiv ® (etelcalcetide) PAVBLU PAVBLU ® (aflibercept-ayyh) PENNSAID PENNSAID ® (diclofenac sodium topical solution) 2% PROCYSBI PROCYSBI ® (cysteamine bitartrate) Prolia Prolia ® (denosumab) QUINSAIR QUINSAIR ® (levofloxacin) RAVICTI RAVICTI ® (glycerol phenylbutyrate) RAYOS RAYOS ® (prednisone) Repatha Repatha ® (evolocumab) RIABNI RIABNI ® ( ) Sensipar/Mimpara Sensipar ® /Mimpara ™ (cinacalcet) SureClick SureClick ® TAVNEOS TAVNEOS ® (avacopan) TEPEZZA TEPEZZA ® (teprotumumab-trbw) iv Term Description TEZSPIRE TEZSPIRE ® (tezepelumab-ekko) UPLIZNA UPLIZNA ® (inebilizumab-cdon) Vectibix Vectibix ® (panitumumab) WEZLANA/WEZENLA WEZLANA ® (ustekinumab-auub)/WEZENLA ™ (ustekinumab) XGEVA XGEVA ® (denosumab) Products referenced in this report that are not included in the above list are the properties of their respective owners. v PART I Item 1. BUSINESS Amgen Inc. (including its subsidiaries, referred to as “Amgen,” “the Company,” “we,” “our” or “us”) discovers, develops, manufactures and delivers innovative medicines to fight some of the world’s toughest diseases. We focus on areas of high unmet medical need and leverage our expertise to strive for solutions that dramatically improve people’s lives, while also reducing the social and economic burden of disease. We helped launch the biotechnology industry more than 45 years ago and have grown to be one of the world’s leading independent biotechnology companies. Our robust pipeline includes potential medicines at all stages of development. We have a presence in approximately 100 countries worldwide. Amgen was incorporated in California in 1980 and became a Delaware corporation in 1987. Amgen operates in one operating segment: human therapeutics. Significant Developments Following is a summary of significant developments affecting our business that have occurred and that we have reported since the filing of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024. Products/Pipeline Repatha In August 2025, we announced that the FDA broadened the approved use of Repatha to include adults at increased risk for major adverse cardiovascular events (MACE) due to uncontrolled lipoprotein cholesterol ( ), removing the previous requirement that a patient have been diagnosed with cardiovascular (CV) disease. In November 2025, we announced detailed results from the Phase 3 clinical trial, which showed that Repatha achieved statistically significant and clinically meaningful reductions in MACEs in adults without a prior heart attack or stroke, when added to statins or other –lowering treatments. Repatha demonstrated a 25% relative reduction in the risk of a composite of coronary heart disease (CHD) death, heart attack or ischemic stroke (3-P MACE), and a 19% reduction in a broader composite that also included any arterial revascularization (4-P MACE). Repatha also reduced the risk of heart attack by 36%. In a cohort of patients included in a lipid , the median achieved was 45 mg/dL compared to 109 mg/dL in the placebo arm. No new safety signals were identified, and tolerability was consistent with the current prescribing information in the United States. UPLIZNA In April 2025, we announced the FDA approved UPLIZNA for the treatment of Immunoglobulin G4-related disease (IgG4-RD) in adult patients. UPLIZNA is the first and only FDA approved treatment for adults living with IgG4-RD. In December 2025, we announced the FDA approved UPLIZNA for the treatment of generalized myasthenia gravis (gMG) in adults who are receptor (AChR) and specific tyrosine kinase (MuSK) antibody positive. IMDELLTRA/IMDYLLTRA In June 2025, we announced interim results from the global Phase 3 trial evaluating IMDELLTRA/IMDYLLTRA in patients with small cell lung cancer (SCLC) who had progressed on or after one line of chemotherapy. The study demonstrated that IMDELLTRA/IMDYLLTRA significantly reduced the risk of death by 40% compared to chemotherapy, with a median overall survival of 13.6 months compared to 8.3 months. Additionally, IMDELLTRA/IMDYLLTRA showed a statistically significant improvement in median progression-free survival of 4.2 months compared to 3.7 months and enhanced outcomes related to symptoms, including dyspnea and cough. The safety profile of IMDELLTRA/IMDYLLTRA was consistent with prior studies. In November 2025, we announced that the FDA granted full approval for IMDELLTRA for the treatment of adult patients with extensive stage small cell lung cancer ( ) with disease progression on or after chemotherapy, converting its prior accelerated approval to full approval based on results from the global Phase 3 study. TEZSPIRE In October 2025, we announced that the FDA approved TEZSPIRE as an maintenance treatment of inadequately controlled chronic rhinosinusitis with nasal polyps (CRSwNP) in adult and pediatric patients aged 12 years and older. 1 TEPEZZA In June 2025, the European Commission granted marketing authorization approval of TEPEZZA for treatment of adults with thyroid eye disease (TED). Maridebart cafraglutide (MariTide ™ ) In March 2025, we announced the initiation of two global Phase 3 studies to evaluate MariTide, a differentiated conjugate that activates the glucagon like peptide 1 ( ) receptor and antagonizes the insulinotropic polypeptide receptor (GIPR), in chronic weight management: one study in adults living with obesity or overweight without Type 2 diabetes and another study in adults living with obesity or overweight with Type 2 diabetes. In June 2025, the underlying details from Part 1 of the Phase 2 study of MariTide and complete results from the primary analysis of the Phase 1 pharmacokinetics low dose initiation ( ) study evaluating lower starting doses of MariTide were presented at the American Diabetes Association 85 th Scientific Sessions and simultaneously published in The New England Journal of Medicine . In November 2025, we announced that, in addition to the two global Phase 3 studies announced in March 2025, four global Phase 3 studies were underway, with studies in adults living with established atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease and obesity or overweight; in adults living with heart failure with preserved or mildly reduced ejection fraction and obesity; in adults living with obstructive sleep apnea on positive airway pressure therapy and living with obesity or overweight; and in adults living with obstructive sleep apnea not on positive airway pressure therapy and living with obesity or overweight. In January 2026, we announced that Part 2 of the Phase 2 chronic weight management study, an exploratory evaluation of MariTide treatment for an additional 52 weeks in people who lost at least 15% of their body weight in the 52-week Part 1 of the Phase 2 chronic weight management study, is complete. Key findings included the following: the large majority of participants maintained the weight loss achieved in Part 1 for an additional 52 weeks on a lower monthly dose or quarterly dose of MariTide; the second year of MariTide treatment was very well tolerated, including at quarterly doses, with a very low incidence of nausea and vomiting and no new safety signals observed; and improvements in cardiometabolic parameters were sustained with MariTide at effective maintenance doses for a full second year. In January 2026 we also announced that a Phase 2 study of MariTide for the treatment of Type 2 diabetes in adults living with and without obesity has completed the 24-week timepoint. Key findings included the following: robust and clinically meaningful reduction in both hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) and weight with monthly MariTide at 24 weeks, which is in line with results seen in the Type 2 diabetes population in Part 1 of the Phase 2 chronic weight management study, at 24 weeks; safety and tolerability profile consistent with the class, where the most common side effects were gastrointestinal-related, predominantly in nature, and occurred primarily during dose escalation; and favorable improvement in cardiometabolic parameters. TAVNEOS TAVNEOS was approved by the FDA in October 2021 for the adjunctive treatment of adult patients with severe active cytoplasmic autoantibody (ANCA)-associated vasculitis (AAV) in combination with standard therapy including glucocorticoids. TAVNEOS was developed by ChemoCentryx. Amgen acquired ChemoCentryx in October 2022, after TAVNEOS had been on the market for a year. On January 16, 2026, the FDA requested that ChemoCentryx voluntarily withdraw TAVNEOS from the U.S. market. The FDA raised concerns about the process followed by ChemoCentryx to primary endpoint results for 9 of the 331 patients in its pivotal clinical trial. Hepatotoxicity, which is a known infrequent risk of TAVNEOS treatment for AAV, was also raised in the context of the profile of the medicine. Amgen is not aware of any issue with the underlying patient data from the ChemoCentryx clinical trial, and after review of the relevant clinical data and years of evidence, Amgen is confident that TAVNEOS demonstrates effectiveness and a favorable benefit–risk profile. On January 28, 2026, following FDA regulatory process, Amgen informed the FDA that it did not intend to withdraw TAVNEOS from the market. Amgen is evaluating next steps with the FDA to determine a path forward, while keeping patient safety, needs and support at the forefront. Bemarituzumab In February 2026, we announced that, based upon data from the and Phase 3 studies, the Company does not intend to pursue regulatory approval of bemarituzumab in gastric cancer. Rocatinlimab In January 2026, we and Kyowa Kirin agreed to terminate the rocatinlimab collaboration agreement and to transition control of the global development and commercialization program to Kyowa Kirin, subject to receipt of clearance under the 2 Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976. In February 2026, we received such regulatory clearance. In the first quarter of 2026, Kyowa Kirin will assume full responsibility for rocatinlimab worldwide, except that Amgen will continue to manufacture rocatinlimab and perform other transition activities for an agreed upon period of time. Marketing, Distribution and Selected Marketed Products The largest concentration of our sales and marketing forces is based in the United States and Europe. We also commercialize and market our products into other geographic territories, including Japan, China and other parts of Asia, Latin America and the Middle East by using our own affiliates, by acquiring existing businesses or product rights or by collaborating with third parties. In the Asia Pacific region, we also sell our products in partnership with other companies, including Astellas Pharma Inc., BeOne, Mitsubishi Tanabe Pharma Corporation, Takeda Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. and Kyowa Kirin. This international footprint allows us to deliver our medicines to more patients globally. See Business Relationships for our significant alliances. Whether we use our own sales and marketing forces or a third party’s services varies across these markets. Such use typically depends on several factors, including the nature of entry into the new market, the size of an opportunity and operational capabilities. Together with our collaborators, we market our products to healthcare providers, including physicians or their clinics, dialysis centers, hospitals and pharmacies. In the United States, substantially all of our sales are to pharmaceutical wholesale distributors, which is the principal means of distributing our products to healthcare providers. We market certain products through channels, including print, television and online media. For further discussion, see Government Regulation— Regulation in the United States — Regulation of Product Marketing and Promotion . Outside the United States, we sell principally to healthcare providers and/or pharmaceutical wholesale distributors depending on the distribution practice in each country. Our product sales to three large wholesalers, McKesson Corporation, Cencora, Inc. and Cardinal Health, Inc., each individually accounted for more than 10% of total revenues for each of the years 2025, 2024 and 2023. On a combined basis, these wholesalers accounted for 77%, 77% and 79% of worldwide gross revenues for 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively. We monitor the financial condition of our larger customers and limit our credit exposure by setting credit limits and, in certain circumstances, by requiring letters of credit or obtaining credit insurance. 3 Our products are marketed around the world, with the United States as our largest market. The following chart shows our product sales by principal product, and the table below (dollar amounts in millions) shows product sales by geography for the years 2025, 2024 and 2023. 2025 2024 2023 Product Sales by Geography: U.S. $ 25,656 73 % $ 23,301 73 % $ 19,272 72 % ROW 9,492 27 % 8,725 27 % 7,638 28 % Total $ 35,148 100 % $ 32,026 100 % $ 26,910 100 % ____________ (1) TEPEZZA and KRYSTEXXA were acquired from our Horizon acquisition on October 6, 2023, and include product sales in the periods after the acquisition date. (2) Consists of product sales of our products. 4 Prolia We market Prolia in many countries around the world. Prolia and XGEVA contain the same active ingredient but are approved for different indications, patient populations, dose and frequency of administration. Prolia was launched in the United States and Europe in 2010. In the United States, it is used primarily in the indication for the treatment of postmenopausal women with osteoporosis at high risk of fracture and for treatment to increase bone mass in men with osteoporosis at high risk of fracture. In Europe, Prolia is used primarily for the treatment of osteoporosis in men and postmenopausal women at increased risk of fracture. Our patents for RANKL antibodies, including sequences, for Prolia expired in February 2025 in the United States and in November 2025 in select countries in Europe. Repatha We market Repatha, a PCSK9 inhibitor, in many countries around the world. Repatha was launched in 2015 and is indicated to reduce the risk of major adverse cardiovascular (CV) events (CV death, myocardial infarction, stroke, unstable angina requiring hospitalization, or coronary revascularization) in adults at increased risk for these events. Repatha is also indicated to reduce in adults with primary hyperlipidemia, including heterozygous familial hypercholesterolemia (HeFH). See Significant Developments for additional information regarding regulatory developments. Otezla We market Otezla, a small molecule that inhibits phosphodiesterase 4 (PDE4), in many countries around the world. Otezla was acquired from Bristol Myers Squibb Company in November 2019 after its acquisition of Celgene Corporation. Otezla is an oral therapy approved for the treatment of adults with plaque psoriasis across all severities (in the United States, Japan and Australia) and plaque psoriasis (in other global markets, including Europe); for adults with active psoriatic arthritis; for adults with oral ulcers associated with Behçet’s disease; and for pediatric patients six years of age and older and weighing at least 20 kilograms with plaque psoriasis who are candidates for phototherapy or systemic therapy. Otezla is also approved in Japan for the treatment of palmoplantar pustulosis (PPP). ENBREL We market ENBREL, a tumor necrosis factor blocker, in the United States and Canada. ENBREL was launched in 1998 and is used primarily in indications for the treatment of adult patients with active rheumatoid arthritis, patients with chronic plaque psoriasis who are candidates for systemic therapy or phototherapy and patients with active psoriatic arthritis. EVENITY Together with our collaboration partners, we market EVENITY in many countries around the world. EVENITY was launched in the United States and Japan in 2019. In the United States, it is used in the indication for the treatment of osteoporosis in postmenopausal women at high risk for fracture, defined as a history of osteoporotic fracture, or multiple risk factors for fracture; or patients who have failed or are intolerant to other available osteoporosis therapy. In Japan, EVENITY is used primarily in the indication for the treatment of osteoporosis in men and postmenopausal women at high risk of fracture. XGEVA We market XGEVA in many countries around the world. Prolia and XGEVA contain the same active ingredient but are approved for different indications, patient populations, dose and frequency of administration. XGEVA was launched in 2010 and is used primarily in the indication for prevention of events (pathological fracture, radiation to bone, spinal cord compression or surgery to bone) in patients with bone metastases from solid tumors and multiple myeloma. Our patents for RANKL antibodies, including sequences, for XGEVA expired in February 2025 in the United States and in November 2025 in select countries in Europe. TEPEZZA We market TEPEZZA for the treatment of TED in multiple countries globally, including the United States, Japan, Brazil, among others. TEPEZZA was acquired through our Horizon acquisition in October 2023. TEPEZZA is a fully human monoclonal antibody and a targeted inhibitor of the growth receptor ( ) that is the first and only approved medicine for the treatment of TED. See Significant Developments for additional information regarding regulatory developments. 5 BLINCYTO We market BLINCYTO in many countries around the world. BLINCYTO was launched in 2014 and has proven efficacy in a wide range of patients with CD19-positive B-cell acute lymphoblastic leukemia (B-ALL), including those who are MRD(–) or MRD(+) in frontline consolidation, and those with relapsed or refractory (R/R) disease. Acute lymphoblastic leukemia (ALL) is a cancer of the blood in which a particular kind of white blood cell is growing out of control. Nplate We market Nplate in many countries around the world. Nplate was launched in 2008 and is indicated to treat thrombocytopenia in patients with immune thrombocytopenia (ITP) who have had an insufficient response to corticosteroids, immunoglobulins or splenectomy. TEZSPIRE Together with our collaboration partner, we market TEZSPIRE in many countries around the world. TEZSPIRE is currently approved for the treatment of severe uncontrolled asthma (SUA) in the United States, Europe, Japan and more than 70 countries across the globe. In addition, TEZSPIRE is approved for chronic rhinosinusitis with nasal polyps (CRSwNP) in the United States, Europe and several additional countries. TEZSPIRE is a human monoclonal antibody that works on the primary source of inflammation: the airway epithelium, which is the first point of contact for viruses, allergens, pollutants and other environmental insults. See Significant Developments for additional information regarding regulatory developments. KYPROLIS We market KYPROLIS primarily in the United States and Europe. KYPROLIS was launched in 2012 and is indicated in combination with (i) dexamethasone, (ii) lenalidomide plus dexamethasone, (iii) daratumumab plus dexamethasone, (iv) daratumumab plus hyaluronidase-fihj plus dexamethasone, and (v) isatuximab plus dexamethasone for the treatment of patients with relapsed or refractory multiple myeloma who have received one to three prior lines of therapy. It is also approved as a single agent for patients with relapsed or refractory multiple myeloma who have received one or more previous therapies. Aranesp We market Aranesp primarily in the United States and Europe. Aranesp was launched in 2001 and is indicated to treat a number of red blood cells (anemia) caused by chronic kidney disease (CKD) in both patients on dialysis and patients not on dialysis. Aranesp is also indicated for anemia in certain patients with malignancies who are receiving concomitant myelosuppressive chemotherapy. KRYSTEXXA We market KRYSTEXXA in the United States. KRYSTEXXA was acquired through our Horizon acquisition in October 2023. KRYSTEXXA is the first and only medicine for the treatment of chronic refractory gout. Vectibix We market Vectibix in many countries around the world. Vectibix was launched in 2006 and is indicated for the treatment of patients with RAS metastatic colorectal cancer (mCRC, which is a cancer that has spread outside the colon and rectum) and in the United States, in combination with LUMAKRAS, for the treatment of adult patients with KRAS G12C-mutated mCRC, who have received prior fluoropyrimidine-, oxaliplatin- and chemotherapy. RAS status is determined by an test. Other Marketed Products We also market a number of other products in various markets worldwide, including but not limited to MVASI, PAVBLU, UPLIZNA, IMDELLTRA/IMDYLLTRA, AMJEVITA/AMGEVITA, TAVNEOS, Neulasta, LUMAKRAS/LUMYKRAS, RAVICTI, Parsabiv, Aimovig, WEZLANA/WEZENLA and PROCYSBI. 6 Patents The following table lists our outstanding material patents for the indicated product by territory, general subject matter and latest expiry date. Certain of the European patents are subjects of supplemental protection certificates that provide additional protection for the products in certain European countries beyond the dates listed in the table. See footnotes to the patent table below. One or more patents with the same or earlier expiry dates may fall under the same general subject matter and are not listed separately. Product Territory General subject matter Expiration Repatha ® (evolocumab) U.S. Antibodies 8/27/2029 U.S. Methods of treatment 5/10/2032 Europe Compositions (1) 8/22/2028 Europe Methods of treatment 5/10/2032 Europe Formulation 5/3/2033 Otezla ® /Otezla XR™ (apremilast) U.S. Compositions and compounds (2) 2/16/2028 U.S. Oral dosage forms for extended release and methods of treatment 5/27/2042 Enbrel ® (etanercept) U.S. Fusion protein and pharmaceutical compositions 11/22/2028 U.S. DNA encoding fusion protein and methods of making fusion protein 4/24/2029 U.S. Formulations and methods of preparing formulations 10/19/2037 U.S. Methods of treatment using formulations 2/22/2038 EVENITY ® (romosozumab-aqqg) U.S. Antibodies 4/25/2026 U.S. Formulation and methods of using formulation 5/11/2031 U.S. Methods of treatment 4/9/2033 Europe Antibodies (1) 4/28/2026 Europe Formulation and methods of using formulation 5/11/2031 Europe Methods of treatment 4/18/2032 TEPEZZA ® (teprotumumab-trbw) (3) U.S. antibodies 3/3/2029 U.S. Methods of treatment 12/11/2039 BLINCYTO ® (blinatumomab) U.S. Pharmaceutical compositions and bifunctional polypeptides 4/6/2030 U.S. Method of treatment 8/26/2031 Europe Bifunctional polypeptides (1) 11/26/2024 Europe Method of treatment 11/6/2029 Nplate ® (romiplostim) U.S. Formulation 2/12/2028 Europe Formulation 4/20/2027 TEZSPIRE ® (tezepelumab-ekko) U.S. Polypeptides 2/3/2034 U.S. Methods of treatment 8/23/2038 Europe Polypeptides (1) 9/9/2028 KYPROLIS ® (carfilzomib) U.S. Compositions and compounds (4) 12/7/2027 U.S. Methods of making 5/8/2033 Europe Compositions, compounds and methods of treatment (1) 12/7/2025 Europe Pharmaceutical compositions and methods of making 5/8/2033 KRYSTEXXA ® (pegloticase) U.S. Polypeptides and pharmaceutical compositions 4/11/2026 U.S. Methods of treatment, including combination therapy 10/5/2040 UPLIZNA ® (inebilizumab-cdon) U.S. CD19 antibodies and pharmaceutical compositions 6/11/2034 Europe CD19 antibodies, pharmaceutical compositions and methods of treatment (1) 9/7/2027 IMDELLTRA ® ( )/IMDYLLTRA™ (tarlatamab) U.S. Bifunctional polypeptides (5) 8/12/2036 Europe Bifunctional polypeptides 8/1/2036 TAVNEOS ® (avacopan) U.S. Compounds and pharmaceutical compositions 1/6/2034 U.S. Formulations 11/27/2039 U.S. Amorphous forms and pharmaceutical compositions and uses thereof 11/27/2039 Europe Compounds, pharmaceutical compositions, and methods of treatment (1) 12/21/2029 Europe Formulations 11/27/2039 LUMAKRAS ® /LUMYKRAS™ (sotorasib) U.S. Compounds and pharmaceutical compositions 5/21/2038 U.S. Crystalline form, pharmaceutical compositions and methods of treatment 5/20/2040 U.S. Methods of treatment 9/15/2040 Europe Compounds, pharmaceutical compositions and methods of treatment 5/21/2038 7 Product Territory General subject matter Expiration Parsabiv ® (etelcalcetide) U.S. Compound and pharmaceutical composition 2/7/2031 U.S. Formulation 6/27/2034 U.S. Methods of making 8/9/2035 Europe Compound and pharmaceutical composition (1) 7/29/2030 Europe Formulation 6/27/2034 Europe Methods of making 4/3/2035 Aimovig ® ( ) U.S. Polynucleotides encoding CGRP receptor antibodies and methods of making antibodies 12/11/2031 U.S. CGRP receptor antibodies 5/17/2032 U.S. Methods of treatment 4/22/2036 U.S. Compositions and pharmaceutical formulations 4/1/2039 Europe CGRP receptor antibodies (1) 12/18/2029 Europe Methods of treatment 8/10/2035 (1) A European patent with this subject matter may also be entitled to supplemental protection in one or more countries in Europe, and the length of any such extension will vary by country. For example, supplementary protection certificates have been issued related to the indicated products for patents in at least the following countries: • evolocumab — France, Italy, Spain and the United Kingdom, expiring in 2031 • romosozumab — France, Germany, Italy, Spain and the United Kingdom, expiring in 2031 • blinatumomab — France, Germany, Italy, Spain and the United Kingdom, expiring in 2029 • tezepelumab — France, Italy and Spain, expiring in 2033 • carfilzomib — France, Germany, Italy, Spain and the United Kingdom, expiring in 2030 • inebilizumab — France, Germany, Italy and Spain, expiring in 2032 • avacopan — France, Italy, Spain and the United Kingdom, expiring in 2034 • etelcalcetide — France, Germany, Italy, Spain and the United Kingdom, expiring in 2031 • erenumab — France, Germany, Italy, Spain and the United Kingdom, expiring in 2033 (2) Pediatric exclusivity granted to August 16, 2028 for a patent with this subject matter. (3) We have biologic exclusivity in the United States and regulatory exclusivity in Europe covering teprotumumab-trbw that will expire in 2032 and 2035, respectively. (4) Pediatric exclusivity granted to June 7, 2028 for a patent with this subject matter. (5) A patent with this subject matter may be entitled to patent term extension in the United States. 8 Competition We operate in a highly competitive environment. A number of our marketed products are indicated for disease areas in which other products or treatments are currently available or are being pursued by our competitors through R&D activities. Additionally, some products target the same genetic pathways as our recently launched marketed products or product candidates. This competition could impact the pricing and market share of our products. We continue to pursue ways of increasing the value of our medicines through innovations, which can include expanding the disease areas for which our products are indicated and finding new methods to make the delivery or manufacture of our medicines easier and less costly. Such activities can offer important opportunities for differentiation. We plan to continue pursuing innovation efforts to strengthen our competitive position. Such position may be based on, among other things, safety, efficacy, reliability, availability, patient convenience, delivery devices, price, reimbursement, access to and timing of market entry and patent position and expiration. Certain of the existing patents on our principal products have expired, and we face new and increasing competition, including from biosimilars and generics. A biosimilar is another version of a biological product for which marketing approval is sought or has been obtained based on a demonstration that it is “highly similar” to the original reference product. We have experienced adverse effects from biosimilar competition on our originator product sales. Companies have launched versions of EPOGEN, NEUPOGEN, Neulasta and ENBREL (Canada only) with U.S. ENBREL biosimilars approved but not launched. Once multiple biosimilar versions of one of our originator products have launched, competition intensifies rapidly, resulting in accelerated net price declines for both the reference and the biosimilar products. For example, our patents for RANKL antibodies, including sequences, for Prolia and XGEVA expired in February 2025 in the United States and in November 2025 in select countries in Europe, and we expect accelerated sales erosion driven by increased competition, as multiple biosimilars have launched in the United States and ROW. See also Government Regulation— Regulation in the United States — Approval of Biosimilars . We also have our own biosimilar products both in the United States and ROW that are competing against branded and biosimilar versions of our competitors’ products. Since 2018, we have launched eight biosimilars, including the 2025 U.S. launches of WEZLANA, a biosimilar to STELARA ® , and BKEMV, a biosimilar to SOLIRIS ® . We expect additional biosimilar competition against both our branded and biosimilar products in the future across markets. Although biosimilars compete on price, we believe many patients, providers and payers will continue to place high value on the reputation, supply reliability and safety of our products. As additional biosimilar competitors come to market, we will continue to leverage our global experience to distinguish against both branded and biosimilar competitors. Although most of our products are biologics, some are small molecule products, including Otezla, KYPROLIS and LUMAKRAS/LUMYKRAS. Because the FDA approval process permits generic manufacturers to rely on the safety and efficacy data of the innovator product rather than having to conduct their own costly and clinical trials, generic manufacturers can often develop and market their competing versions of our small molecule products at much lower prices. For example, following loss of exclusivity of patents directed to cinacalcet, the active ingredient in our small molecule calcimimetic Sensipar, we lost a significant share of the market and corresponding revenues in a very short period of time. The introduction of new products, the development of new processes or technologies by competitors or the emergence of new information about existing products may result in (i) increased competition for our marketed products, even for those protected by patents and/or (ii) reductions in the prices we receive from selling our products. In addition, the development of new treatment options or standards of care may reduce the use of our products or may limit the utility and application of ongoing clinical trials of our product candidates. (As used in this document, the term clinical trials may include prospective clinical trials, observational studies, registries and other studies.) See Item 1A. Risk Factors— Our products face substantial competition and our product candidates are also likely to face substantial competition and Item 1A. Risk Factors— We currently face competition from biosimilars and generics and expect to face increasing competition from biosimilars and generics in the future . 9 The following table reflects our significant competitors for our principal products and is not exhaustive. Product Territory product Competitors Prolia U.S., Europe & Asia Pacific Bisphosphonates, including generics Various U.S., Europe & Asia Pacific Denosumab biosimilars Various Repatha U.S., Europe & Asia Pacific LEQVIO ® Novartis AG U.S., Europe & Asia Pacific PRALUENT ® Regeneron Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Sanofi Otezla U.S. & Europe Skyrizi ® AbbVie Inc. U.S. & Europe Taltz ® Eli Lilly and Company U.S. & Europe Tremfya ® Johnson & Johnson Innovative Medicine (1) U.S. & Europe HUMIRA ® (2) AbbVie Inc. U.S. & Europe Cosentyx ® Novartis AG U.S. & Europe SOTYKTU ® Bristol Myers Squibb Company U.S. & Europe Topical products Various ENBREL U.S. HUMIRA ® (2) AbbVie Inc. U.S. RINVOQ ® AbbVie Inc. U.S. ORENCIA ® Bristol Myers Squibb Company U.S. Xeljanz ® Pfizer Inc. U.S. Cosentyx ® Novartis AG Canada Etanercept biosimilars Various EVENITY U.S. Bisphosphonates, including generics Various Japan Teribone ™ Asahi Kasei Pharma XGEVA U.S. & Europe Zoledronate generics Various U.S., Europe & Asia Pacific Denosumab biosimilars Various BLINCYTO U.S. & Europe BESPONSA ® Pfizer Inc. U.S. & Europe Chemotherapy regimen Various Nplate U.S. & Europe PROMACTA ® /REVOLADE ™ Novartis AG TEZSPIRE U.S. DUPIXENT ® Regeneron Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Sanofi U.S. FASENRA ® AstraZeneca U.S. NUCALA ® GSK plc. U.S. XOLAIR ® Genentech, Inc. Novartis AG KYPROLIS U.S. & Europe DARZALEX ® Johnson & Johnson Innovative Medicine (1) U.S. & Europe POMALYST ® /IMNOVID ® Celgene Corporation (3) U.S. & Europe REVLIMID ® (4) Various U.S. VELCADE ® Takeda Oncology (5) U.S. CARVYKTI ® Johnson & Johnson Innovative Medicine (1) Legend Biotech Aranesp U.S. PROCRIT ® (6) Johnson & Johnson Innovative Medicine (1) U.S. & Europe Epoetin alfa biosimilars Various 10 Vectibix U.S. & Europe Avastin ® F. Roche Ltd. (Roche) U.S. & Europe ERBITUX ® Eli Lilly and Company Merck KGaA U.S. KEYTRUDA ® Merck & Co., Inc. U.S. & Europe Chemotherapy regimen Various (1) A subsidiary of Johnson & Johnson. (2) Approved biosimilars for HUMIRA ® available. (3) A subsidiary of Squibb Company. (4) REVLIMID ® also includes generics. (5) A subsidiary of Takeda Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (6) PROCRIT ® competes with Aranesp in supportive cancer care and predialysis settings. TEPEZZA and KRYSTEXXA currently do not face any direct competitors in the United States, Europe or Japan. TEPEZZA faces competition from other therapies, such as corticosteroids, which have been used on an basis to alleviate some of the symptoms of TED. TEPEZZA and KRYSTEXXA may face competition from competitor medicines currently in clinical trials. See TEPEZZA and KRYSTEXXA sections above and Government Regulation— Regulation of Orphan Medicines. Reimbursement Sales of our products are dependent on the availability and extent of coverage and reimbursement from payers. In many markets around the world, these payers, including government health systems, private health insurers and other organizations, remain focused on reducing the cost of healthcare; and their efforts have intensified, in part, as a result of uncertain macroeconomic conditions, rising healthcare costs and pressures on healthcare budgets. Drugs remain heavily scrutinized for cost containment. As a result, payers have been and continue to be more restrictive regarding the use of biopharmaceutical products and are scrutinizing the prices of these products while requiring a higher level of clinical evidence to support the benefits such products bring to patients and the broader healthcare system. For example, as discussed below, payers are increasingly using stricter utilization management criteria, such as prior authorization and step therapy, to contain or reduce costs. These pressures become intensified when our products become subject to competition, including from biosimilars. In the United States, healthcare providers and other entities such as pharmacies and PBMs are reimbursed for covered services and products they deliver through both and government healthcare programs such as Medicare and Medicaid. We provide negotiated rebates or discounts to healthcare providers, private payers, government payers and PBMs. In addition, we are required to (i) provide rebates or discounts on our products that are reimbursed through certain government programs, including Medicare and Medicaid, and (ii) provide discounts to qualifying healthcare providers under the 340B Program. There has been an increase in the number of entities participating in the 340B Program and in the volume of our medicines dispensed through 340B channels. As a result, this expanded utilization of the 340B Program has had a negative impact on the Company’s financial performance. Both private and some government payers use formularies to manage access to and utilization of drugs. A drug’s inclusion and favorable positioning on a formulary are essential to ensure patients have full access to a particular drug. Even when access is available, some patients abandon their prescriptions for economic reasons. Payers continue to institute cost reduction and containment measures that lower drug utilization and/or spending altogether and/or shift a greater portion of the costs to patients. Such measures include, but are not limited to, benefit plan designs, higher patient or coinsurance obligations, limitations on patients’ use of commercial manufacturer payment assistance programs (including through accumulator adjustment or maximization programs), stricter utilization management criteria (such as prior authorization and step therapy) before a patient may get access to a drug, formulary placement that increases the level of patient costs and formulary exclusion, which effectively encourages patients and providers to seek alternative treatments or pay 100% of the cost of a drug. The use of such measures by PBMs and insurers has continued to intensify and has thereby limited Amgen product usage and sales. Furthermore, in the United States, the top six integrated health plans and PBMs controlled about 89% of all pharmacy prescriptions. As a result, PBMs and insurers have greater market power and negotiating leverage to mandate stricter utilization criteria and/or exclude drugs from their formularies in favor of competitor drugs or alternative treatments. In highly competitive treatment markets such as the markets for ENBREL, Otezla, Repatha and 11 Aimovig, PBMs are also able to exert negotiating leverage by requiring incremental rebates from manufacturers in order for them to gain and/or maintain their formulary position. In addition to market actions taken by private and government payers in the United States, policy makers in both of the major U.S. political parties have supported policies to lower drug costs. See Item 1A. Risk Factors— Our sales depend on coverage and reimbursement from government and commercial payers, and pricing and reimbursement pressures have affected, and are likely to continue to affect, our profitability . For example, in 2022, the IRA was enacted and includes provisions requiring that beginning in 2026, mandatory price setting be introduced in Medicare for certain drugs paid for under Parts B and D, whereby manufacturers must accept a price established by the government or face penalties on all U.S. sales (starting with 10 drugs effective January 1, 2026, adding 15 in 2027 and 2028, and adding 20 in 2029 and subsequent years such that by 2031 approximately 100 drugs would be subject to such set prices). CMS has set Medicare Part D prices for ENBREL, effective January 1, 2026, and Otezla, effective January 1, 2027, in each case at significantly lower prices that are expected to negatively impact their profitability in Medicare. See Part IV—Note 13, Goodwill and other intangible assets, to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information related to the Otezla intangible asset impairment charges. Also under the IRA, starting on January 1, 2024, Medicare Part D was redesigned to cap beneficiary costs and reduce Federal reinsurance in the catastrophic phase, increasing obligations for Part D plans and manufacturers, including by requiring manufacturer discounts. Further, the IRA created a mechanism for CMS to collect rebates from manufacturers if Medicare price increases outpace inflation. We began to accrue for rebate obligations on October 1, 2022 for Medicare Part D and on January 1, 2023 for Medicare Part B. In addition to the IRA, other proposed U.S. policy actions focus on drug pricing, including the Prescription Drug Pricing Executive Order (MFN EO) that is aimed at using price benchmarks from other developed countries to set U.S. pricing targets, and the July MFN Letter that was delivered to a number of pharmaceutical companies, including Amgen. The July MFN Letter called for drug manufacturers to: 1) extend MFN pricing to Medicaid; 2) guarantee MFN pricing to Medicaid, Medicare and commercial payers on all newly launched drugs; 3) use future increased revenues from outside the U.S. to lower U.S. drug prices; and 4) participate in models to provide MFN pricing for certain drugs. In December 2025, we announced that we are taking actions that satisfy the components outlined in the July MFN Letter, including the Administration’s MFN pricing requests. We also announced the expansion of our program, AmgenNow TM , to include Aimovig and AMJEVITA, supplementing our existing offering of Repatha, all of which are available through AmgenNow TM and are expected to be available through TrumpRx following the platform’s launch. See Item 1A. Risk Factors— Our sales depend on coverage and reimbursement from government and commercial payers, and pricing and reimbursement pressures have affected, and are likely to continue to affect, our profitability . Other potential policies cover a wide range of areas, including allowing the importation of drugs from other countries; increasing transparency in drug pricing; using value assessments to determine drug prices; referencing foreign prices; and changes to government rebate programs. For example, on January 5, 2024, the FDA authorized Florida to move forward with its importation program proposal, which excludes biologics. Further, at the state level, eight states (Colorado, Maine, Maryland, Minnesota, New Hampshire, New Jersey, Oregon and Washington) have enacted laws that establish PDABs to identify drugs that pose affordability challenges, and in four states (Colorado, Maryland, Minnesota and Washington) include authority for the state PDAB to set upper payment limits on certain drugs for patients, payers and providers. In many countries outside the United States, healthcare systems are the main payers for drugs and biologics. Governments and payers are using a range of tools to drive prices down, including mandatory price controls, international reference pricing, therapeutic-reference pricing, higher rebates, incentives for generics and biosimilars, and mandated price cuts. Pricing and reimbursement reforms under consideration in the United States—including proposals to expand government negotiation and increase payer leverage—may further amplify global pricing pressures, as many countries reference or react to U.S. pricing dynamics. Health technology assessment bodies increasingly evaluate the added benefit of new therapies, and these judgments shape reimbursement levels and coverage terms. Many countries also narrow coverage relative to product labels or impose volume caps to limit use. We expect governments to continue taking aggressive steps to reduce spending on drugs and biologics, and fiscal constraints may limit willingness to approve or provide access to innovative therapies and new technologies. Potential EU pharmaceutical legislation may also influence pricing and reimbursement frameworks, which could affect patient access. The dynamics and developments discussed above create pressures on the pricing and potential usage of our products and on the industry. Given the diverse interests in play between payers, biopharmaceutical manufacturers, policy makers, healthcare providers and independent organizations, if and whether the parties involved can achieve alignment on the matters discussed above remain unclear, and the outcome of any such alignment is difficult to predict. We remain focused on pricing our products responsibly and delivering breakthrough treatments for unmet medical needs. Amgen is committed to working with the entire healthcare community to ensure continued innovation and to facilitate patient access to needed medicines. We do this by: • investing billions of dollars annually in R&D; 12 • pricing our medicines to reflect the value they provide; • developing more affordable therapeutic choices in the form of and reliably supplied biosimilars; • partnering with payers to share risk and accountability for health outcomes; • providing patient support and education programs; • expanding patient access to our medicines, including through channels; • continuing to deliver a reliable supply of medicines through our additional investments in U.S. manufacturing; • helping patients in financial need access our medicines; and • working with policy makers, patients and other stakeholders to establish a sustainable healthcare system with access to affordable care and in which patients and their healthcare professionals are the primary decision makers. See Item 1A. Risk Factors— Our sales depend on coverage and reimbursement from government and commercial payers, and pricing and reimbursement pressures have affected, and are likely to continue to affect, our profitability and Item 1A. Risk Factors— Guidelines and recommendations published by various organizations can reduce the use of our products. Manufacturing, Distribution and Raw Materials Manufacturing We believe we are a leader in the manufacture of biologics and that our manufacturing capabilities represent a competitive advantage. The products we manufacture consist of both biologics and small molecule drugs. The majority of our products are biologics that are produced in living cells and that are inherently complex due to naturally occurring molecular variations. Highly specialized knowledge and extensive process and product characterization are required to transform processes into reproducible commercial manufacturing processes. Further, our expertise in the manufacture of biologics has positioned us well for leadership in the global biosimilars market. For additional information regarding manufacturing facilities, see Item 2. Properties. We are expanding our manufacturing capacity and incorporating technologies to allow us to optimize our manufacturing network and mitigate risks while working to continue to ensure adequate supply of our products to patients worldwide. See Manufacturing Initiatives below for additional discussion of our manufacturing expansion efforts. Our new biomanufacturing facilities, including our facility in North Carolina and facility in Ohio, have been constructed at a lower cost and with greater speed as compared to traditional facilities. For example, our facility in North Carolina has equipment that is portable and smaller, which provides greater flexibility and speed in the manufacture of different medicines simultaneously, allowing us to respond to changing demands for our medicines with increased scale and agility. Furthermore, such facilities incorporate multiple innovative technologies, automation solutions and environmental sustainability, thus requiring smaller manufacturing footprints and offering greater environmental benefits, including reduced consumption of water and energy and lower levels of carbon emissions. For example, our facility in North Carolina and our facility in Ohio contain many examples of environmental commitments, including photovoltaic renewable energy generation at both sites. We expect our North Carolina facility’s carbon footprint, water usage and waste disposed to be substantially lower than that of a traditional drug substance manufacturing facility. Similarly, we expect lower carbon footprint, water usage and waste disposed per unit at our Ohio facility as compared to traditional packaging and assembly facilities. Our internal manufacturing network has commercial production capabilities for bulk manufacturing, formulation, fill, finish, tableting and final device assembly. These activities are performed within the United States, including in the U.S. territory of Puerto Rico, Rhode Island, Ohio and California facilities, as well as internationally in our Ireland, Netherlands and Singapore facilities. In addition, we use contract manufacturers to supplement the capacity or capability of our commercial manufacturing network. To support our clinical trials, we manufacture product candidates primarily at our California facilities. We also use contract manufacturers, including contract manufacturers that were added to our clinical manufacturing network from the Horizon acquisition, to supplement the capacity or capability of our overall clinical manufacturing network. See Item 1A. Risk Factors for a discussion of the factors that could adversely impact our manufacturing expansion operations and the global supply of our products. 13 Distribution We operate distribution centers in the U.S. territory of Puerto Rico, Kentucky, California and the Netherlands for worldwide distribution of the majority of our commercial and clinical products. We also use distributors to supplement distribution of our products worldwide. Other In addition to the manufacturing and distribution activities noted above, each of our manufacturing locations includes key manufacturing support functions such as quality control, process development, engineering, procurement, production scheduling and warehousing. Certain of those manufacturing and distribution activities are highly regulated by the FDA as well as international regulatory agencies. See Government Regulation— Regulation in the United States — Regulation of Manufacturing Standards . Manufacturing Initiatives As discussed above, we are expanding our capacity and advancing new innovations to support anticipated patient demand for our current and future products. In January 2025, we opened our Holly Springs, North Carolina site, a drug substance facility. Upon FDA approval, this facility will increase our biologics manufacturing capacity. Also in January 2025, we broke ground on a second drug substance manufacturing facility at this location. This second facility will incorporate technologies and sustainable practices. The result is a more flexible and efficient facility, with a smaller physical footprint, reduced consumption of water and energy, and lower levels of carbon emissions than a traditional facility. Additionally, in 2025 we announced expansions of our manufacturing network in New Albany, Ohio and the U.S. territory of Puerto Rico, further strengthening our U.S.-based manufacturing capabilities. Our Ohio expansion builds on our existing biomanufacturing facility, which received FDA licensure for commercial production in January 2024 and supports final product assembly and packaging using technologies and automation. These expansion initiatives further enhance our manufacturing network to support reliable and efficient supply of our medicines to patients worldwide. We continue evaluating our manufacturing network to ensure we maintain appropriate levels of operational flexibility and risk management needed to support our global operations. Numerous tariffs and trade protection measures have been proposed and, in some cases, implemented by the United States and other countries. We continue to evaluate our global supply chains, sourcing strategies and manufacturing network and to implement measures to minimize the impact of existing and potential future tariffs. See Item 1A. Risk factors— Our sales and operations are subject to the risks of doing business internationally, including in new or emerging markets , and Part II—Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Overview. See Item 1A. Risk Factors— Manufacturing difficulties, disruptions or delays could limit supply of our products and limit our product sales . Raw Materials and Medical Devices Certain raw materials, medical devices (including companion diagnostics) and components necessary for the commercial and/or clinical manufacturing of our products are provided by and are the proprietary products of unaffiliated suppliers, certain of which may be our only source for such materials. We work to manage the risk associated with such sole suppliers by means of inventory management, relationship management and evaluation of alternative sources when feasible. We also monitor the financial condition and manufacturing quality and compliance of key suppliers and their ability to supply our needs. See Item 1A. Risk Factors— We rely on suppliers for certain of our raw materials, medical devices and components. We perform various procedures to help authenticate the sources of raw materials, including intermediary materials used in the manufacture of our products; the procedures are incorporated into the manufacturing processes we and our contract manufacturers perform and include verification of country of origin. To better ensure supply, Amgen has a risk mitigation strategy that uses a combination of methods, including multiple sources or backup inventory of critical raw materials. As part of our ongoing business continuity efforts, we continue to closely monitor our inventory levels and have taken additional measures to mitigate against raw material supply interruption. We also continue to assess the potential impacts of existing and proposed tariffs on our raw material and medical device supply chains and implement sourcing and inventory strategies intended to minimize the impacts from existing and potential future tariffs. See 14 Item 1A. Risk Factors for a discussion of the factors that could adversely impact our manufacturing operations and the global supply of our products. Government Regulation Regulation by government authorities in the United States and other countries is a significant factor in the production and marketing of our products and our ongoing R&D activities. To clinically test, manufacture and market products for therapeutic use, we must satisfy mandatory procedures and safety and effectiveness standards established by various regulatory bodies. Compliance with these standards is complex, and failure to comply with any of these standards can result in significant implications. See Item 1A. Risk Factors for a discussion of factors, including global regulatory implications, that can adversely impact our development and marketing of commercial products. Regulation in the United States In the United States, the Public Health Service Act; the FDCA; and the regulations promulgated thereunder as well as other federal and state statutes and regulations govern, among other things, the production, research, development, testing, manufacture, quality control, labeling, storage, record keeping, approval, advertising, promotion and distribution of our products in addition to the reporting of certain payments and other transfers of value to healthcare professionals and teaching hospitals. Clinical Development and Product Approval. Drug development in our industry is complex, challenging and risky, and failure rates are high. Product development cycles are typically very long—approximately 10 to 15 years from discovery to market. A potential new medicine must undergo many years of preclinical and clinical testing to establish its safety and efficacy for use in humans at appropriate dosing levels and with an acceptable risk–benefit profile. We continue to work toward reducing cycle times by applying our expertise in human genetics and innovation in technology, clinical trials and evidence. See Research and Development and Selected Product Candidates section below. After laboratory analysis and preclinical testing in animals, we file an IND with the FDA to begin human testing. Typically, we undertake an human clinical testing program. • In Phase 1, we conduct small clinical trials to investigate the safety and proper dose ranges of our product candidates in a small number of human subjects. • In Phase 2, we conduct clinical trials to investigate profiles and the efficacy of our product candidates in a patient population larger than Phase 1 but still relatively small, who have the disease or condition under study. • In Phase 3, we conduct clinical trials to investigate the short- and safety and efficacy of our product candidates, compared to commonly used treatments, in a large number of patients who have the disease or condition under study. The FDA monitors the progress of each trial conducted under an IND and may, at its discretion, reevaluate, alter, suspend or terminate the testing based on data accumulated to that point and the FDA’s risk–benefit assessment with regard to the patients enrolled in the trial. The results of preclinical and clinical trials are submitted to the FDA in the form of either a BLA for biologic products or a New Drug Application for small molecule products. We are not permitted to market or promote a new product until the FDA has approved our marketing application. Approval of Biosimilars . The Affordable Care Act authorized the FDA to approve biosimilars via a separate, abbreviated pathway. The pathway allows sponsors of a biosimilar to seek and obtain regulatory approval based in part on the nonclinical-trial and data of an originator product to which the biosimilar has been demonstrated to be “highly similar” and to have no clinically meaningful differences with regard to safety, purity and potency. The relevance of demonstrating “similarity” is that in many cases, biosimilars can be brought to market without conducting the full suite of clinical trials typically required of originators, because risk–benefit has previously been established. To preserve incentives for future innovation, the law establishes a period of exclusivity for originators’ products, which in general prohibits biosimilars from gaining FDA approval based in part on reliance on or reference to the originator’s data in their application to the FDA for 12 years after initial FDA approval of the originator product. The law does not change the duration of patents granted on biologic products. As part of the implementation of the abbreviated approval pathway for biosimilars, the FDA released a number of guidance documents, some of which remain in draft form. See Item 1A. Risk Factors— We currently face competition from biosimilars and generics and expect to face increasing competition from biosimilars and generics in the future . 15 Regulation of Product Marketing and Promotion . The FDA regulates the marketing and promotion of drug products. Our product promotions for approved product indications must comply with the statutory standards of the FDCA and the FDA’s implemented regulations and guidance. The FDA’s review of marketing and promotional activities encompasses but is not limited to advertising, advertising and promotion, sales representative communications to healthcare professionals, promotional programming and promotional activities involving electronic media. The FDA may also review scientific and educational activities that make representations regarding product safety or efficacy in a promotional context. The FDA may take enforcement action against a company for violations of the FDA’s advertising and labeling laws and regulations. Enforcement action may include product seizures, injunctions, civil or criminal penalties or regulatory letters, which may require corrective advertising or other corrective communications to healthcare professionals. Failure to comply with the FDA’s regulations also can result in adverse publicity or increased scrutiny of company activities by the U.S. Congress or other legislators. Additionally, as described below, such failure may lead to additional liability under U.S. healthcare fraud and abuse laws. Regulation of Manufacturing Standards . The FDA regulates and inspects the equipment, facilities, laboratories and processes used in the manufacturing and testing of products prior to granting approval to market products. If, after receiving approval from the FDA, we make a material change in manufacturing equipment, location or process, additional regulatory review may be required. We also must adhere to current Good Manufacturing Practice regulations and regulations enforced by the FDA through its facilities inspection program. The FDA conducts regular, periodic visits to reinspect our equipment, facilities, laboratories and processes following an initial approval. Regulation of Combination Products . Combination products are defined by the FDA as products composed of two or more regulated components (e.g., a biologic and/or drug and a device). Biologics/drugs and devices each have their own regulatory requirements, and combination products may have additional requirements. A number of our marketed products meet this definition and are regulated under this framework, and we expect that a number of our pipeline product candidates will be evaluated for regulatory approval under this framework as well. Regulation of Orphan Medicines. Orphan drugs are defined by the FDA as products intended to treat a rare disease or condition that affects less than 200,000 persons in the United States. A company must request orphan drug designation prior to filing, and if the product is ultimately approved for the designated rare disease or condition, it may qualify for seven years of orphan drug exclusivity during which the FDA will not approve another sponsor’s marketing application for the same drug for the same indication. Orphan drug exclusivity will not bar approval of another medicine for the same indication if it is shown to be clinically superior. In the United States, a number of our products, including products such as BLINCYTO and UPLIZNA, have orphan drug exclusivity under this framework for specific indications. Regulation Outside the United States In EU countries as well as in the United Kingdom, Switzerland, Canada, Australia and Japan, regulatory requirements and approval processes are similar in principle to those in the United States. In the EU, there are currently two potential tracks for seeking marketing approval for a product not authorized in any EU member state: a decentralized procedure and a centralized procedure. In the decentralized procedure , identical applications for marketing authorization are submitted simultaneously to the national regulatory agencies. Regulatory review is led by one member state (the state), and its assessment—based on safety, quality and efficacy—is reviewed and approved (assuming there are no concerns that the product poses a serious risk to public health) by the other member states from which the applicant is seeking approval (the states). The decentralized procedure leads to a series of single national approvals in all relevant countries. In the centralized procedure , which is required of all products derived from biotechnology, a company submits a single MAA to the EMA, which conducts an evaluation of the dossier, drawing upon its scientific resources across Europe. If the drug product is proven to fulfill requirements for quality, safety and efficacy, the EMA’s CHMP adopts a positive opinion, which is transmitted to the EC for final decision on granting of the marketing authorization. Even though the EC generally follows the CHMP’s opinion, it is not bound to do so. Subsequent commercialization is enabled by reimbursement approval. In the EU, biosimilars are approved under a specialized pathway of the centralized procedure. As with the U.S. pathway, an applicant seeks and obtains regulatory approval for a biosimilar once the data exclusivity period for the original reference product has expired, relying, in part, on the data submitted for the originator product together with data evidencing that the biosimilar is “highly similar” with regard to quality, safety and efficacy to the original reference product authorized in the European Economic Area. See Item 1A. Risk Factors— We currently face competition from biosimilars and generics and expect to face increasing competition from biosimilars and generics in the future . 16 In the EU, Regulation (EC) No 141/2000, as implemented by Regulation (EC) No. 847/2000, provides that a medicine can be designated as an orphan medicinal product by the EC if its sponsor can establish that: (i) the product is intended for the diagnosis, prevention or treatment of or chronically debilitating conditions; (ii) either (a) such conditions affect not more than 5 in 10,000 persons in the EU when the application is made, or (b) the product without the benefits derived from orphan status, would not generate sufficient return in the EU to justify the necessary investment in developing the medicinal product; and (iii) there exists no satisfactory authorized method of diagnosis, prevention, or treatment of the condition that has been authorized in the EU, or even if such method exists, the product will be of significant benefit to those affected by that condition. An application for the designation of a medicinal product as an orphan medicinal product may be submitted at any stage of development of the medicinal product but before the filing of an MAA. A marketing authorization for an orphan medicinal product may only include indications designated as orphan. For indications treated with the same active pharmaceutical ingredient, a separate marketing authorization has to be sought. Approved orphan drugs in the EU receive 10 years of market exclusivity for the approved indication in all EU member states. We currently have orphan medicinal product designation for BLINCYTO in the EU and may seek medicinal product designation for a number of our products in the future. Other countries such as those in Latin America and the Middle East have review processes and data requirements similar to those of the EU and in some cases can rely on prior marketing approval from U.S. or EU regulatory authorities. The regulatory process in these countries may include manufacturing/testing facility inspections, testing of drug product upon importation and other domestic requirements. In Asia Pacific, a number of countries such as China, Japan, South Korea and Taiwan may require local data for bridging purposes as part of the drug registration process in addition to global clinical trials, which can add to overall drug development and registration timelines. In many Asian markets, registration timelines may be influenced by prior marketing approvals in reference jurisdictions (e.g. the United States or the EU). In some markets in Asia, such as China, Indonesia and Thailand, regulatory timelines can be more variable. The regulatory process may also include manufacturing/testing facility inspections, testing of drug product upon importation and other domestic requirements. Countries such as Australia and Japan have more mature regulatory systems which may allow for submissions under comparatively more predictable time frames. With regard to biosimilars, several of these countries have pathways to register biosimilars (e.g., Australia, India, Singapore, South Korea and Taiwan), and biosimilar products in market (e.g., Australia, Japan, South Korea and Taiwan). In some countries, such as Japan and those in the EU, medical devices may be subject to regulatory regimes whereby manufacturers must establish that their medical devices conform to essential requirements set out in the law for the particular device category. For example, in the EU, with limited exceptions, medical devices placed on the market must bear the Conformité Européenne marking to indicate their conformity with legal requirements. Phase After approval, we continue to monitor adverse events and product complaints reported following the use of our products through routine postmarketing surveillance and studies when applicable. We report such events to the appropriate regulatory agencies as required by local regulations for individual cases and aggregate reports. We proactively monitor (according to good pharmacovigilance practices) and ensure the implementation of signal detection, assessment and the communication of adverse events that may be associated with the use of our products. We also proactively monitor product complaints through our quality systems, which includes assessing our drug delivery devices for device complaints, adverse events and malfunctions. We may also be required by regulatory agencies to conduct further clinical trials on our marketed products as a condition of their approval or to provide additional information on safety and efficacy. Health regulators, including the FDA, have authority to mandate labeling changes to products at any point based on new safety information or as part of an evolving label change to a particular class of products. Health regulators, including the FDA, also have authority both before and after approval to require that a company implement a risk management program for a product to ensure that the benefits of the drug outweigh the risks. Each risk management program is unique and varies depending on the specific factors required. In the United States, such a risk management program is known as a REMS, and we currently have REMSs for Prolia, Nplate and BLINCYTO. Other Regulation We are also subject to various laws pertaining to healthcare fraud and abuse, including antikickback laws and laws. Antikickback laws make it illegal to solicit, offer, receive or pay any remuneration in exchange for or to induce the referral of business, including the purchase or prescribing of a particular drug that is reimbursed by a state or federal program. laws prohibit knowingly and willingly presenting, or causing to be presented, for payment to payers (including Medicare and Medicaid) any claims for reimbursed drugs or services that are false or fraudulent, claims for items or services not provided as claimed, or claims for medically unnecessary items or services. Violations of fraud and abuse laws may be punishable by criminal and/or civil sanctions, including fines and civil monetary penalties, as well as by the possibility 17 of exclusion from federal healthcare programs (including Medicare and Medicaid). Liability under laws may also arise when violation of certain laws or regulations related to the underlying product (e.g., a violation regarding improper promotional activity or unlawful payments) contributes to the submission of a false claim. See Item 1A. Risk Factors— Our business may be affected by litigation and government investigations . The FCPA prohibits U.S. corporations and their representatives from offering, promising, authorizing or making payments to any foreign government official, government staff member, political party or political candidate in an attempt to obtain or retain business abroad. The scope of the FCPA arguably includes interactions with certain healthcare professionals in many countries. Other countries have enacted similar anticorruption laws and/or regulations. Failure by our employees, agents, contractors, vendors, licensees, partners or collaborators to comply with the FCPA and other anticorruption laws and/or regulations could result in significant civil or criminal penalties. We are subject to various laws and regulations globally with regard to privacy and data protection. These laws and regulations involve the collection, storage, handling, use, disclosure, transfer and security of personal data. The legislative and regulatory environments regarding privacy and data protection are continually evolving and developing because these issues are subjects of increasing amounts of attention in countries globally. For example, we are subject to the EU’s GDPR, which became effective on May 25, 2018; the CCPA, which became effective on January 1, 2020; the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020, which amended the CCPA and became effective on January 1, 2023; and China’s Personal Information Protection Law, which became effective on November 1, 2021. Other jurisdictions where we operate have enacted or proposed similar legislation and/or regulations, such as consumer privacy laws that went into effect in Virginia, Colorado, Utah, Connecticut and Florida in 2023 and Oregon, Texas and Montana in 2024. Consumer privacy laws were also passed in other states, including Iowa, Delaware, New Hampshire, Nebraska, New Jersey, Tennessee, Minnesota, Maryland, Indiana, Kentucky and Rhode Island, and became effective or are scheduled to become effective in 2025 through 2026. In April 2023, a new type of state privacy law focused on protection of consumer health data emerged in Washington with the enactment of the My Health My Data Act, with similar legislation passed subsequently in Nevada. Both these new consumer health privacy laws became effective on March 31, 2024. Further, in 2024, the EU Artificial Intelligence (AI) Act, formally known as Regulation (EU) 2024/1689, was passed into law. Certain provisions of this regulation, such as transparency obligations and governance structures, became effective in February and August 2025, and the regulation will become fully effective on August 2, 2026. The regulation establishes a framework governing the development, deployment and use of AI systems across the EU. AI systems are subject to stringent requirements such as mandatory risk assessments, technical documentation, bias mitigation and explainability standards. with these current and future laws could result in significant penalties. Our business has been and will continue to be subject to various other U.S. and foreign laws, rules and regulations, including provisions of the IRA and OB3. See Reimbursement section above. Research and Development and Selected Product Candidates We focus our R&D on novel human therapeutics for the treatment of serious illness. We capitalize on our strengths in human genetics, novel biology and protein engineering. We leverage our biologic expertise and seek to choose the optimal modality for a drug target and disease, and we use science and technology to study subtle biological mechanisms in search of therapies that will improve the lives of those who suffer from diseases. See Government Regulation— Clinical Development and Product Approval section above. Our discovery research programs may therefore yield targets that lead to the development of human therapeutics delivered as large molecules, small molecules, other combination modalities or new modalities. We have increasingly focused our efforts on human genetics when possible to enhance the

[truncated]