BETA Close X DFS Furniture PLC announced the transfer of 1,855,580 ordinary shares from treasury to its Employee Benefit Trust to meet future share scheme obligations, increasing the total number of ordinary shares with voting rights to 236,000,000. Additionally, the Employee Benefit Trust's trustee intends to make market purchases of up to 1,300,000 ordinary shares, funded by the company, to further support these obligations, with trading decisions made independently. Disclaimer* DFS Furniture PLC 08 December 2025 8 December 2025 DFS Furniture plc Transfer of treasury shares to the Employee Benefit Trust & intended purchase of shares by the Employee Benefit Trust Total voting rights DFS Furniture PLC (the "Company") today announces that following a review of the Company's obligations arising under the Company's All Employee Share Scheme, the Company intends to transfer 1,855,580 ordinary shares of £0.10 each in the Company ("Ordinary Shares"), currently held in Treasury, to the DFS Furniture PLC Employee Benefit Trust (the "EBT") to help meet future obligations arising under the Company's share schemes. The Ordinary Shares currently held in Treasury were originally purchased in 2021 as part of the share buyback scheme at the time, all other shares purchased under that scheme were cancelled on 3 May 2024. Total voting rights The Company's issued ordinary share capital comprises 236,000,000 Ordinary Shares with a nominal value of £0.10 each; and the total number of Ordinary Shares with voting rights in the Company is 234,144,420, following the completion of the transfer to the EBT the total number of Ordinary Shares with voting rights in the Company is 236,000,000. The above figure may be used by shareholders as the denominator for the calculations by which they will determine if they are required to notify their interest in or a change to their interest in, DFS under the FCA's Disclosure and Transparency Rules. Intended purchase of shares by Employee Benefit Trust Additionally, the trustee Ocorian Limited (the "Trustee") of the EBT, has today indicated its intention to make market purchases of up to 1,300,000 Ordinary Shares for the benefit of the EBT to help meet future obligations arising under the Company's share schemes (the "Market Purchases"). Market Purchases are subject to the Trustee's absolute discretion as to the purchase price to be paid. It is expected that the Market Purchases will be funded by amounts gifted by the Company. The Trustee will make its trading decisions in relation to the Market Purchases independently of, and uninfluenced by, the Company. A further announcement will be made on completion of the Market Purchases. Enquiries: Liz McDonald (Group Company Secretary) Phil Hutchinson (Investor Relations) investor.relations@dfs.co.uk About DFS Furniture plc The Group is the clear market-leading retailer of upholstered furniture in the United Kingdom. Our Group purpose is to bring great design and comfort into every living room, in an affordable, responsible and sustainable manner. We operate an integrated physical and digital retail network of living room furniture showrooms and web sites in the United Kingdom and Republic of Ireland, trading through our leading brands, DFS and Sofology. We attract customers through our targeted and national marketing activities and our reputation for high quality innovative products and services, breadth of product offer and favourable consumer financing options. We fulfill orders for our exclusive product ranges through our own UK finished goods factories, and through manufacturing partners located in the UK, Europe and Far East, and delivered with care through our expert final-mile delivery service 'The Sofa Delivery Company Limited'. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies DFS Furniture (DFS) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 2 days ago Ondo Insurtech 2 days ago Ondo Insurtech 2 days ago Sunbelt Rentals Holdings, Inc. 2 days ago Savannah Energy 2 days ago Savills All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and