BETA Close X DFS Furniture PLC has released its Annual Report and Financial Statements for the year ended June 29, 2025, along with the Notice of its Annual General Meeting (AGM). These documents are accessible on the company's website and have been made available to shareholders. The Annual Report and Accounts were prepared using the UK Transparency Directive European Single Electronic Format. The Annual Report and Accounts 2025, Notice of Annual General Meeting 2025, and Proxy Form for the 2025 Annual General Meeting have been submitted to the National Storage Mechanism. The company's Annual General Meeting will take place on Friday, November 14, 2025, at 2:30 pm at its registered office. Disclaimer* DFS Furniture PLC 14 October 2025 14 October 2025 For immediate release DFS Furniture PLC Annual Financial Report 2025 and Notice of Annual General Meeting 2025 DFS Furniture plc ("the Company") has today published its Annual Report and Financial Statements 2025 for the year ended 29 June 2025 and Notice of Annual General Meeting 2025. These documents are in accordance with DTR 6.3.5(3) available to view on the Company's at: https://www.dfscorporate.co.uk. In addition, they have been posted or otherwise made available to shareholders depending on their elected method of communication. The Annual Report and Accounts have been prepared using the single electronic reporting format specified in the UK Transparency Directive European Single Electronic Format ("ESEF"). In compliance with UK Listing Rule 6.4.1 (R) and 6.4.3 (R) the following documents in unedited full text have today been submitted to the National Storage Mechanism -The Annual Report and Accounts 2025; -Notice of Annual General Meeting 2025; and -Proxy Form for the 2025 Annual General Meeting will be available for inspection at https://www.fca.org.uk/markets/primary-markets/regulatory-disclosures/national-storage-mechanism. The Company's Annual General Meeting will be held at its registered office, 1 Rockingham Way, Redhouse Interchange, Adwick-le-Street, Doncaster, DN6 7NA, at 2.30pm on Friday 14 November 2025. Enquiries: Liz McDonald (Group Company Secretary) Phil Hutchinson (Investor Relations) investor.relations@dfs.co.uk About DFS Furniture plc The Group is the clear market-leading retailer of living room furniture in the United Kingdom. Our Group purpose is to bring great design and comfort into every living room, in an affordable, responsible and sustainable manner. We operate an integrated physical and digital retail network of living room furniture showrooms and web sites in the United Kingdom, Republic of Ireland, trading through our leading brands, DFS and Sofology. We attract customers through our targeted and national marketing activities and our reputation for high quality products and service, breadth of product offer and favourable consumer financing options. We fulfil orders for our exclusive product ranges through our own UK finished goods factories, and through manufacturing partners located in the UK, Europe and Far East, and delivered with care through our expert final-mile delivery service The Sofa Delivery Company Limited. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies DFS Furniture (DFS) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 2 days ago Ondo Insurtech 2 days ago Ondo Insurtech 2 days ago Sunbelt Rentals Holdings, Inc. 2 days ago Savannah Energy 2 days ago Savills All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and