BETA Close X DFS Furniture plc reported an expected full year profit before tax and brand amortisation of around £45 million for FY26, exceeding previous guidance and showing a £15 million year-on-year increase despite a softer market in the second half, driven by 2.7% revenue growth, gross margin expansion, and cost discipline. The company significantly reduced net bank debt to approximately £69 million, lowering leverage to 0.9x, and achieved record customer net promoter scores and strong colleague engagement through continued investment. Despite a market order intake decline of 1.0% for the full year, which was in line with the market, DFS demonstrated resilience and market share gains on a two-year basis, positioning itself to achieve medium-term ambitions. Disclaimer* DFS Furniture PLC 16 July 2026 16 July 2026 Immediate release DFS Furniture plc ("DFS" and the "Group") FY26 Full Year Trading Update Delivered upgraded profit guidance, despite softer market conditions in H2 Strong progress made against our customer and colleague initiatives DFS Furniture plc, the market leading retailer of upholstered furniture in the United Kingdom, today issues the following trading update for the 52 week year ending 28 June 2026 ("FY26"). Financial and strategic progress summary: ● Full year PBTu(A) 1 expected to be around £45m, within our previously upgraded guidance of £43-50m and up around +£15m year on year despite weaker market demand in H2. ● Profit performance underpinned by 2.7% revenue growth, gross margin expansion and continued cost discipline. ● Robust free cash flow generation resulted in a reduction in net bank debt to c£69m at 28 June (from £107m in FY25) with leverage 2 reducing to 0.9x (FY25 1.4x). ● Continued investment in innovation across our platforms and people has achieved record customer net promoter scores (up +7% YoY 3 ) and sustained strong colleague engagement (up +19% YoY). ● Business well positioned to achieve medium-term ambitions. Market backdrop: ● Following signs of some market recovery in H1 there was a notable softening in market demand 4 in H2. This was driven by a decline in consumer confidence and housing transactions, in part related to the Iran War. ● This softening is reflected with Group H1 order intake of +2.3% YoY reducing to -4.4% YoY in H2. Full year order intake of -1.0% was broadly in line with the market 4 . On a Yo2Y 5 basis growth was +9.1% reflecting significant market share gains in FY25. ● Our position as the clear market leader, combined with the decisive cost actions over the past three years and the strengthening of our balance sheet has improved the business's resilience and we remain positive about the medium-term ambitions of the Group. The Group will announce its full year results for the period ending 28 June 2026 on 24 September 2026. Comment from Tim Stacey, Group Chief Executive "I would like to express my gratitude to all our talented and dedicated colleagues, whose continued commitment strengthens the DFS Group and ensures outstanding products and services for our customers." "Through the year we have made important strategic progress across the business while also delivering a strong financial performance. We have navigated the complex and changing market environment focusing on our customer propositions combined with disciplined cost management ensuring that we delivered our upgraded profit expectations despite the market softening in the second half. "Importantly, a strong profit performance and capital rigour has enabled us to further reduce our net bank debt and improve our leverage position, providing the Group with a solid financial foundation to navigate any further market volatility. "We remain firmly committed to our medium term ambitions of £1.4bn revenue and an 8% PBT margin, and I am confident that our strategy will drive strong shareholder returns as market conditions improve." 1 PBTu(A): Underlying profit before tax and brand amortisation 2 Banking covenant IAS17 leverage definition 3 DFS established customer NPS 4 Proprietary banking data covering 13 specialist upholstery retailers 5 Year on two year order intake growth calculated using weeks 2-53 of the 53 week FY24 accounting period Enquiries: DFS (enquiries via Teneo) Tim Stacey (Group CEO) Dominique Highfield (Group CFO) Phil Hutchinson (Investor Relations) investor.relations@dfs.co.uk Teneo James Macey-White Jessica Reid +44 (0)20 7353 4200 85fs.dfs@teneo.com About DFS Furniture plc The Group is the clear market-leading retailer of upholstered furniture in the United Kingdom. Driven by our purpose of furnishing better lives, together, we help customers create spaces they love to live in. We operate an integrated physical and digital retail network of living room furniture showrooms and web sites in the United Kingdom and Republic of Ireland, trading through our leading retail brands, DFS and Sofology. We attract customers through our targeted and national marketing activities and our reputation for high quality innovative products and services, breadth of product offer and favourable consumer financing options. We fulfil orders for our exclusive product ranges through our own UK finished goods factories, and through manufacturing partners located in the UK, Europe and Far East, and delivered with care through our expert final-mile delivery service "The Sofa Delivery Company Limited". This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies DFS Furniture (DFS) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 2 days ago Ondo Insurtech 2 days ago Ondo Insurtech 2 days ago Sunbelt Rentals Holdings, Inc. 2 days ago Savannah Energy 2 days ago Savills All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and