BETA Close X DFS Furniture PLC announces that Marie Wall will step down as Interim Chief Financial Officer on April 2, 2026, following a successful transition. Her remuneration package aligns with the company's policy, including salary and benefits up to her departure date, a pro-rata annual bonus for the financial year ending June 2026, subject to Remuneration Committee approval, and a payment in lieu of accrued holiday entitlement. Her awards under the DFS Group Share Plan, comprising 182,724 shares, will lapse upon her leaving. These details will be included in the Director's Remuneration Report for the year ending June 28, 2026. Disclaimer* DFS Furniture PLC 02 April 2026 2 April 2026 DFS Furniture PLC Section 430(2B) Companies Act 2006 Statement Further to the announcement on 20 January 2026, the company confirms that Marie Wall has supported the Board with a successful transition and has announced her intention to step down from the Board and her role as Interim Chief Financial Officer on 2 April 2026. As required by Section 430(2B) of the Companies Act 2006, full details of remuneration payments to be made to Marie Wall are set out below. The payments are in line with the Company's Remuneration Policy. Salary and benefits Marie received salary, pension and benefits up to 2 April 2026 and a payment in lieu of accrued but not taken holiday entitlement. Annual bonus Plan Marie will be treated as a good leaver and will be eligible to receive an annual pro-rata bonus in respect of the financial year ending June 2026. The bonus payment will be subject to Remuneration Committee approval and will be payable at the normal payment date. DFS Group Share Plan ("The Plan") In accordance with the Plan rules, Marie's awards under the Plan will lapse on her leaving date. These comprise a grant of 182,724 shares in the company. Further Information The relevant remuneration details relating to Marie, will be included in the Director's Remuneration Report in the Annual report and Accounts for the year ending 28 June 2026. In accordance with section 430 (2B) of the Companies Act 2006, the information contained in this document will be made available on the Company's website until the Company's next Remuneration Report is made available. Enquiries: DFS Liz McDonald - Group Company Secretary Phil Hutchinson - Investor Relations investor.relations@dfs.co.uk About DFS Furniture plc The Group is the clear market-leading retailer of living room furniture in the United Kingdom. Our Group purpose is to bring great design and comfort into every living room, in an affordable, responsible and sustainable manner. We operate an integrated physical and digital retail network of living room furniture showrooms and web sites in the United Kingdom, Republic of Ireland, trading through our leading brands, DFS and Sofology. We attract customers through our targeted and national marketing activities and our reputation for high quality products and service, breadth of product offer and favourable consumer financing options. We fulfil orders for our exclusive product ranges through our own UK finished goods factories, and through manufacturing partners located in the UK, Europe and Far East, and delivered with care through our expert final-mile delivery service "The Sofa Delivery Company Limited". This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies DFS Furniture (DFS) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 2 days ago Ondo Insurtech 2 days ago Ondo Insurtech 2 days ago Sunbelt Rentals Holdings, Inc. 2 days ago Savannah Energy 2 days ago Savills All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and