BETA Close X DFS Furniture plc has announced that its issued ordinary share capital now comprises 236,000,000 ordinary shares, each with a nominal value of £0.10, meaning the total number of ordinary shares with voting rights is 236,000,000. This figure serves as the denominator for shareholders to calculate their notification obligations under the FCA's Disclosure and Transparency Rules regarding their interests in the company. Disclaimer* DFS Furniture PLC 30 December 2025 30 December 2025 DFS Furniture PLC Total Voting Rights In accordance with R5.6.1 of the Disclosure and Transparency Rules, DFS Furniture plc ("DFS" or the ("Company") notifies the market that at the date of this announcement the Company's issued ordinary share capital comprises 236,000,000 ordinary shares with a nominal value of £0.10 each ("Ordinary Shares") therefore the total number of ordinary shares with voting rights in the Company is 236,000,000. The above figure may be used by shareholders as the denominator for the calculations by which they will determine if they are required to notify their interest in, or a change to their interest in, DFS under the FCA's Disclosure and Transparency Rules. Enquiries: DFS: Liz McDonald (Group Company Secretary) investor.relations@dfs.co.uk About DFS Furniture plc The Group is the clear market-leading retailer of living room furniture in the United Kingdom. Our purpose is to bring great design and comfort into every living room, in an affordable, responsible and sustainable manner. We operate an integrated physical and digital retail network of living room furniture showrooms and web sites in the United Kingdom and the Republic of Ireland, trading through our leading brands, DFS & Sofology. We attract customers through our targeted and national marketing activities and our reputation for high quality products and service, breadth of product offer and favourable consumer financing options. We fulfil orders for our exclusive product ranges through our own three UK finished goods factories, and through manufacturing partners located in the UK, Europe and Far East, and delivered with care through our expert final-mile delivery service. "The Sofa Delivery Company". This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies DFS Furniture (DFS) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 2 days ago Ondo Insurtech 2 days ago Ondo Insurtech 2 days ago Sunbelt Rentals Holdings, Inc. 2 days ago Savannah Energy 2 days ago Savills All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and