BETA Close X On October 20, 2025, conditional awards granted in 2023 under the DFS Furniture PLC Deferred Bonus Plan vested. Tim Stacey received 41,606 shares and an additional 1,441 shares as dividend equivalents. To cover tax and national insurance liabilities, 20,233 shares were sold. Following the sale, Mr. Stacey retained 22,814 shares. The acquisition of 22,814 ordinary shares occurred at a price of £0.00 outside a trading venue, while the disposal of 22,814 shares to cover liabilities also occurred on October 20, 2025, at a price of £0.00 on the London Stock Exchange. Disclaimer* DFS Furniture PLC 20 October 2025 20 October 2025 DFS Furniture PLC Deferred Bonus Plan NOTIFICATION OF TRANSACTIONS OF DIRECTORS, PERSONS DISCHARGING MANAGERIAL RESPONSIBILITY OR CONNECTED PERSONS DFS Furniture PLC ("the Company") Deferred Bonus Plan ("DBP"): vesting of 2023 Award and related sale. On 20 October 2023, the Company announced that 41,606 conditional awards of ordinary shares of 0.10p each in the Company ("Shares") had been granted under the DBP to Tim Stacey. On 20 October 2025, the deferred Shares described above vested on the second anniversary of the conditional award of Shares. Under the Company's directors' remuneration policy the award accrued Dividend Equivalents between the award date and the vesting date amounting to 1,441 Shares. The table below shows the number of shares acquired by Mr Stacey under the award, the number of Dividend Equivalent Shares, the number of Shares sold to satisfy the tax and national insurance liabilities, and the number of Shares retained following the sales. Executive Director Shares Vested Dividend Equivalent Shares Shares sold to satisfy tax and NI liabilities Shares retained Tim Stacey 41,606 1,441 20,233 22,814 The Notification of Dealing Form can be found below. This announcement is made in accordance with the UK Market Abuse Regulation (Regulation (EU) 596/2014, as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018). 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / person closely associated a) Name Tim Stacey 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/status Chief Executive Officer b) Initial notification /Amendment Initial notification 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name DFS Furniture PLC b) LEI 213800GDSOBNKS1U1P93 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Identification code Ordinary Shares 0.10p ISIN: GB00BTC0LB89 b) Nature of the transaction Acquisition of ordinary shares arising in connection with the settlement of Deferred Bonus Plan award granted on 20 October 2023 and an amount for Dividend Equivalent c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price - £0.00 Volume - 22,814 d) Aggregated information - Aggregated volume - Price N/A e) Date of the transaction 20 October 202 5 f) Place of the transaction Outside a trading venue 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / person closely associated a) Name Tim Stacey 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/status Chief Executive Officer b) Initial notification /Amendment Initial notification 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name DFS Furniture PLC b) LEI 213800GDSOBNKS1U1P93 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Identification code Ordinary Shares 0.10p ISIN: GB00BTC0LB89 b) Nature of the transaction Disposal of shares to satisfy tax and NI liabilities in respect of the settlement of Deferred Bonus Plan award granted on 20 October 2023 c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price - £0.00 Volume - 22,814 d) Aggregated information - Aggregated volume - Price N/A e) Date of the transaction 20 October 202 5 f) Place of the transaction London Stock Exchange This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies DFS Furniture (DFS) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 2 days ago Ondo Insurtech 2 days ago Ondo Insurtech 2 days ago Sunbelt Rentals Holdings, Inc. 2 days ago Savannah Energy 2 days ago Savills All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and