BETA Close X DFS Furniture plc has experienced an encouraging start to its financial year, with order intake growth across both DFS and Sofology brands in the first 19 weeks ended 9 November 2025, outperforming a subdued market. The company is benefiting from its scale, vertical integration, data utilization, and culture, alongside successful self-help cost initiatives that are improving gross margins and mitigating inflation. This trading momentum, coupled with supply chain efficiency and cost control, positions the Group to deliver strong year-on-year profit growth in the first half, with current expectations aligning with the consensus range of £40.6 million for profit before tax and brand amortisation. Disclaimer* DFS Furniture PLC 14 November 2025 14 November 2025 For immediate release DFS Furniture plc AGM Trading update for 19 weeks ended 9 November 2025 Encouraging start to the year DFS Furniture plc (the 'Group'), the market leading retailer of upholstered furniture in the United Kingdom, provides the following update in advance of its Annual General Meeting later today. The financial year has begun positively. Our three key enablers of scale and vertical integration, utilising data and harnessing our unique culture are strengthening our market leading proposition, resulting in improved financial performance. We have seen order intake growth across the first 19 weeks of FY26, against strong comparatives, and in line with our expectations. Our proprietary banking data 1 indicates both our DFS and Sofology retail brands outperformed a market that remains subdued. We are pleased with the continued progress we are making with our self-help cost initiatives, driving improvements in gross margin and helping to mitigate the impact of inflation. As a result of the trading momentum, the continued smooth running of the supply chain, gross margin improvements and cost control, we expect to deliver strong year on year profit growth in the first half. Whilst it is still relatively early in our financial year and we are mindful of the broader macroeconomic environment and the uncertainty created by the upcoming Autumn budget, we remain comfortable with the range of consensus profit expectations 2 . Looking further ahead, we remain confident in the Group's prospects and we will continue to focus on executing our stated strategy and delivering value for all our stakeholders. A further update on the Group's performance will be provided in our post-close update on 20 January 2026. Tim Stacey, Chief Executive, commented: "By continuing to execute our strategy we have made a strong start to the year. Despite the upholstery market remaining subdued, we have grown order intake across both our retail brands, ahead of the market, and progressed our gross margin and cost base initiatives leaving us in a good position to deliver strong first half year on year profit growth. "Our customer proposition is in great shape and our medium-term outlook remains positive. Whilst the macroeconomic backdrop remains uncertain in the short term we will keep focusing on what we can control." 1 Proprietary Lloyds banking data covering 13 specialist upholstery retailers 2 Company compiled analyst consensus profit before tax and brand amortisation: £40.6m (£37.6m to £43.0m) Enquiries: DFS (enquiries via Teneo) Liz McDonald (Group Company Secretary) Phil Hutchinson (Investor Relations) investor.relations@dfs.co.uk Teneo James Macey-White Jessica Reid +44 (0)20 7353 4200 85fs.dfs@teneo.com About DFS Furniture plc The Group is the clear market-leading retailer of upholstered furniture in the United Kingdom. Our Group purpose is to bring great design and comfort into every living room, in an affordable, responsible and sustainable manner. We operate an integrated physical and digital retail network of living room furniture showrooms and web sites in the United Kingdom and Republic of Ireland, trading through our leading brands, DFS and Sofology. We attract customers through our targeted and national marketing activities and our reputation for high quality innovative products and services, breadth of product offer and favourable consumer financing options. We fulfil orders for our exclusive product ranges through our own UK finished goods factories, and through manufacturing partners located in the UK, Europe and Far East, and delivered with care through our expert final-mile delivery service 'The Sofa Delivery Company Limited'. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies DFS Furniture (DFS) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 2 days ago Ondo Insurtech 2 days ago Ondo Insurtech 2 days ago Sunbelt Rentals Holdings, Inc. 2 days ago Savannah Energy 2 days ago Savills All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and