BETA Close X DFS Furniture PLC announced its preliminary full-year results for FY25, revealing strategic execution driving significant profit growth and reduced leverage. Like-for-like order intake growth was up 10.2% year-over-year. Reported order intake growth was up 8.7% year-over-year. Gross sales reached £1,388.3 million, a 5.8% increase from £1,311.8 million in FY24, while revenue rose by 4.4% to £1,030.3 million. The gross margin improved to 56.5%. Underlying profit before tax was £30.2 million, a £19.7 million increase, and reported profit before tax was £32.9 million, up £34.6 million. Underlying basic EPS was 9.2p, and reported basic EPS was 10.5p. Net bank debt decreased to £107.0 million from £164.8 million, and bank leverage improved to 1.4x from 2.5x. The board has decided not to recommend a FY25 dividend. Disclaimer* DFS Furniture PLC 25 September 2025 25 September 2025 Immediate release DFS Furniture plc Preliminary Full Year Results FY25 Strategic execution drives significant profit growth and reduction in leverage Customer proposition never been in better shape Board confident in the growth prospects of the Group DFS Furniture plc ('the Group'), the market leading retailer of living room and upholstered furniture in the United Kingdom, today announces its preliminary results for the 52 weeks ended 29 June 2025 (prior year comparative period is the 53 weeks ended 30 June 2024). £m FY25 FY24 Change 52 weeks vs 52 weeks Like for like order intake growth YoY 1 +10.2% (1.8%) n/a 52 weeks vs 53 weeks Reported order intake growth YoY 1 +8.7% n/a n/a Gross sales 2 £1,388.3m £1,311.8m +5.8% Revenue £1,030.3m £987.1m +4.4% Gross margin 56.5% 55.8% +0.7%pts Underlying PBT(A) 2 £30.2m £10.5m +£19.7m Reported profit/(loss) before tax £32.9m (£1.7m) +£34.6m Underlying basic EPS 9.2p 1.5p +7.7p Reported basic EPS 10.5p (1.9p) +12.4p Net bank debt 2 £107.0m £164.8m £57.8m Bank leverage 2, 3 1.4x 2.5x 1.1x Strategic and operational highlights Market leading customer proposition : Market share gains, record established customer net promoter scores and achievement of our £50m Cost to Operate programme one year ahead of expectations driven by our focus on three key enablers: ● Leveraging our scale, expertise and vertical integration : High profile exclusive brand partnership ranges now over 40% of dfs brand sales, cost of goods optimisation driving gross margin progression and continual improvements in our manufacturing and Sofa Delivery Company logistics operations are increasing our efficiency ● Utilising data and technology: Focusing on technology-led product innovation to remain agile to evolving consumer trends and investing in our proprietary data and insights platform is enhancing the customer experience ● Harnessing our unique culture : our dedicated and loyal colleagues are vital to our success - our investment in our people and progress on our diversity and inclusion agenda is helping drive improved colleague engagement scores and reduce attrition Financial overview ● Resilient trading performance with strong like for like (52 week vs 52 week) Group order intake growth, up +10.1% 1 in H1 and 10.3% in H2 in a subdued market with both the dfs and Sofology brands gaining market share 4 ● Revenue up +4.4% YoY, lower than the reported order intake growth of +8.7% due to investment in our interest free credit offer to drive demand in the weak market as well as the impact of Easter falling later in the year and a shift in customer orders to ranges with longer lead times. As a result, the Group ended the year with a resilient order bank ● Gross margins expanded by +70bps reflecting continued focus on optimising the commercial proposition and improved cost of goods ● Underlying profit performance, PBTu(A) 2 up £19.7m YoY to £30.2m, slightly above previous guidance (£25m-£29m) ● Strong free cash flow generation of £57.8m reducing net bank debt 2 to £107.0m (FY24: £164.8m) and bank leverage 2, 3 to 1.4x (FY24 2.5x) ● While our financial position has strengthened due to improved profit performance and disciplined cash management, our current leverage remains outside our target range of 0.5x-1.0x and the macro environment remains uncertain. As a result, the Board has taken the decision not to recommend a FY25 dividend ● We will continue to focus on reducing our debt levels, maintaining strong discipline on capital investment and bringing our leverage into our target range. Current trading and outlook Trading through the first 12 weeks of the new financial period is in line with our expectations ● We are comfortable with consensus 5 and are planning for profit growth in FY26, despite our expectation for a subdued market in the near term, driven by our compelling customer proposition, further gross margin progression and continued cost discipline ● A decision will be made at our FY26 interim results on the payment of an interim dividend based on profit and leverage outturn for the full year and future outlook ● Longer term the Board remains confident in achieving our medium term £1.4bn full year revenue and 8% PBT targets Tim Stacey, Group Chief Executive Officer said: "I believe that our customer proposition has never been in better shape and that all elements of our vertically integrated business model are working efficiently and effectively, leading to record net promoter scores. Through focusing on what we can control and executing our strategy we have grown profits and cash flows in a weak market environment. This would not have been possible without the passion and dedication of our colleagues and I would like to sincerely thank them all for their hard work and support for our business. "The market demand drivers for the upholstery sector remain delicately balanced. Consumer confidence remains below the long term average and inflation remains elevated but housing transactions have been recovering, consumer savings levels are relatively high and interest rates look set to fall. "Given the market share gains that we have made in the last few years, the recovery in our gross margins and the significant reduction in our cost base, despite inflation, I am optimistic about the future. We will continue to focus on what we can control and, even in a subdued market, we expect to grow our profit before tax in FY26 and further strengthen our balance sheet. When the market recovers we are well positioned to achieve strong growth and importantly profit and cash conversion and remain committed to achieving our medium term targets of £1.4bn revenue and 8% PBT margins." 1 Full year order intake growth measured on a 52 week vs 52 week basis ("like for like") was 10.2% To avoid the distorting impact caused by a different number of winter sale trading days in each trading period H1 YoY order intake growth (+10.1%) has been measured using weeks 1-25 of each trading period. H2 YoY (+10.3%) has been measured using the most comparable 27 weeks. FY24 was a 53 week reporting period, reported order intake growth measured on a 52 vs 53 week basis is 8.7% year on year. FY24 order intake growth calculated by comparing first 52 weeks of the 53 week FY24 period to the 52 week FY23 period 2 Definitions and reconciliations of KPIs including Alternative Performance Measures ("APMs") are provided at the end of this statement in note 12 to the condensed consolidated financial statements 3 Banking covenant leverage calculated using IAS17 calculated EBITDA 4 Proprietary Lloyds banking data covering 13 specialist upholstery retailers 5 Company compiled market consensus profit before tax and brand amortisation: £39.4m FY25 Results Presentation A webcast for analysts and investors will be held at 9.00am (UK time) today to announce the FY25 results. Virtual presentation link: https://linklaters-events.webex.com/linklaters-events/j.php?MTID=m477dfd03e7c14181395bc6817307ce22 Webinar number: 2375 395 8228 Password: FAuSJP7z@44 (32875779 when dialling from a phone or video system) A copy of the presentation will be made available at: https://www.dfscorporate.co.uk/ Enquiries: DFS (enquiries via Teneo) Tim Stacey (Group CEO) Marie Wall (Interim Group CFO) Phil Hutchinson (Investor Relations) investor.relations@dfs.co.uk Teneo James Macey-White Jessica Reid Ayo Sangobowale +44 (0)20 7353 4200 85fs.dfs@teneo.com CHAIR'S STATEMENT This year our revenue performance has improved significantly compared to the prior year as both our retail brands successfully implemented our growth initiatives and grew their market share despite the subdued market for upholstered furniture in the UK. We believe that the outlook for the Group remains positive despite the challenging economic and geopolitical environment that we operate in. We have maintained our focus on disciplined cost management and continued to improve our gross margins. Delivery against our £50m cost saving plan has helped limit operating cost increases to 2% year on year despite significant inflationary headwinds due to the well-publicised increases in the National Minimum Wage and National Insurance as well as volume related variable cost increases. The medium-term prospects for the upholstered furniture market remain strong and we are optimistic that our market leading position and our long-term growth strategy will ensure the business is well positioned to take advantage as the market recovers. We will continue to actively manage our cost base in FY26 in the face of a significant increase in business rates in April 2026 and an expected further increase to the National Minimum Wage. The savings we have made to date demonstrate our ability to remain agile and reshape our operations in light of prevailing market conditions. A retailer is nothing without its colleagues and its customers. At DFS Group we have built a dedicated and highly capable team of colleagues who have demonstrated a consistent ability to deliver a product and service proposition that continues to be highly valued by our customers. This underpins our belief that our two retail brands can continue to grow their market share. Financial results We were pleased that full year underlying PBT(A) 1 of £30.2m was above the top end of guidance (£25m to £29m) and an increase of £19.7m year on year. Reported PBT was £32.9m (FY24: loss of £1.7m). Our profit performance was driven by strong trading, gross margin rate progression and continued cost discipline. In an environment of low consumer confidence, the Board and the Group Leadership Team have been focused on achieving the optimum near term financial results whilst ensuring that the Group remains primed to respond to a better market and strengthening our balance sheet to ensure that we can invest for the future. Leverage 1 at year end was 1.4x (FY24 year end 2.5x) which showed a considerable improvement against prior year, although remaining above our stated target level of 0.5x-1.0x. Bringing the level down towards our target using the twin levers of absolute debt reduction and profit improvement remains a key focus for the coming year. Strategic focus During the year we undertook a restructure of the leadership team in our two retail brands, creating new Group Marketing, Commercial and Customer Services functions to sit alongside the existing Group functions which support our brands. These changes support our existing pillars and platforms strategy, provide greater clarity and consistency, and allow the Group to make better use of its scale. We continue to leverage our two market-leading complementary retail brands, dfs and Sofology; they appeal to different customer segments and allow us to target a wide section of the market with creative direction managed by each brand team. Each brand curates its own ranges, supported by specialist in-house design teams. The focus on innovation continued during the year with further enhancements to our product ranges, incorporating new technology into several more ranges to appeal to a broader group of customers. This approach is exemplified by our Cinesound® technology which turns home entertainment into a 4D immersive experience, packed with state-of-the-art features, including vibration pads and powered head and footrests. The customer response has been incredibly positive with these high-end products rapidly becoming a key differentiator for us in the market. The dfs team has also focused on developing our wider Home offering, especially in beds, building stronger relationships direct with suppliers, with a focus on both quality and improving the delivery time to our customers. We have continued to invest in our national network of showrooms across the UK and the Republic of Ireland and in our websites, to ensure they continue to inspire our customers and provide a leading customer experience. We were pleased to open our new Sofology store in Carlisle shortly after year end, in August 2025. We will continue to assess the pace and priorities of all our strategic objectives as market conditions evolve over the next 12 months. Culture and our people Our colleagues and their contribution to our culture and values are what make DFS Group great. They are dedicated, enthusiastic and proud of our market‑leading position. They put the customer first in everything they do and work hard to deliver outcomes informed by our values. The market challenges facing retailers over the last few years are well understood and the actions taken to manage our cost base, improve our customer NPS scores, build our market share to a record high and return the Group to a more stable financial position have required the dedication and commitment of all our colleagues. We rely on their skills, knowledge and experience, competence, agility, and passion for our business to continue to innovate and to continue to deliver for all our customers in this challenging economic environment. My thanks on behalf of the Board go to all of them. Sustainability We are pleased that during the year our publicly committed net zero plans were approved by the Science Based Targets initiative, validating both our 2050 and near-term decarbonisation targets. Given the vertically integrated nature of our Group our journey to net zero will not be linear. In some areas progress is dependent on the development of innovative technologies but we are pleased with the progress we are making, and we remain committed to our ambitious targets. Governance and board changes Good governance is critical for all businesses. At times of continued geopolitical and economic uncertainty, it plays a particularly key role in building and retaining trust among a diverse base of stakeholders. DFS Group operates to a high level of governance and the Board will maintain this approach going forward. Having welcomed Bruce Marsh to our Board at the start of the financial year, in October we announced John Fallon had taken the decision to step down as our CFO. We thank John and wish him the best for the future. In January we welcomed Marie Wall to the Board as our Interim Chief Financial Officer. Marie is an experienced leader who has previously held senior finance roles at listed FMCG and retail businesses including Imperial Brands PLC, Wolseley PLC and Dixons Carphone PLC. She brings expertise in retail and finance transformation and has created value and strengthened our finance team. Then in February we were pleased to be joined by Tony Buffin, our new Non-Executive Director. Tony has significant retail experience that is directly relevant to the Group's long-term strategy and will help to accelerate growth in our brands and develop our Home offering. In April Jo Boydell announced her intention to retire from the Board at the close of the AGM in November. Jo was appointed to the Board in December 2018 and served as Audit and Risk Committee Chair from April 2019 until the appointment of Bruce Marsh. We thank Jo for her wise counsel and significant contribution to DFS Group and wish her all the very best for the future. All the Directors continue to visit different areas of the Group spending time in our showrooms, customer distribution centres, factories and design studios as well as with individual members of the Group Leadership Team and the Employee Voice Forum. This helps to ensure that all of the Non-Executive Directors have a thorough understanding of the business and that the Non-Executives' contributions to Board discussions are well informed and constructive in helping them ensure the views of the wider stakeholder population are considered in any decision. Dividend At the time of the interim results in March 2025 the Board confirmed that due to the ongoing economic headwinds and the Group's net debt position being outside our target range it would not approve the payment of an interim ordinary dividend. Given the continuing economic uncertainty the Board has concluded that to build further resilience the focus should be on further reducing net debt and has therefore concluded that it would not be appropriate to propose a final dividend. We recognise that this decision may be disappointing for some of our shareholders. However, we believe that it is in the best long-term interests of the Group. Looking ahead The Group has developed a unique position at the heart of British homemaking over the past 55 years. We are the UK's largest upholstery retailer and manufacturer. This, coupled with our in-house two person delivery and service teams, clear strategy, great leadership team, market-leading position, innovative products and the strength of our brands will allow us to take advantage of opportunities to deliver on the expectations of customers and shareholders and continue to provide a rewarding place for our colleagues to build their careers. As detailed in the Chief Executive's outlook statement, the market for upholstery remains delicately balanced and whilst the Group is not immune to the impact of the continuing political uncertainty, the Board considers that the Group is well placed to manage these challenges and remains optimistic about the future. I am proud of the Group's achievements in FY25 and remain confident in the plans that we have for the year ahead. Annual general meeting We continue to encourage all shareholders to attend our Annual General Meeting, which will be held in Doncaster on 14 November 2025. This provides a great opportunity to hear from and speak with members of the Board and Group Leadership Team. STEVE JOHNSON Chair of the Board 25 September 2025 1 Definitions and reconciliations of KPIs including Alternative Performance Measures ("APMs") are provided at the end of this statement in note 12 to the condensed consolidated financial statements. CHIEF EXECUTIVE'S REVIEW Our customer propositions and operating platforms have never been in better shape with all elements of our vertically integrated business model working together, efficiently and effectively, leading to record market share 1 , record customer satisfaction scores and high levels of colleague engagement. Through focusing on what we can control and executing our strategy we have delivered a resilient performance, growing profits and free cash flow in a weak market environment. I am pleased to report that FY25 was a year where we accelerated our momentum by focusing our energies and efforts on what we can control and relentlessly executing our strategy. Our customer propositions are in great shape across both our dfs and Sofology retail brands leading to strong Group order intake growth, up +10.2% year on year, and continued market share growth in another year where market demand has remained weak. The brands have been supported by our operational platforms working efficiently and effectively. Strong performance across the customer journey from our commercial and product design teams, our marketing teams, our retail brands, our manufacturing operations, The Sofa Delivery Company logistics business and our service teams have collectively resulted in us achieving record established customer NPS scores. This has been achieved by the hard work of our fantastic, passionate and dedicated colleagues and our investment in data and technology which provides insight, improved decision making and operational efficiency. All of this has led to revenue and profit growth with underlying profit before tax and brand amortisation 2 (uPBT(A)) slightly ahead of expectations, up nearly £20m year on year to £30.2m, and reported PBT up £34.6m year on year to £32.9m. In addition we have generated good levels of free cash flow enabling us to reduce our net bank debt by £57.8m and strengthen our balance sheet. Stepping back, our Group has evolved considerably over the last five years. We have simplified our structures, developed Group platforms to leverage expertise and scale benefits, continued to grow our market share and we have what I believe is a unique culture that binds and energises our people to help us win with customers and look after each other. As a result, the Group is strongly positioned to capitalise on our growth opportunities and any market recovery. Strategic update Our ambition is to profitably and sustainably grow our dfs and Sofology retail brands and step change our share of the non-upholstery Home market through leveraging our Sourcing and Manufacturing, Technology and Data, People and Culture and The Sofa Delivery Company logistics platforms. The strategic progress we are making is the result of our focus in three key areas: Leveraging our scale and vertical integration Through leveraging our scale and vertical integration we provide a differentiated customer experience and drive greater efficiency. The Group has a 39% market share by value 3 with sales densities in DFS Group over three times that of our nearest competitor. Given our scale, well known brands want to work with us to develop unique and exclusive sofa ranges. We have created a unique proposition in dfs through working on an exclusive basis with high quality brand partners that resonate strongly with the consumer such as French Connection, Joules and Country Living. Our recently launched partnerships with Ted Baker (FY24) and La-Z-Boy (FY25) and new ranges with existing partner brands such as the Joules Gilmorton are all performing well and our exclusive brand sales mix has reached a record high of over 40% of total dfs brand sales. Our sales volumes and demand forecasting capability have enabled us to work with our third party suppliers to efficiently and effectively service customers that value obtaining products at speed. Our suppliers also offer new ranges to us first to sell on an exclusive basis and as we are a major customer our scale enables us to source efficiently and deliver industry leading gross margins. We have grown our gross margins 70 basis points in FY25 and through recently combining the commercial buying teams of the dfs and Sofology brands under one leader we can share best practices and further leverage our scale in the future. We have a highly skilled and creative design team that research and identify emerging trends in the wider home categories that can be applied to our sector. We have the ability to develop a prototype, test, and put new ranges on our showroom floors in as little as six weeks enabling us to be first to market. Interest free credit ('IFC') is a key feature of the UK upholstery market. Given our scale, we are a major customer of our IFC lending partners enabling us to offer a market leading proposition. This year we offered IFC on a 48 month term to customers in key periods to drive demand in the weak market environment and increase average order values contributing to our strong order intake performance, ahead of the market 1 . Our vertical integration enables us to capture value across the supply chain. We produce around 20% of what we sell in our UK factories and our scale enables us to operate them efficiently. They provide the benefits of being able to offer short lead times and insight to optimise cost pricing for ranges sourced from third parties. This year we have improved the efficiency of our factories whilst further enhancing quality. The Sofa Delivery Company, our logistics operation, is the largest two person sofa delivery company in the UK. It delivers for both our retail brands using the same infrastructure and we offer a seven day a week installation and delivery service which is focused on providing great customer service, including the removal and recycling of all packaging waste. This is evidenced by record post-delivery NPS scores achieved at the same time as reducing our delivery cost per order despite inflationary headwinds. Utilising data and technology Through utilising data and technology we drive insight, innovation, better decisions and a continuous improvement approach to operational efficiency. We have made significant progress over the last three years in simplifying how we store, access and connect data and gain insight through developing a data hub that sources data from around 85 sources. A good example of how we are utilising data is in The Sofa Delivery Company where we have powerful dashboards that enable us to drill down in detail to drive performance. For instance, we can review the individual performance of each delivery vehicle by the hour and review the reasons for failed deliveries to identify root causes. Having this knowledge has helped us deliver a 10% efficiency improvement and reduce failed deliveries to record lows. The Sofa Delivery Company uses machine learning through its proprietary software that carries out dynamic real time route scheduling to optimise van fill and doorstep time ensuring we maximise the use of our assets and provide great customer service. Another example is in retail where we are able to significantly improve our overall store by store performance through the use of store level dynamic balanced scorecards which improve visibility and provide real time insight across our people, processes, customer and financial lenses. We are also utilising data in marketing to improve our efficiency of spend and our team recently won the Bloomreach 'Data Driven Leader' award, recognising our effective and impactful use of customer data and analytics. We utilise cutting edge technology to improve the customer experience and operational performance. Our proprietary Intelligent Lending Platform (ILP) now has multiple IFC lending partners operating across both dfs and Sofology enabling high first time acceptance rates and management of subsidy costs, shortening transaction times, enabling in store conversion uplift in busy periods. ILP also enables fully digitised processing with no colleague intervention making the customer journey seamless, offering customers the credit that is right for them. We have continued to innovate with more technology included in our sofas such as wireless charge points, wine coolers, speakers and vibrating seats such as in our Cinesound® ranges and our recently patented heated seats. We continually look to improve the customer journey and provide a seamless experience across all channels. This year we have been enhancing both retail brands' websites. The dfs brand has recently launched a personalised homepage that changes content displayed based on where the customer is in their journey, providing inspirational content for those early in the journey and returning users to their previous product selections. This personalized approach has proven to be a hit with customers, reducing bounce rate, improving click through rate and conversion. We have made numerous enhancements to the Sofology website including improved image zoom to provide a detailed view of fabrics, autoplay video content to capture customer attention and improved 3D augmented reality coverage. We have begun to utilise artificial intelligence ('AI') across a number of areas in the business. We are utilising a CRM platform in Sofology to develop AI driven email marketing campaigns to improve personalisation of individual communications by tailoring them to the customer's online and offline interactions. There are early indications that this has yielded a significant conversion rate and average order value increase. In addition, we have recently published a case study with our digital creative and activation platform on the use of AI for both media effectiveness and image generation, as our work to push our digital capability continues. The advancements we are making with our media partners led to global first trials with Pinterest and a Digital Out Of Home award with JCDecaux. In our customer service operations we are enhancing colleague written emails by using AI to draft written responses to customer service tickets which has helped reduce resolution times and increase colleague productivity. Finally, our in-house creative production capability will continue to provide us with leading CGI (over 125,000 product images produced) and video technology across the Group, and a recent 'Inside Out' award nomination globally recognises our in-house creative excellence. Harnessing our unique culture to drive performance We fully recognise that delivering an exceptional customer experience requires a dedicated and passionate workforce. It's the commitment and talent of our people that truly drive our business forward. That is why I feel so strongly about, and take great pride in, the unique culture we have cultivated across our Group. We aim to lead our people with an open and empathetic leadership style, supported by customer centric, aspiring values which drives high engagement levels and ultimately our performance. We assess colleague engagement levels through our 'Your Say' survey and we've made good progress with colleague engagement stepping forwards 11.6%pts year on year. Expertise in our sector is important. In manufacturing, from sewing to frame assembly, quality and efficiency are critical. Equally, our retail teams need to engage effectively with customers to encourage them to shop with us - because the overall experience truly matters, and in The Sofa Delivery Company, high service levels are imperative as the sofa delivery is usually our last touch point with the customer. We invest in our colleagues to help equip them with the right skills and to develop and progress. I'm very proud of our Leadership Development Programme which 12 leaders completed in 2024 with a further 21 taking part in the 2025 cohort. In addition our Group Leadership Academy, which offers opportunities for colleague development and strengthens our future leader pipeline, has proved popular with more than 500 managers attending workshops. To help ensure colleagues stay with us we want to create an environment where everyone feels welcome, valued and respected. Diversity in our teams helps us in many ways from obtaining differing perspectives, increasing creativity and innovation and being better able to serve a wider customer base. Our six colleague networks, which each have senior leadership representation, help us connect like minded people and help us to activate change and engagement initiatives identified in our inclusion agenda. We are constantly seeking to raise standards and this year we achieved the 'strategic level' in the Diversity in Retail inclusion maturity curve. We also want to ensure that our people can work for us whilst managing their busy lifestyles. Recognising this, we adapted our retail model to increase the availability of part time roles and in FY25 the part time mix in both brands grew over 4%pts with dfs's part time mix now over 58%. This model is facilitated by our workforce management system that predicts footfall and sales six weeks ahead, helping us to plan to have the right number of colleagues at peak times and maximise conversion. We are also working towards equal gender representation in our business and are making progress with 41% of senior leadership roles now held by female colleagues. As a result of our strategic progress we have delivered against our three key financial areas: Growth - We achieved strong and consistent performance across the year with like-for-like order intake growth of +10.1% in H1 and +10.3% in H2 with both brands gaining share in a market that was slightly down year on year 1 . The dfs brand's like-for-like order intake growth of 8.7% was driven by new product development, our industry leading IFC offer and great customer service with established customer NPS at a record level of 54.1. Sofology grew order intake by +16.2% as a result of a significant volume uplift with the range development and price changes made at the end of FY24 proving very effective. Gross margin - Our gross margin rate stepped on another 70 basis points year on year to 56.5% as we target a return to our target and pre-pandemic average of 58%. Margins improved as a result of product margin progression supported by cost of goods savings that more than offset headwinds from elevated freight rates. Cost to Operate programme - We achieved £25.5m of cost savings in FY25 which means cumulatively we have now surpassed our £50m annual savings target, a year ahead of expectation. The Group now has a more efficient cost base and we have retained operational capacity to capitalise on any market recovery. Our progress in these areas has led to profit growth with underlying PBT(A) 2 up £19.7m to £30.2m. We delivered strong free cash flow 2 generation in the year of £57.8m supported by working capital inflows arising from our negative working capital model and from disciplined investment choices. As a result we have strengthened our balance sheet through significantly reducing debt and our leverage 2 has improved from 2.5x to 1.4x. Sustainability We are committed to reducing our impact on the environment and I am pleased to report that we have obtained validation from the Science Based Targets initiative of our emissions reduction target to cut emissions by 90% across Scope 1, 2 and 3 by 2050. Our emissions are heavily weighted to Scope 3 and we launched an 'In This Together' engagement campaign with our suppliers to set their own science-based targets. We sought buy-in to cover 20% of our Scope 3 emissions and surpassed this by achieving support for 59%. I would like to thank our suppliers for working collaboratively with us on our journey. Tackling our Scope 1 emissions is proving challenging due to the significant investment required to upgrade our legacy electricity infrastructure and the limited availability of electric/hydrogen heavy goods vehicles on the market. However, we remain committed to our reduction path and are working to address these challenges over the next few years. We are already making good progress to ensure our business can make the most of the opportunities of a circular economy and deliver sustainable performance and are working to ensure responsible and sustainable use of materials through transparency and traceability. All these endeavours will support the future EU requirement to provide a Digital Product Passport with every product, a requirement which we have started work on, with a pilot in FY25. Future growth The Group has evolved considerably in the last five years. We have simplified our structure by removing sub-scale loss making entities such as the Sofa Workshop brand and international operations in Spain and the Netherlands. We have developed The Sofa Delivery Company to achieve scale economies and provide a market leading delivery and installation service, right sized UK manufacturing, and created Group functions since the Sofology acquisition to create centres of excellence. The Group is well positioned for future profitable growth through a number of avenues: ● Innovation : Supported by innovative new product development, leveraging our scale to offer great value for money, providing leading customer service through our experienced colleagues and creating a seamless customer journey, enabled by technology. ● Footprint expansion : Sofology new showroom roll out of one to two showrooms per year, increasing the estate from 57 to between 65 and 70 showrooms. We know the target locations and there is relatively low cannibalisation when opening near dfs showrooms. ● 58% gross margins : We are targeting a return to our pre-pandemic gross margins of 58%. Recent organisational design changes will enable better buying opportunities and margin growth will be further supported by self help and any Bank of England base rate reductions and freight rate normalisation. ● Core sofa market recovery : Market volumes are c.20% below pre-pandemic levels. Market recovery is linked to consumer confidence and the housing market and when the recovery comes, the operational leverage in the business is expected to result in high profit growth with revenue to profit drop through at around 40%. ● Growth of share in the £5bn non-upholstery Home market (beds and mattresses, dining and other living room furniture) : We have established the foundations to enable future growth in the non-upholstery Home market including the roll out of a warehouse management system, the expansion of some of our exclusive upholstery brand partnerships to bed frames and consolidated supply to improve gross margins. We have recently started to invest in digital marketing to increase customer awareness of our Home proposition and we are targeting an incremental £100m of revenue in the medium term. ● Business development opportunities : We are currently trialling providing a two person delivery service to third party retailers through The Sofa Delivery Company infrastructure. We believe that there will be additional opportunities especially with seasonal furniture retailers and lower volume sofa retailers to provide a great customer service and maximise utilisation of our assets, generating incremental revenue. Conclusion and outlook I believe that our customer proposition has never been in better shape and that all elements of our vertically integrated business model are working together efficiently and effectively, leading to record NPS scores. Through focusing on what we can control and executing our strategy we have grown profits and free cash flow in a weak market environment. This would not have been possible without the passion and dedication of our colleagues and I would like to sincerely thank them all for their hard work and support for our business. The market demand drivers for the upholstery sector remain delicately balanced. Consumer confidence is below the long-term average and inflation remains elevated but housing transactions have been recovering, consumer savings levels are relatively high and interest rates look set to fall. Given the market share gains that we have made in the last few years, the recovery in our gross margins and the significant reduction in our cost base, despite inflation, I am optimistic about the future. We will continue to focus on what we can control and, even in a subdued market, we expect to grow our profit before tax in FY26 and further strengthen our balance sheet. When the market recovers we are well positioned to achieve strong growth and importantly profit and cash conversion and remain committed to achieving our medium term targets of £1.4bn revenue and 8% PBT margin. TIM STACEY Chief Executive Officer 25 September 2025 1 Proprietary banking data covering 13 specialist upholstery retailers. 2 Definitions and reconciliations of KPIs including Alternative Performance Measures ("APMs") are provided at the end of this statement in note 12 to the condensed consolidated financial statements. 3 GlobalData calendar year 2024 market share (August 2025). FINANCIAL REVIEW FY25 was a year of profitable growth, delivering strong cash returns and building balance sheet resilience. This was achieved in a challenging market that remained in decline 1 amidst ongoing macro uncertainty. The Group achieved over 10% like for like order intake growth, 4.4% revenue growth, 70 basis points of gross margin expansion and tightly managed its cost base in an ongoing inflationary environment. All of these factors contributed to underlying profit before tax and brand amortisation 2 increasing £19.7m to £30.2m. Reported profit before tax increased by a greater extent than the underlying result, from a loss of £1.7m to a profit of £32.9m due to recognition of a non-underlying credit in the current year compared with non-underlying charges in the prior year. These are explained later in the report. We have continued to focus on strengthening the Group's balance sheet through reducing our debt level. Our strong performance for the year has driven significant free cash flow 2 generation, resulting in net bank debt 2 decreasing by £57.8m to £107.0m and bank leverage 2 decreasing from 2.5x at the previous year end to 1.4x as we make good progress towards our 0.5x-1.0x target range. Looking forward, the Group is well placed to grow profit and generate high levels of free cash flow given its market leading position, ongoing momentum on strategic initiatives, the underlying operational gearing in the business and our negative working capital profile. Basis of reporting The financial year ended 29 June 2025 represents a 52 week trading period. FY24 was a 53 week reporting period.