BETA Close X DFS Furniture PLC has announced that its Employee Benefit Trust (EBT) has completed the purchase of 1,300,000 ordinary shares and intends to acquire an additional 3,500,000 shares using £5.8 million gifted to the trustee. These funds, derived from employee contributions and an additional cash injection, will be used to satisfy obligations under various employee share schemes, including options and restricted shares for Persons Discharging Managerial Responsibility. The EBT currently holds 3,389,630 ordinary shares, representing 1.4% of the company's issued capital, with further monthly updates on shareholdings to be provided. Disclaimer* DFS Furniture PLC 01 April 2026 1 April 2026 DFS Furniture plc Completion of purchase of shares and intended purchase of shares by the Employee Benefit Trust Completion of purchase of shares by Employee Benefit Trust Further to the announcement on 8 December 2025, DFS Furniture PLC (the "Company") has been notifie d that the DFS Furniture PLC Employee Benefit Trust (the "EBT") completed the purchase of 1,300,000 ordinary shares of £0.10 each in the capital of the Company ("Ordinary Shares"). Intended purchase of shares by Employee Benefit Trust In accordance with the Group's internal policy to meet anticipated obligations over the next 12 months under the Compa ny's All Employee Share Scheme, long term incentive plans and restricted share plans, the Group has gifted £5.8m to Ocorian Limited (the "Trustee") through recycling employee contributions from its recent successful Save As You Earn all employee scheme and an additional cash contribution. The Trustee will use these funds to acquire a further 3,500,000 ordinary shares in the Company (the 'Market Purchases') for the EBT. The shares will be used to satisfy the exercise of share options by employees or the release of restricted shares, including to Persons Discharging Managerial Responsibility (PDMRs) of the Company. We will provide an update on a monthly basis to state the number of shares. Current Employee Benefit Trust share holding The EBT currently holds 3,389,630 ordinary shares in the Company representing 1.4% of the Company's issued capital. We will provide further updates of the EBT shareholdings on a monthly basis. Enquiries: Liz McDonald (Group Company Secretary) Phil Hutchinson (Investor Relations) investor.relations@dfs.co.uk About DFS Furniture plc The Group is the clear market-leading retailer of upholstered furniture in the United Kingdom. Our Group purpose is to bring great design and comfort into every living room, in an affordable, responsible and sustainable manner. We operate an integrated physical and digital retail network of living room furniture showrooms and web sites in the United Kingdom and Republic of Ireland, trading through our leading brands, DFS and Sofology. We attract customers through our targeted and national marketing activities and our reputation for high quality innovative products and services, breadth of product offer and favourable consumer financing options. We fulfill orders for our exclusive product ranges through our own UK finished goods factories, and through manufacturing partners located in the UK, Europe and Far East, and delivered with care through our expert final-mile delivery service 'The Sofa Delivery Company Limited'. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies DFS Furniture (DFS) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 2 days ago Ondo Insurtech 2 days ago Ondo Insurtech 2 days ago Sunbelt Rentals Holdings, Inc. 2 days ago Savannah Energy 2 days ago Savills All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and