BETA Close X DFS Furniture plc has announced a trading update indicating strong profit growth and cash flow, with full-year profit expected to exceed current market consensus. The company anticipates first-half underlying profit before tax and brand amortisation (PBTu(A)) to be between £30-31 million, a significant increase year-on-year. Group order intake rose by 2.3%, and gross sales are projected to increase by approximately 8.7%. Net bank debt has reduced to £60-61 million, with leverage improving to 0.8x. The company now expects full-year PBTu(A) to be between £43-50 million, surpassing the consensus of £41 million. Additionally, DFS has appointed Dominique Highfield as its new Chief Financial Officer, joining in May 2026. Disclaimer* DFS Furniture PLC 20 January 2026 20 January 2026 Immediate release DFS Furniture plc ("DFS" and the "Group") Trading Update Strategic execution driving strong profit growth and cash flow Full year profit expected to be ahead of current market consensus DFS Furniture plc, the market leading retailer of upholstered furniture in the United Kingdom, today announces a trading update for the 26 week financial reporting period ended 28 December 2025, together with an update on recent trading. Summary: ● Strong financial performance reflects our market leading customer proposition, strong gross margin progression, continued cost discipline and the benefits of operating leverage. ● H1 Group PBTu(A) 1 expected to be £30-31m, up +£13 to +£14m year on year. ● Group order intake during the period was up +2.3% year on year, with both DFS and Sofology brands achieving growth, against strong comparatives and in a broadly flat market. ● Gross sales recognised on delivery of orders to customers, are expected to be up +c8.7% year on year driven by the conversion to delivered orders of the elevated opening order bank as previously guided and the continued positive order intake performance. ● Strong free cash flow generation during the period resulted in net bank debt reducing from £107m at full year 2025 to c£60-61m at 28 December, with leverage 2 improving from 1.4x to 0.8x on a reported basis (1.0x adjusting for phasing of working capital) within our target range of 0.5x-1.0x. Recent trading and outlook: ● The important Winter sale trading period has started in line with our expectations. ● Whilst the macroeconomic and consumer outlook remains hard to predict, as a result of the strong first half performance and our trading performance through the second half to date we now expect full year PBTu(A) to be between £43-50m, ahead of current consensus of £41m. The Group will announce its interim results for the period ended 28 December 2025 on 19 March 2026. New Chief Financial Officer appointed : We are pleased to announce that Dominique Highfield will be joining the Group in May 2026 as our permanent CFO. Dominique is currently CFO at Bloom and Wild, and previously held senior finance and operational roles at Purplebricks, Pentland and Amazon. She has an excellent pedigree both in working with successful consumer brands and in supporting sustainable growth. We look forward to welcoming and working with Dominique. We would like to thank Marie Wall for her incredible support, contribution and impact throughout her time with the Group as interim CFO. She leaves DFS really well placed to capitalise on the opportunities we have ahead. The Board will work on a transition plan in the coming months to ensure a smooth and effective handover. We wish Marie every success in her future endeavours. Comment from Tim Stacey, Group Chief Executive "Our three key enablers of scale and vertical integration, utilising data and harnessing our unique culture are strengthening our market leading proposition and driving order intake across both DFS and Sofology in a broadly flat market. We have continued to make good progress growing our gross margins and managing our cost base effectively. As a result, I am pleased to report an upgrade to our full year profit expectations following a strong first half performance. I am confident that the business is well positioned to continue delivering against our strategy and we remain committed to achieving our medium term targets of £1.4bn revenue and 8% PBT margin and delivering attractive returns for our shareholders as the market recovers" 1 PBTu(A): Underlying profit before tax and brand amortisation 2 Banking covenant IAS17 leverage definition Enquiries: DFS (enquiries via Teneo) Tim Stacey (Group CEO) Marie Wall (Interim CFO) Phil Hutchinson (Investor Relations) investor.relations@dfs.co.uk Teneo James Macey-White Jessica Reid +44 (0)20 7353 4200 85fs.dfs@teneo.com About DFS Furniture plc The Group is the clear market-leading retailer of upholstered furniture in the United Kingdom. Our Group purpose is to bring great design and comfort into every living room, in an affordable, responsible and sustainable manner. We operate an integrated physical and digital retail network of living room furniture showrooms and web sites in the United Kingdom and Republic of Ireland, trading through our leading brands, DFS and Sofology. We attract customers through our targeted and national marketing activities and our reputation for high quality innovative products and services, breadth of product offer and favourable consumer financing options. We fulfil orders for our exclusive product ranges through our own UK finished goods factories, and through manufacturing partners located in the UK, Europe and Far East, and delivered with care through our expert final-mile delivery service "The Sofa Delivery Company Limited". This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies DFS Furniture (DFS) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 2 days ago Ondo Insurtech 2 days ago Ondo Insurtech 2 days ago Sunbelt Rentals Holdings, Inc. 2 days ago Savannah Energy 2 days ago Savills All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and