Directorate Change DFS Furniture PLC 24 February 2025 24 February 2025 DFS Furniture plc Directorate Change DFS Furniture plc is pleased to announce the appointment of Mr Tony Buffin as an Independent Non-Executive director of the Company effective from 24 February 2025. Mr Buffin will also be appointed as a member of the Audit Committee, Remuneration Committee, RSC Committee and Nomination Committees, and as the Designated Non-Executive Director, from that date. Steve Johnson, Chair said, I am delighted that Tony is joining the Board. His significant retail experience is directly relevant to the DFS' strategy. I look forward to working closely with Tony as we move forward with our strategy to accelerate growth and develop our home offering." Tony is the Chair of Nobia AB, Europe's leading kitchen specialist with Headquarters in Stockholm where it is listed. He is also a Non-Executive director of Applied Nutrition which recently listed on the London Stock Exchange. Mr Buffin does not currently hold any DFS Furniture Plc shares and no further information in connection with his appointment is required to be disclosed pursuant to Listing Rule 9.6.13R. Enquiries: DFS Liz McDonald, Group Company Secretary & General Counsel. About DFS Furniture plc The Group is the clear market-leading retailer of living room furniture in the United Kingdom. Our Group purpose is to bring great design and comfort into every home, in an affordable, responsible, and sustainable manner. We operate an integrated physical and digital retail network of living room furniture showrooms and web sites in the United Kingdom and Republic of Ireland, trading through our leading brands, DFS, Sofology and Dwell. We attract customers through our targeted and national marketing activities and our reputation for high quality products and service, breadth of product offer and favourable consumer financing options. We fulfil orders for our exclusive product ranges through our own three UK finished goods factories, and through manufacturing partners located in the UK, Europe, and Far East, and delivered with care through our expert final-mile delivery service "The Sofa Delivery Company Limited". This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies DFS Furniture (DFS) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 2 days ago Ondo Insurtech 2 days ago Ondo Insurtech 2 days ago Sunbelt Rentals Holdings, Inc. 2 days ago Savannah Energy 2 days ago Savills All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and