BETA Close X Ecora Royalties PLC has noted an update from Rainbow Rare Earths Limited regarding the Definitive Feasibility Study for the Phalaborwa rare earths project, where test work and pilot plant operations have optimized the flow sheet, with 75% now in the engineering phase. Ecora holds a 0.85% Gross Revenue Royalty on this project, which will increase to 1.10% if commercial production does not commence before July 1, 2028. Disclaimer* Ecora Royalties PLC 01 July 2026 1 July 2026 Ecora Royalties PLC ("Ecora") Update on the Phalaborwa Rare Earths Project DFS Ecora (LSE/TSX: ECOR, OTCQX: ECRAF) a critical minerals focused royalty company, notes the press release issued today by Rainbow Rare Earths Limited ("Rainbow") providing a detailed update on the Definitive Feasibility Study (DFS) for its Phalaborwa rare earths project. Highlights of the release include: · Test work and pilot plant operations have optimised and simplified the flow sheet at Phalaborwa · Major process decisions and optimisations have been delivered and implemented by Rainbow's in-house laboratory · Pilot plant has operated successfully during H1 2026 with data recovered feeding into the process design for the DFS · 75% of flowsheet now in engineering phase of DFS, final optimisation of the solvent extraction (SX) circuit underway. Ecora holds a 0.85% Gross Revenue Royalty on the Phalaborwa project, increasing to 1.10% if commercial production does not occur prior to 1 July 2028. The full announcement from Rainbow can be viewed here . For further information: Ecora Royalties PLC +44 (0) 20 3435 7400 Geoff Callow - Head of Investor Relations Website: www.e coraroyalties.c om FTI Consulting Sara Powell / Ben Brewerton / Nick Hennis +44 (0) 20 3727 1000 ecoraroyalties@fticonsulting.com About Ecora Ecora is a leading critical minerals focused royalty and streaming company. Copper is at the core of our portfolio which also includes other commodities linked to the trend of electrification, energy transition, infrastructure renewal and urbanisation, digital infrastructure, robotics and energy security. Our cash generative portfolio includes producing royalties and streams, and has a strong organic growth profile that is expected to generate substantial additional cash flow in the medium term. We take a disciplined approach to investments and acquisitions, focusing on high quality opportunities, in established mining jurisdictions and with experienced management teams. These investments have the potential to deliver enhanced returns through life of mine extension and commodity price outperformance. Our management team has a long and proven track record of originating, completing due diligence, innovatively structuring and completing accretive royalty and stream transactions in the critical minerals space. We allocate capital prudently, with a focus on growth, maintaining a strong balance sheet and returns to shareholders. Ecora's shares are listed on the London and Toronto Stock Exchanges (ECOR) and trade on the OTCQX Best Market (OTCQX: ECRAF). This information is provided by Reach, the non-regulatory press release distribution service of RNS, part of the London Stock Exchange. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Ecora Resources (ECOR) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 day ago Accsys Technologies 1 day ago CMC Markets 1 day ago Fuller Smith & Turner 1 day ago GSK 1 day ago Banco Santander S.A. All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and