Director/PDMR Shareholding DFS Furniture PLC 13 December 2024 13 December 2024 DFS Furniture plc (the "Company") Grant of awards under the DFS Group Share Plan (the "Plan") The Company announces the following transactions by persons discharging managerial responsibilities ("PDMRs") in ordinary shares of the Company with a nominal value of £0.10 ("Shares") which took place on 12 December 2024. The Executive Directors of the Company have been granted conditional share awards in the Company, pursuant to the Plan. Reflecting the interim nature of Marie Wall's role, her conditional share award is subject to an additional condition that the award will not be capable of vesting to the extent Marie Wall remains in an interim, temporary role. The quantum of the conditional share awards granted to Tim Stacey and Marie Wall was 80% and 65% of their respective base salaries. No consideration was payable for the grant of the awards. Conditional share awards granted under the Plan will vest after a three-year performance period, subject to achievement of underpin conditions and will be subject to a two-year holding period after vesting. Details of the conditional share awards under the Plan are as follows: Name Position Number of shares subject to conditional awards Tim Stacey Chief Executive Officer 283,196 Marie Wall Interim Chief Financial 182,724 NOTIFICATION AND PUBLIC DISCLOSURE OF TRANSACTIONS BY PERSONS DISCHARGING MANAGERIAL RESPONSIBILITIES AND PERSONS CLOSELY ASSOCIATED WITH THEM 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / person closely associated a) Name Tim Stacey 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/status Chief Executive Officer b) Initial notification /Amendment Initial notification 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name DFS Furniture plc b) LEI 213800GDSOBNKS1U1P93 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Identification code Ordinary shares of £0.10 each ISIN: GB00BTC0LB89 b) Nature of the transaction Grant of conditional share awards under the DFS Group Share Plan c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price: N/A Volume: 283,196 d) Aggregated information - Aggregated volume - Price Not applicable - single transactions e) Date of the transaction 12 December 2024 f) Place of the transaction Outside of a trading venue 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / person closely associated a) Name Marie Wall 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/status Interim Chief Financial Officer b) Initial notification /Amendment Initial notification 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name DFS Furniture plc b) LEI 213800GDSOBNKS1U1P93 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Identification code Ordinary shares of £0.10 each ISIN: GB00BTC0LB89 b) Nature of the transaction Grant of conditional share awards under the DFS Group Share Plan c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price: N/A Volume: 182,724 d) Aggregated information - Aggregated volume - Price Not applicable - single transactions e) Date of the transaction 12 December 2024 f) Place of the transaction Outside of a trading venue Enquiries: DFS Liz McDonald (Group Company Secretary) investor.relations@dfs.co.uk Teneo James Macey-White +44 (0)20 7353 4200 About DFS Furniture plc The Group is the clear market-leading retailer of living room furniture in the United Kingdom. Our Group purpose is to bring great design and comfort into every living room, in an affordable, responsible and sustainable manner. We operate an integrated physical and digital retail network of living room furniture showrooms and web sites in the United Kingdom, Republic of Ireland, trading through our leading brands, DFS and Sofology. We attract customers through our targeted and national marketing activities and our reputation for high quality products and service, breadth of product offer and favourable consumer financing options. We fulfil orders for our exclusive product ranges through our own UK finished goods factories, and through manufacturing partners located in the UK, Europe and Far East, and delivered with care through our expert final-mile delivery service "The Sofa Delivery Company Limited". This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies DFS Furniture (DFS) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 2 days ago Ondo Insurtech 2 days ago Ondo Insurtech 2 days ago Sunbelt Rentals Holdings, Inc. 2 days ago Savannah Energy 2 days ago Savills All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and