BETA Close X Swedbank has reached a settlement with the New York State Department of Financial Services (DFS) for USD 50 million to resolve investigations into historical shortcomings, specifically for failing to disclose information on two occasions in 2016 and 2018. This settlement concludes all investigations into the bank's past issues concerning money laundering and terrorist financing prevention and information disclosure between 2007 and 2019. The USD 50 million payment will be recognized as a cost in the third quarter, allowing Swedbank to refocus on its customers, business development, and shareholder value. Disclaimer* Swedbank AB 16 July 2026 16 July 2026 Settlement with DFS - all investigations of historical shortcomings concluded Swedbank has reached a settlement with the New York State Department of Financial Services (DFS) to pay USD 50 million for failure to disclose information to the authority on two occasions, once in 2016 and once in 2018. With this settlement all investigations into Swedbank's historical shortcomings have been concluded. "All investigations into the bank's historical shortcomings have been concluded. Swedbank can now devote full focus to customers, developing the business and delivering shareholder value," says Göran Persson, Chairman of the Board of Directors, Swedbank. The investigations began in 2019 and have been conducted in Sweden, Estonia and the United States. They have concerned Swedbank's work on preventing money laundering and terrorist financing as well as disclosure of information during the period 2007-2019. "The DFS investigation has involved conduct from almost a decade ago. We can now put it behind us," says Jens Henriksson, President and CEO, Swedbank. The amount payable to DFS will be recognised as a cost in the third quarter. Contact Maria Caneman, Head of Investor Relations Phone: +46 72 238 32 10 E-mail: maria.caneman@swedbank.se Hannes Mård, Head of Press Phone: +46 73 057 41 95 E-mail: hannes.mard@swedbank.se This information constitutes inside information that Swedbank is obliged to make public pursuant to the EU Market Abuse Regulation (EU nr 596/2014). The information was submitted for publication, through the agency of the contact person set out above, 16 July 2026, at 15:55 CEST. Swedbank empowers the many people and businesses to create a better future. Our vision is a financially sound and sustainable society. Swedbank Group is the leading bank with over 7 million retail customers and 550 000 corporate customers in our four home markets Sweden, Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania. Swedbank Group is also present in other Nordic countries, the U.S. and China. Together we make your financial life easier. Find out more: www.swedbank.com This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies SWEDBANK AB (81BO) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 day ago Accsys Technologies 1 day ago CMC Markets 1 day ago Fuller Smith & Turner 1 day ago GSK 1 day ago Banco Santander S.A. All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and