BETA Close X DFS Furniture plc announces that Dominique Highfield has officially joined the Board as an Executive Director, effective May 5, 2026, fulfilling her previously announced appointment as Chief Financial Officer. This formal integration of the CFO onto the board is a standard corporate governance step and satisfies the Group's disclosure obligations under UK Listing Rule 6.4.8. Disclaimer* DFS Furniture PLC 06 May 2026 6 May 2026 DFS Furniture plc Directorate change DFS Furniture plc (the "Group"), the market leading retailer of living room and upholstered furniture in the United Kingdom, is pleased to announce that, further to the Group's announcement on 20 January 2026, regarding Dominique Highfield's appointment as Chief Financial Officer, Dominique has now joined the Board as an Executive Director with effect from the 5 May 2026. We are delighted to welcome Dominique to the Group. She is a highly accomplished Chief Financial Officer and prior to her appointment she was the Chief Financial Officer at Bloom and Wild, and previously held senior finance and operational roles at Purplebricks, Pentland and Amazon. This announcement satisfies DFS' disclosure obligations in accordance with UK Listing Rule 6.4.8. Enquiries: DFS Furniture PLC Liz McDonald Group Counsel and Company Secretary liz.mcdonald@dfs.co.uk About DFS Furniture plc The Group is the clear market-leading retailer of living room furniture in the United Kingdom. Our Group purpose is to bring great design and comfort into every home, in an affordable, responsible and sustainable manner. We operate an integrated physical and digital retail network of living room furniture showrooms and websites in the United Kingdom and the Republic of Ireland, trading through our retail brands, DFS and Sofology. We attract customers through our targeted and national marketing activities and our reputation for high quality products and service, breadth of product offer and favourable consumer financing options. We fulfil orders for our exclusive product ranges through our own three UK finished goods factories, and through manufacturing partners located in the UK, Europe and Far East, and delivered with care through our expert final-mile delivery service company The Sofa Delivery Company Limited This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies DFS Furniture (DFS) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 2 days ago Ondo Insurtech 2 days ago Ondo Insurtech 2 days ago Sunbelt Rentals Holdings, Inc. 2 days ago Savannah Energy 2 days ago Savills All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and