BETA Close X DFS Furniture PLC has announced that two Persons Discharging Managerial Responsibilities (PDMRs) purchased shares on 12 November 2025; Anthony Buffin acquired 2,898 shares at £1.56 per share, and Suzanne Buffin, a person closely associated with Anthony Buffin, purchased 33,000 shares at £1.60 per share. These transactions, involving ordinary shares, were conducted on the market in London and are being publicly disclosed in accordance with market abuse regulations. Disclaimer* DFS Furniture PLC 13 November 2025 13 November 202 5 DFS Furniture PLC PDMR SHARE PURCHASE NOTIFICATION AND PUBLIC DISCLOSURE OF TRANSACTIONS BY PERSONS DISCHARGING MANAGERIAL RESPONSIBILITIES AND PERSONS CLOSELY ASSOCIATED WITH THEM The Company has been notified that on 12 November 2025, the following Persons Discharging Managerial Responsibilities ("PDMRs") purchased shares in the Company: Name of PDMR Number of shares acquired Purchase price per share Date acquired Anthony Buffin 2,898 £1.56 12 November 2025 Suzanne Buffin 33,000 £1.60 12 November 2025 The Notification of Dealing Form for each PDMR can be found below. This announcement is made in accordance with the UK Market Abuse Regulation (Regulation (EU) 596/2014, as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018). 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / person closely associated a) Name Anthony Buffin 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/status Non-Executive Director b) Initial notification /Amendment Initial notification 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name DFS Furniture PLC b) LEI 213800GDSOBNKS1U1P93 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Identification code Ordinary Shares 0.10p ISIN: GB00BTC0LB89 b) Nature of the transaction Purchase of shares on the market c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price - £1.56 Volume - 2,898 d) Aggregated information - Aggregated volume - Price N/A e) Date of the transaction 12 November 202 5 f) Place of the transaction London 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / person closely associated a) Name Suzanne Buffin PCA of Anthony Buffin, Non-Executive Director 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/status Person Closely Associated b) Initial notification /Amendment Initial notification 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name DFS Furniture PLC b) LEI 213800GDSOBNKS1U1P93 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Identification code Ordinary Shares 0.10p ISIN: GB00BTC0LB89 b) Nature of the transaction Purchase of shares on the market c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price - £1.60 Volume - 33,000 d) Aggregated information - Aggregated volume - Price N/A e) Date of the transaction 12 November 2025 f) Place of the transaction London Enquiries: DFS Liz McDonald (Group Company Secretary) Phil Hutchinson Investor Relations investor.relations@dfs.co.uk Teneo James Macey-White Ayo Sangobowale +44 (0)20 7353 4200 85fs.dfs@teneo.com About DFS Furniture plc The Group is the clear market-leading retailer of living room furniture in the United Kingdom. Our Group purpose is to bring great design and comfort into every living room, in an affordable, responsible and sustainable manner. We operate an integrated physical and digital retail network of living room furniture showrooms and web sites in the United Kingdom and Republic of Ireland, trading through our leading brands, DFS and Sofology. We attract customers through our targeted and national marketing activities and our reputation for high quality products and service, breadth of product offer and favourable consumer financing options. We fulfil orders for our exclusive product ranges through our own UK finished goods factories, and through manufacturing partners located in the UK, Europe and Far East, and delivered with care through our expert final-mile delivery service "The Sofa Delivery Company Limited". This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies DFS Furniture (DFS) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 2 days ago Ondo Insurtech 2 days ago Ondo Insurtech 2 days ago Sunbelt Rentals Holdings, Inc. 2 days ago Savannah Energy 2 days ago Savills All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and