BETA Close X On October 23, 2025, DFS Furniture PLC announced the grant of a conditional share award to Tim Stacey, the Chief Executive Officer, under the DFS Group Share Plan. The award consists of 293,482 shares, representing 87.5% of his base salary. No consideration was payable for the grant. The conditional share awards will vest after a three-year performance period, contingent upon achieving specific underpin conditions, and will be subject to a two-year holding period following vesting. The nominal value of each share is £0.10, and the price per share for the transaction is £0.00. Disclaimer* DFS Furniture PLC 23 October 2025 23 October 2025 DFS Furniture PLC Grant of an award under the DFS Group Share Plan NOTIFICATION OF TRANSACTIONS OF DIRECTORS, PERSONS DISCHARGING MANAGERIAL RESPONSIBILITY OR CONNECTED PERSONS Grant of awards under the DFS Group Share Plan (the "Plan") The Company announces the following transaction by persons discharging managerial responsibilities ("PDMRs") in ordinary shares of the Company with a nominal value of £0.10 ("Shares") which took place on 23 October 2025. The Company has granted Mr Tim Stacey a conditional share award in the pursuant to the Plan. The quantum of the conditional share award granted to Tim Stacey was 87.5% of his base salary No consideration was payable for the grant of the awards. Conditional share awards granted under the Plan will vest after a three-year performance period, subject to achievement of underpin conditions and will be subject to a two-year holding period after vesting. Details of the conditional share awards under the Plan are as follows: Name Position Number of shares subject to conditional awards Tim Stacey Chief Executive Officer 293,482 The Notification of Dealing Form for each PDMR can be found below. This announcement is made in accordance with the UK Market Abuse Regulation (Regulation (EU) 596/2014, as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018). 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / person closely associated a) Name Tim Stacey 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/status Chief Executive Officer b) Initial notification /Amendment Initial notification 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name DFS Furniture PLC b) LEI 213800GDSOBNKS1U1P93 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Identification code Ordinary Shares 0.10p ISIN: GB00BTC0LB89 b) Nature of the transaction Grant of conditional share awards under the DFS Group Share Plan c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price - £0.00 Volume - 293,482 d) Aggregated information - Aggregated volume - Price 293,482 £0.00 e) Date of the transaction 23 October 202 5 f) Place of the transaction Outside a trading venue This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies DFS Furniture (DFS) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 2 days ago Ondo Insurtech 2 days ago Ondo Insurtech 2 days ago Sunbelt Rentals Holdings, Inc. 2 days ago Savannah Energy 2 days ago Savills All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and