INNOVATEINNOVATE
toto
CHINA UNICOM (HONG KONG) LIMITED
Stock Code : 762
ANNUAL REPORT 2024
We strengthened the integration of mobile/broadband, data/AI,
as well as digital/real economies to enhance our diﬀerentiated 
competitive advantages and promote sustainable business development
WE ADVOCATE
 INTEGRA TION INTEGRA TION
Integration of 
mobile and broadband businesses
Integrated subscriber penetration 77%
Integration of digital and real economies
>29,000 5G industrial Internet projects
Integration of digital and real economies
>29,000 5G industrial Internet projects
Integration of data and AI
Developed dozens of
industry-speciﬁc AI large models
Integration of data and AI
Developed dozens of
industry-speciﬁc AI large models
WE DRIVE
WE DRIVE
INNOV A TIONINNOV A TIONINNOV A TION
We deeply promoted network innovation, technology innovation and 
service innovation to lead the development of new quality productivity,
building the second growth driver of our business
Service Innovation
Operating revenue steadily
grew by 4.6%
Service Innovation
Operating revenue steadily
grew by 4.6%
Technology Innovation
R&D investment
increased by 9.1%
Technology Innovation
R&D investment
increased by 9.1%
Network Innovation
Signiﬁcant optimisation in
investment structure
Network Innovation
Signiﬁcant optimisation in
investment structure
WE CREATE
WE CREATE
VA LU EVA LU EVA LU E
Operational quality continued to be enhanced,
leading to new breakthroughs in high-quality development
Net proﬁt*
increased by 10.1%
Net proﬁt*
increased by 10.1%
ROE
improved by 0.4 pp to 5.8%
ROE
improved by 0.4 pp to 5.8%
CAPEX
decreased by 17%
CAPEX
decreased by 17%
*Net proﬁt refers to the proﬁt attributable to equity shareholders of the Company
WE SHARE
WE SHARE
SUCCESSSUCCESS
We highly value shareholder return. In 2024, our dividend payout
ratio increased by 5pp to 60%, and dividend per share (DPS) increased by 20%.
We are committed to sharing the fruits of development with shareholders
DPS
increased by 20%
DPS
increased by 20%
Dividend payout ratio
increased by 5pp to 60%
Dividend payout ratio
increased by 5pp to 60%
SUCCESS
CONT ENTSCONT ENTSCONT ENTS
Forward-looking statements
Certain statements contained in this report may be viewed as “forward-
looking statements”. Such forward-looking statements are subject to 
known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, which may 
cause the actual performance, financial condition or results of operations 
of the Company to be materially different from any future performance, 
financial condition or results of operations implied by such forward-
looking statements. In addition, we do not intend to update these 
forward-looking statements. Neither the Company nor the directors, 
employees or agents of the Company assume any liabilities in the event 
that any of the forward-looking statements does not materialise or turns 
out to be incorrect.
088 Independent Auditor’s Report
093 Consolidated Statement of Income
094 Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income
095 Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
098 Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
099 Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
102 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
210 Financial Summary
212 Corporate Information
213 Corporate Culture
28
Directors and  
Senior Management
20
Financial Overview
26
Recognition and 
Awards
16
Business Overview
8
Chairman’s 
Statement
4
Performance 
Highlights
3
Shareholding  
Structure
2
Company Profile 
40
Corporate  
Governance Report
68
Report of  
Directors
86
Human Resources 
Development
6
Major Events
3
Annual Report 2024China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited2
COMPANY
PROFILE
SHAREHOLDING
ST RUCTURE
China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited (the “Company”) was incorporated in Hong Kong on 8 February 2000 and was 
listed on the New York Stock Exchange# and the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited on 21 June 2000 and 22 June 
2000 resp
ectively. On 1 June 2001, the Company was included as a constituent stock of the Hang Seng Index. The 
Company merged with China Netcom Group Corporation (Hong Kong) Limited on 15 October 2008.
China Unicom establishes branches in 31 provinces in China (including autonomous regions and municipalities) 
and multiple countries and regions overseas. The Company’s telecommunication network and global customer 
service system covers China and connects to the world. The Company has been one of the “Fortune Global 500” 
companies for consecutive years, and ranked 279th in “Fortune Global 500” for the year 2024. It was also voted 
as “Asia’s Most Honored Telecom Company” in 2024 for the ninth consecutive year by Institutional Investor.
China Unicom is committed to the development of the network and information industry and fulfilling the mission 
of a central state-owned enterprise. It aims to enhance its core functions and competitive edge comprehensively 
to better serve the construction of Cyber Superpower and Digital China. It safeguards national network and 
information security, acts as the leading contributor of digital information operation and services and the pioneer 
of digital technology integration and innovation. It fully leverages its role in technological innovation, industrial 
control, and security support.
To become a world-class technology service enterprise with global competitiveness, the Company 
steadily promotes the two main businesses of Connectivity  
and  
Communications (“CC”) and 
Computing  
and 
Digital  
Smart 
Applications (“CDSA”). It holistically builds comprehensive digital information 
infrastructure with industry-leading coverage, breadth and depth, so as to build an unobstructed information 
channel and a new digital base for economic and social development. Using technologically leading and highly 
integrated digital services which are “comprehensive in coverage, fully online and cloudified, green and one-
stop”, it helps thousands of industries “migrate to the cloud, and use data for intelligent empowerment”. It 
promotes the development of the digital economy and information consumption upgrade, enhances customers’ 
satisfaction and sense of reward in information and communication services, and lets the whole society further 
enjoy the new benefits brought by information and communication development.
Note:
# The  Company’s ADSs were delisted from the New York Stock Exchange on 18 May 2021. Please refer to the 
Company’s announcement dated 23 July 2021 for details.
* In  2017, approximately 10.9 billion shares of China United Network Communications Limited were acquired by the strategic investors introduced by the mixed 
ownership reform through non public share issuance and transfer of existing shares. These shares were no longer restricted from sale in November 2020. 
** Pursuant
 to the phase 2 restrictive share incentive scheme in 2022, China United Network Communications Limited granted restricted shares to the core 
management talents and professional talents.
 ***
 E
xcluded the interest regarding the pre-emptive right owned by China Unicom Group Corporation (BVI) Limited in 225,722,791 shares of the Company.
Public
Shareholders 
Strategic investors*, employee
restrictive incentive share**
and other public shareholders 
 
China Unicom (BVI) Limited
China Unicom
Group Corporation
(BVI) Limited
CHINA UNITED
NETWORK
COMMUNICATIONS
LIMITED  
(Issued shares: approximately
31.8 billion shares) 
CHINA UNITED
NETWORK
COMMUNICATIONS 
GROUP COMPANY 
LIMITED 
64.2%
35.8%
17.9%
26.4%
***
100%
82.1%
20.1%
53.5%
CHINA UNICOM
(HONG KONG)
 LIMITED 
(Issued shares: approximately
30.6 billion shares)
As at 31 December 2024
5
Annual Report 2024China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited4
2024 2023 Change YoY
    
Operating Revenue 389.59 372.60 4.6%
Service Revenue 345.98 335.17 3.2%
Of which: Connectivity and Communications business revenue 1,2 261.33 257.45 1.5%
Computing and Digital Smart Applications business revenue 3 82.49 75.25 9.6%
Net Profit 4 20.61 18.73 10.1%
Basic EPS (RMB) 0.674 0.612 10.1%
Dividend per share 5 (RMB) 0.4043 0.3366 20.1%     
Note 1:  Conne ctivity and Communications business includes six major categories: mobile connectivity, broadband connectivity, TV connectivity, leased line 
connectivity, communications service, and information service.
Note 2:  Fr
om 2024 onwards, interconnection revenue is classified as Connectivity and Communications business revenue based on its business attributes 
during revenue analysis, and relevant data in 2023 are presented on the same basis.
Note 3:
 Computing
 and Digital Smart Applications business includes six major categories: Unicom Cloud, IDC, system integration, data services, intelligence 
services and cybersecurity.
Note 4:  N
et profit represented profit attributable to equity shareholders of the Company.
Note 5:  The
 proposed 2024 final dividend of RMB0.1562 per share is subject to approval by the shareholders at the annual general meeting. Together with 
the interim dividend of RMB0.2481 per share already paid, total dividend for the year is RMB0.4043 per share.
PERFORMANCE
HIGHLIGHTS
FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHT  (RMB billions)
1. To r eflect the business opportunities brought by the development of artificial intelligence in terms 
of general computing and intelligent computing, the scope of Unicom Cloud revenue has been 
optimised to include revenue from cloud IDC, cloud resources, cloud platform, cloud service, cloud 
integration, cloud interconnection, cloud security, etc. generated from integrated innovative 
solutions
UNICOM CLOUD 1
REVENUE  (RMB BIL)
DATA CENTRE  REVENUE
(RMB BIL)
68.6
2024
25.9
2024
 17.1 %  7.4 %
INTELLIGENCE SERVICES  
REVENUE
(RMB BIL)
DATA SERVICES
REVENUE  
(RMB BIL)
7.1 6.4
2024 2024
 26.5 %  20.8 %
7
Annual Report 2024China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited6
MAJOR EVENTS
January 2024
China Unicom established the Artificial Intelligence Innovation 
Center to accelerate its deployment in the emerging AI industry,  
contributing significantly to the Company’s technological innovation and 
high-quality development.
June 2024
China Unicom established its Saudi Arabia 
subsidiary, becoming the first Chinese telecom 
operator to obtain the Commercial Registration 
Certificate in Saudi Arabia. It is also China Unicom’s 
first branch in the Middle East.
September 2024
China Unicom launched the “Carbon Exploration 
Green Action Plan,” implementing a new “3+5+1+1” 
green action scheme aimed at becoming a trusted 
green ecosystem navigator for customers.
China Unicom Data Intelligence Co., Ltd. was 
established to focus on developing professional 
and specialised products and services in the fields 
of AI and big data, aiming to turn China Unicom 
into a “leading brand for digital-intelligence  
service innovation”.
December 2024
China Unicom (HONG KONG) Innovation Research Institute Limited was officially 
established, and China Unicom’s international brand was fully rebranded as UniCom.
China Unicom successfully completed the technical verification of “AI Large Model 300 
Kilometer Distributed Collaborative Training,” fully validating the commercial feasibility of 
DC collaborative training technology, providing a new solution for AI large model training.
July 2024
The China Unicom Partners Conference was 
successfully held, where the UniAI large model 2.0, 
the Computing Power AI Network (AINet), and other 
significant achievements were announced, along 
with the unveiling of China Unicom’s mascot, Tone.
China Unicom received approval from the Ministry 
of Industry and Information Technology for two 
international communication business exchange 
stations in Qingdao and Haikou, marking a new 
milestone in its construction of international 
communication infrastructure.
February 2024
China Unicom launched “Yanfei”, the world’s 
first 5G RedCap product matrix, and released ten 
achievements of 5G-A innovative demonstration, 
the “1+1+M” UniAI large model system and a series 
of AI innovation achievements, etc.
May 2024
China Unicom successfully completed the world’s 
first verification of massive data wide-area high-
throughput lossless transmission over a distance 
exceeding 3,000 kilometers, laying a technological 
foundation for intelligent computing and  
connectivity in the “Eastern Data and Western 
Computing” scenario.
China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited
 9
Annual Report 2024China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited8
OVERALL RESULTS
In 2024, the Company’s operating revenue grew steadily, reaching RMB389.6 billion, up by 4.6% year-on-
year, leading the industry in growth rate. CC business revenue1,2 accounted for 76% of service revenue, and 
grew by 1.5% year-on-year. CDSA business revenue 3 accounted for 24% of service revenue, and grew by 
9.6% year-on-year. Profitability continued to improve, with profit attributable to equity shareholders of the 
Company reaching RMB20.6 billion, up by 10.1% year-on-year, and return on equity (ROE) 4 rising to 5.8%.
The Company highly values shareholder return and is committed to sharing the fruits of development with 
shareholders. In view of the good performance over the past year, the Board of Directors proposed a final 
dividend5 of RMB0.1562 per share (pre tax). Together with the interim dividend of RMB0.2481 per share 
(pre tax) already paid, the full-year dividend reached RMB0.4043 per share (pre tax), representing a year-
on-year increase of 20.1%. In 2024, the dividend payout ratio reached 60%, up by 5 percentage points year-
on-year.
CC business provided steady support. Subscriber scale reached another record high. The total number of 
mobile and broadband subscribers reached 470 million, with a net addition of 19.52 million. The number of 
Internet of Things (IoT) connections exceeded 620 million, with a net addition of 130 million. The number 
of Internet of Vehicles (IoV) connections reached 76 million, maintaining the leading position in industry. 
Gewu Industrial Internet platform managed over 12 million devices, accounting for 1/8 of the total number 
of devices nationwide.
CDSA business grew with quality enhancement.  Unicom Cloud revenue 6 was RMB68.6 billion, up by 
17.1% year-on-year, and IDC revenue was RMB25.9 billion, up by 7.4% year-on-year. Intelligent computing 
business drove strong growth in computing power services, with newly signed contract value exceeding 
RMB26 billion last year.
CHAIRMAN’S
STAT E M E N T
CHEN ZHONGYUE
Chairman and
Chief Executive Officer
Dear Shareholders,
In 2024, China Unicom focused on the two 
main businesses, namely Connectivity and 
Communications (CC) and Computing and 
Digital Smart Applications (CDSA),  
with the aim of advancing network innovation, 
technology innovation and service innovation, 
and achieving new breakthroughs in high-
quality development.
China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited
10
NETWORK INNOVATION
The Company built new infrastructure that is fast, 
ubiquitous, integrated with computing-networks, 
green and low-carbon. It enhanced network 
intelligence to solidify the foundation for high-quality 
development. The Company adhered to a precise 
and moderate investment strategy, comprehensively 
deepened co-build co-share, and promoted intelligent 
operations across the entire network, striving to build 
an ultra-lean network, thereby achieving coordinated 
development of connectivity and computing networks 
as well as synergetic domestic and international 
deployment.
In 2024, the Company’s capital expenditure was 
RMB61.37 billion, down by 17% year-on-year. Within 
that, computing power investment increased by 19% 
year-on-year, with better network quality and higher 
efficiency. Mobile network population coverage 
rate reached 99%, up by nearly 1 percentage point, 
benefiting millions of customers. The number of 
broadband network ports increased by 5% year-
on-year, benefiting tens of millions of households. 
Equipment consolidation and AI empowerment have 
shown significant results, saving RMB1.9 billion in 
operating expenses (OPEX) annually, with energy 
consumption per unit of business decreasing by 10%.
The Company promoted the capability upgrade of 
its mobile and broadband networks, achieving wider 
coverage and better experience.  The number of 
mobile network base stations exceeded 4.5 million, 
with deeper network coverage in key scenarios 
such as high-speed rail, subways, popular tourist 
attractions, and densely populated residential areas. 
It accelerated the large-scale commercialisation of 
5G-A by deploying carrier aggregation in 300 cities to 
achieve 10-gigabit downlink and gigabit uplink ultra-
high speed. RedCap upgrade was carried out in 150 
cities, enabling full-spectrum and universal-mode 
applications. The number of broadband network ports 
reached 280 million, with 10G PON ports accounting 
for more than 80%, supporting the rapid growth of 
gigabit broadband subscribers. It accelerated the 
construction of 10-gigabit optical networks to assist 
Beijing, Tianjian, Shanghai, Guangzhou, Shenzhen, etc. 
in becoming the first double 10-gigabit cities.
The Company enriched computing power and 
computing-network innovative supply, with larger 
scale and stronger capabilities.  It accelerated the 
upgrade from IDC to AIDC and from general computing 
to intelligent computing. It constructed large-scale 
intelligent computing centres in Shanghai, Guangdong, 
Hong Kong, Inner Mongolia, Ningxia, Guizhou, etc. It 
established over 300 integrated training and inference 
computing resource pools, with intelligent computing 
capacity exceeding 17 EFLOPS, better meeting the 
demand for AI training and inference. It has built a 
computing power intelligent network (AINet), fully 
covering eight national computing hubs and 22 
provincial backbone nodes. It upgraded Unicom Cloud 
“Xingluo” computing power allocation platform to 
enhance the intelligent allocation across the entire 
network.
The Company built a robust and widespread 
international network with computing-network 
integration, stronger presence and richer resources.  
It enhanced the backbone capacity in Asia-Pacific, 
Asia-America and Asia-Africa-Europe directions, 
established new international exchanges in Qingdao 
and Haikou, constructed over 60 submarine and 
terrestrial cables and over 400 points of presence 
(POP), covering over 200 countries and regions. 
Leveraging the role of the Hong Kong Tseung Kwan O 
Data Centre as a hub, the Company aggregated its own 
computing power in Tokyo, Singapore, and Frankfurt, 
etc. to connect with the resource pools of over 50 
leading global cloud service providers, providing 
high-quality computing network services to global 
customers.
CHAIRMAN’S STA TEMENT
11
Annual Report 2024
TECHNOLOGY INNOVATION
The Company deepened the integration and 
innovation of communication technology (CT), 
information technology (IT), data technology (DT), 
artificial intelligence technology (AT), and operational 
technology (OT) to enhance the Company’s intrinsic 
vibrancy and core strength.
The Company continued to increase investment in 
innovation, with R&D expenses up by 9.1% year-
on-year.  It recruited and cultivated more top-
notch technological talents, with the proportion 
of technological innovation talents reaching 42%, 
and the proportion of R&D personnel nearly 10%. 
It continuously improved its innovation system, 
establishing innovation entities in Beijing-Tianjin-
Hebei, the Yangtze River Delta, and the Guangdong-
Hong Kong-Macau Greater Bay Area, etc. In particular, 
it consolidated professional institutions in Big Data and 
artificial intelligence to establish China Unicom Data 
Intelligence Co., Ltd. and Data Science and Artificial 
Intelligence Research Institute,  to create a highland 
of digital intelligence technology and industry. 
Since last year, we have made a series of landmark 
achievements, such as winning the First Prize for 
National Science and Technology Progress and the 
GSMA Global Mobile Awards.
The Company made advance deployment for the 
next-generation Internet. Leveraging the role of 
the National Engineering Research Centre as an 
innovation driver, the Company advanced the 
innovation in “Internet 2030” basic protocols and 
system architecture, and conducted validation 
on performance attributes such as network-wide 
interconnection, deterministic carriage, AI-native 
features, and computing-network integration. It 
conducted research on key technologies such as 
wide-area lossless transmission and inter-network 
computing power allocation It achieved for the 
first time lossless data transmission over more 
than 3,000 km as well as storage-computation 
separation of data set across 200 km, enhancing the 
throughput, performance, and intelligence of AINet. 
The Company built and operated Sanjiangyuan Park 
which demonstrates integration of green power with 
intelligent computing, a 10,000-accelerator Green 
Computing Centre in Qinghai, achieving computing-
network and computing-electricity integration, with 
the average cluster utilisation rate expected to exceed 
60%.
China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited
12
CHAIRMAN’S STA TEMENT
The Company accelerated the R&D and application 
of next-generation mobile communications. It 
conducted research on key 5G-A technologies such as 
millimetre wave (mmWave), multi-frequency sensing, 
and reconfigurable intelligent surfaces (RIS), applying 
them to key scenarios in the IoT, IoV and industrial 
Internet. This supports efficient inference through 
edge-cloud collaboration, real-time computation 
through vehicle-cloud collaboration, and rapid 
switching of flexible production lines. It conducted 
research on key technologies such as ultra-low latency, 
high-precision positioning, and dense sensing in low-
altitude intelligent networks and satellite internet. 
It established national-class test zones in Anyang, 
Nanjing, etc., to promote integrated innovation 
across air, space, land and sea. The Company engaged 
in 6G standard development, technology R&D and 
validation to prepare for 6G industry development.
The Company promoted the integrated innovation 
of data and AI in a unified manner. By deeply 
cultivating Big Data business, the Company built high-
quality data sets that aggregate internal and external, 
multi-industry data, and made breakthroughs in 
key technologies such as dynamic generation of 
vector data and distributed collaborative computing. 
It established a technologically advanced, high-
performance, and cross-domain integrated data 
platform, and upgraded Trusted Data Space, 
consolidating its leading data governance and data 
security capabilities. The Company developed 
the UniAI large model  with breakthroughs in key 
technologies such as adaptive slow thinking and 
asymmetric mixture of experts (MoE) architecture, 
ranking among the top in international benchmarks 
of language, multi-modal, speech and visual models. 
In particular, in industrial Internet, the Gewu platform 
has integrated with the UniAI large model to generate 
precise mappings of over 1,000 industrial equipment 
object models, comprehensively enhancing the 
convenience of application development. It has 
created a software gateway that automatically parses 
over 100 industrial protocols, significantly improving 
the efficiency of equipment connectivity.
SERVICE INNOVATION
The Company fully embraced artificial intelligence and 
launched a series of new AI products and services, 
in order to tap into this vast market and enhance its 
value creation capability.
Innovative upgrade in digital smart services. The 
Company provided public customers with smart living 
services in different scenarios. It launched AI agents 
such as 5G New Calling, “Smart Home Tone” robot 
and smart customer service. The Company iteratively 
upgraded its Smart Home platform, leading to scale 
development of products such as Unicom Cloud 
Handset, Unicom Cloud Drive, Unicom Housekeeper, 
and Unicom UHD. There were over 180 million Unicom 
Cloud Drive subscribers, and over 50 million Unicom 
UHD subscribers. Adhering to business integration 
and market convergence, the Company’s subscriber 
structure continued to be optimised. The penetration 
of integrated subscribers exceeded 77%. Subscriber 
value continued to rise and the ARPU of integrated 
package subscribers exceeded RMB100.
13
Annual Report 2024
Unicom Cloud Intelligent Upgrade. The Company 
achieved integrated operation of intelligent 
computing and general computing, integrating key 
capabilities such as AI model training and inference, 
native storage, lossless network, and cluster 
coordination, providing services such as intelligent 
computing, data, and models, flexibly meeting the 
one-stop service needs of artificial intelligence. 
China Unicom, as the official partner of telecom 
and cloud services for Harbin Asian Winter Games, 
achieved integrated innovation of 5G-A network 
and high-definition cloud broadcasting, supporting 
the cloudified and hi-tech Asian Winter Games. In 
particular during the Two Sessions this year, China 
Unicom’s UniAI MaaS platform integrated reasoning 
capability and security technology to develop 5G 
rich media and AI agents, demonstrating the great 
potential of the integrated innovation of digital 
technology and media communication.
Digital smart applications made a breakthrough 
in scale. The Company  focused on the industrial 
Internet, and leveraged on the edges of 5G private 
networks and the Gewu platform to integrate 
industrial Big Data and large industrial models to 
effectively empower production scenarios such as 
design simulation, control optimisation, and predictive 
maintenance. It has cumulatively implemented over 
29,000 industrial Internet projects and established 
over 7,100 5G factories, achieving leadership in service 
capability and market position. Focusing on digital 
government service, the Company enhanced its 
integrated capabilities in government networks, cloud, 
Big Data, and intelligent applications, empowering the 
intelligent upgrade of service hotlines and intelligent 
urban governance, enhancing digital government 
service capability. Intelligence services revenue 
reached RMB7.1 billion, up by 26.5% year-on-year. 
Data services revenue reached RMB6.4 billion, up by 
20.8% year-on-year.
The Company fully rebranded its international 
business.  In 2024, its international business growth 
accelerated, with revenue reaching RMB12.5 billion, 
up by 15.2% year-on-year. It established branches in 
Saudi Arabia, Peru, the United Arab Emirates (UAE), 
Uzbekistan, etc. to better serve the global roaming and 
digital needs of customers. In particular, the Company 
leveraged its globally integrated IoV operational 
advantages to serve the overseas expansion of leading 
Chinese automotive enterprises and to facilitate the 
development of the intelligent connected new energy 
vehicle industry. In December last year, the Company 
launched its international brand UniCom, further 
accelerating the pace of international development 
and enhancing globalised operations.
China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited
14
CHAIRMAN’S STA TEMENT
SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY AND 
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
The Company actively fulfils its corporate ESG 
responsibilities.
In terms of green practices, the Company released 
a Green Action Plan, in an effort to deepen network 
energy conservation, explore computing-electricity 
synergy and adopt clean energy. 22 data centres were 
rated as the national green data centres.
In terms of livelihood support, the Company upgraded 
the “Unicom Digital Village” platform, serving 260,000 
administrative villages and 280 million villagers, and 
assisting in the comprehensive rural revitalisation. 
It deeply advanced universal telecommunication 
services to help bridge the digital divide. Smart elderly 
assistance centres have been set up in 8,000 business 
outlets.
In terms of corporate governance enhancement, 
the Company built a strong enterprise with digital 
in

---

4, the consolidated statement of income, the consolidated statement of comprehensive income, the consolidated 
statement of changes in equity and the consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended, and notes to the consolidated 
financial statements, including material accounting policy information and other explanatory information.
In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of the Group as at 31 
December 2024, and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with 
Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards (“HKFRSs”) issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (the “HKICPA”) and 
have been properly prepared in compliance with the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.
BASIS FOR OPINION
We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) issued by the HKICPA. Our responsibilities under 
those standards are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements section of 
our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with the HKICPA’s Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (the “Code”), 
and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained 
is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.
KEY AUDIT MATTERS
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the consolidated financial 
statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the consolidated financial statements as a 
whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters.
Annual Report 2024
89
Key audit matter How our audit addressed the key audit matter  
Revenue recognition  
We identified revenue recognition as a key audit matter because 
there is an inherent industry risk around the accuracy of revenue 
recorded by the IT billing systems given the complexity of the 
systems and the significance of volumes of data processed by the 
systems.
In general, revenues are recognised separately for each service/
product included in contracts as performance obligations 
are satisfied. The data records are captured and the revenue 
transactions are recorded by the IT systems.
Details of the accounting policies for revenue recognition and 
an analysis of revenues are disclosed in Notes 2.25 and 6, 
respectively, to the consolidated financial statements.
Our procedures in relation to revenue recognition comprising both 
control testing and substantive procedures on a sample basis, 
included involving our internal IT specialists to assist with:
• Te
sting the IT environment in which the billing systems 
reside, including interface controls between different IT 
applications.
• T
esting the key controls over the calculation of the 
amounts billed to customers and the capturing and 
recording of the revenue transactions.
•
 Te
sting the key controls over the authorisation of the rate 
changes and the input of such rates to the billing systems.
• T
esting the end-to-end reconciliations from data records to 
the billing systems and to the general ledger.
• Te
sting the accuracy of customer bill calculations and the 
respective revenue transactions recorded.
• Te
sting revenue transactions by comparing the amounts 
recognised in general ledger to supporting documents, 
including customer bills, contracts, project schedules and 
acceptance reports.
China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited
90
 
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT
Key audit matter How our audit addressed the key audit matter  
Impairment of goodwill and long-lived assets  
We identified the impairment of goodwill and long-lived assets 
as a key audit matter because the impairment assessment of the 
cash-generating unit to which those assets belong requires the 
management to exercise significant judgments relating to the 
estimation of level of revenue, amount of operating costs and 
applicable discount rate.
Details of the accounting policies for impairment of goodwill 
and long-lived assets and the related accounting estimates 
are disclosed in Notes 2.8, 2.13 and 4.2, respectively, to the 
consolidated financial statements. Details of goodwill impairment 
assessment are disclosed in Note 17 to the consolidated financial 
statements.
Our procedures in relation to the impairment of goodwill and 
long-lived assets included:
• Wi
th the assistance of our internal valuation specialists, 
assessing the discount rate and assumptions used by the 
management in the value in use model and comparing 
the discount rate used by the management to externally 
derived data and our own assessments of key inputs used 
in deriving the discount rate.
• Wi
th the assistance of our internal valuation specialists, 
comparing the key inputs to the projected cash flows, 
such as the revenue growth rate and amount of operating 
costs, with corresponding historical data to evaluate the 
reasonableness of the management’s projections.
• Assessi
ng and challenging the significant judgments 
and estimates used in the management’s impairment 
assessment and evaluating the sensitivity analysis 
performed by the management.
OTHER INFORMATION
The directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the information included in the 
annual report, but does not include the consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s report thereon.
Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any form of assurance 
conclusion thereon.
In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information and, in doing so, 
consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial statements or our knowledge obtained 
in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If, based on the work w

---

sh equivalents are held for the purpose of meeting short-term cash commitments rather 
than for investment or other purposes.
For the purposes of the consolidated statement of cash flows, cash and cash equivalents consist of cash and cash 
equivalents as defined above.
2.19 Go
vernment grants
Government grants are recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position initially when there is reasonable 
assurance that they will be received and that the Group will comply with the conditions attaching to them. Grants that 
compensate the Group for expenses incurred are recognised in profit or loss on a systematic basis in the same period in 
which the expenses are incurred. Grants that compensate the Group for the cost of an asset are recognised as deferred 
revenue which consequently are effectively recognised in profit or loss over the useful life of the asset.
Annual Report 2024
121
2. S UMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
2.20 Borrowings
Borrowings refer to bank loans are recognised initially at fair value, net of transaction costs incurred. Borrowings are 
subsequently stated at amortised cost, any difference between the proceeds (net of transaction costs) and the redemption 
value is recognised in the consolidated statement of income over the period of the instruments using the effective interest 
method.
2.21 S
hare capital
Ordinary shares are classified as equity.
Incremental costs directly attributable to the issuance of new shares are shown in equity as a deduction, net of tax, from 
the proceeds.
Where any group company purchases the Company’s ordinary shares (treasury shares), the consideration paid, including 
any directly attributable incremental costs (net of tax) is deducted from equity attributable to equity shareholders of the 
Company and no gain or loss shall be recognised in the consolidated statement of income.
2.22 E
mployee benefits
(a) Ret
irement benefits
The Group participates in defined contribution pension schemes. For defined contribution plans, the Group pays 
contributions to publicly or privately administered pension insurance plans on a mandatory, contractual or voluntary 
basis. The Group is required to make contributions to the pension insurance plans at certain percentage of the 
employees’ payroll. The contributions are recognised as employee benefit expenses when they are due. Prepaid 
contributions are recognised as an asset to the extent that a reduction in the future payments is available. For 
the years ended 31 December 2024 and 2023, no forfeited contributions may be used by the Group to reduce the 
existing level of contributions.
(b) Med
ical insurance
The Group’s contributions to basic and supplementary medical insurances are expensed as incurred. The Group has 
no further payment obligations once the contributions have been paid.
(c) H
ousing benefits
One-off cash housing subsidies paid to PRC employees are charged to the consolidated statement of income in the 
year in which it is determined that the payment of such subsidies is probable and the amounts can be reasonably 
estimated.
The Group’s contributions to the housing fund, special monetary housing benefits and other housing benefits are 
expensed as incurred. The Group has no further payment obligations once the contributions have been paid.
China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited
122
For the year ended 31 December 2024
(All amounts in RMB millions unless otherwise stated)
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDA TED FINANCIAL STA TEMENTS
2. S UMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
2.22 E mployee benefits (Continued)
(d) S
upplementary benefits
In addition to participating in local governmental defined contribution social insurance, individual subsidiaries of 
the Group also provide other post retirement supplementary benefits to their employees, including supplementary 
pension allowance, reimbursement of medical expenses and supplementary medical insurance. These post 
retirement supplementary benefits are accounted as defined benefit plan. For defined benefit plan, the Group’s 
obligation for this benefit plan is determined using the projected unit credit method and recognised as liability, with 
actuarial valuation carried out at the end of each annual reporting period.
The actuarial valuation was carried out by Willis Towers Watson (Member of China Association of Actuaries), a 
qualified independent actuary. Actuarial assumptions mainly include discount rate and future mortality etc. This 
defined benefit plan does not have any plan assets. The present value of the defined benefit obligation is included 
in non-current other obligations and salary and welfare payables (current portion). As at 31 December 2024, the 
amount of the liability was RMB140 million (2023: RMB117 million). The remeasurement of liability is recognised in 
other comprehensive income, which is not allowed to reverse to profit or loss in subsequent period. Past service cost 
is recognised in profit or loss in the period of a plan amendment or curtailment and a gain or loss on settlement is 
recognised when settlement occurs.
(e) S
hare-based compensation costs
The Group operates an equity-settled, share-based compensation plan. The fair value of the employee services 
received in exchange for the grant of the share options is recognised as an expense. The total amount to be expensed 
over the vesting period is determined by reference to the fair value of the share options granted at the grant date 
excluding the impact of any non-market vesting conditions (for example, revenue and profit targets) and is not 
subsequently remeasured. However, non-market vesting conditions are considered in determining the number of 
options that are expected to vest. At each date of the statement of financial position, the Group revises its estimates 
of the number of share options that are expected to vest. The Group recognises the impact of the revision of 
original estimates, if any, in the consolidated statement of income of the period in which the revision occurs, with a 
corresponding adjustment to equity.
The equity amount is recognised in other reserves until either the

---

es. Liabilities arising from financing activities are liabilities for which cash flows were, or future cash flows will be, 
classified in the Group’s consolidated statement of cash flow as cash flows from financing activities.
Short-term 
bank loans
Long-term 
bank loans
Lease 
liabilities
Other 
borrowings Total
(Note 37) (Note 33) (Note 34)
      
At 1 January 2024 681 1,606 43,257 9,233 54,777
Changes from financing cash flows:
Proceeds from bank loans 710 237 – – 947
Loans from related parties – – – 546 546
Repayment of short-term bank loans (680) – – – (680)
Repayment of other obligations – – – (14) (14)
Repayment of long-term bank loans – (440) – – (440)
Capital element of lease rentals paid – – (12,887) – (12,887)
Net deposits with Finance Company – – – 999 999      
Total changes from financing cash flows 30 (203) (12,887) 1,531 (11,529)      
Exchange adjustments – 7 – – 7
Other changes:
Increase in lease liabilities from  
entering into new leases/lease 
modifications during the year – – 9,121 – 9,121
Decrease due to termination of  
lease contracts – – (1,850) – (1,850)
Others – 3 – 117 120      
Total other changes – 3 7,271 117 7,391      
At 31 December 2024 711 1,413 37,641 10,881 50,646
Annual Report 2024
187
29.  CAS H AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AND OTHER CASH FLOW INFORMATION (Continued)
(b) Reco nciliation of liabilities arising from financing activities (Continued)
Short-term 
bank loans
Long-term 
bank loans
Commercial 
papers
Lease 
liabilities
Other 
borrowings Total
(Note 37) (Note 33) (Note 38) (Note 34)
       
At 1 January 2023 331 1,896 5,025 48,924 8,847 65,023
Changes from financing  
cash flows:
Proceeds from bank loans 680 31 – – – 711
Loans from related parties – – – – 583 583
Repayment of short-term  
bank loans (330) – – – – (330)
Repayment of commercial papers – – (5,000) – – (5,000)
Repayment of other obligations – – – – (409) (409)
Repayment of long-term  
bank loans – (385) – – – (385)
Repayment of related party loans – – – – (913) (913)
Capital element of lease  
rentals paid – – – (12,103) – (12,103)
Net deposits with Finance 
Company – – – – 949 949       
Total changes from financing  
cash flows 350 (354) (5,000) (12,103) 210 (16,897)       
Exchange adjustments – – – – – –
Other changes:
Increase in lease liabilities  
from entering into
new leases/lease modifications 
during the year – – – 8,505 – 8,505
Decrease due to termination  
of lease contracts – – – (2,069) – (2,069)
Others – 64 (25) – 176 215       
Total other changes – 64 (25) 6,436 176 6,651       
At 31 December 2023 681 1,606 – 43,257 9,233 54,777
China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited
188
For the year ended 31 December 2024
(All amounts in RMB millions unless otherwise stated)
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDA TED FINANCIAL STA TEMENTS
30.  S HARE CAPITAL
Issued and fully paid:
Number of
shares
millions
Share
capital   
At 1 January 2023, at 31 December 2023 and at 31 December 2024 30,598 254,056   
31.  RESERVES
(a) Mo vement in components of equity
The Company
Share
capital
Investment
revaluation
reserve
Other
reserve
Retained
profits
Total
equity      
Balance at 1 January 2023 254,056 (9,545) 572 15,447 260,530
Total comprehensive income for the year — 170 — 10,757 10,927
Dividends relating to 2022 final — — — (3,335) (3,335)
Dividends relating to 2023 interim — — — (6,211) (6,211)      
Balance at 31 December 2023 254,056 (9,375) 572 16,658 261,911      
Total comprehensive income for the year — 119 — 18,694 18,813
Dividends relating to 2023 final — — — (4,088) (4,088)
Dividends relating to 2024 interim — — — (7,591) (7,591)      
Balance at 31 December 2024 254,056 (9,256) 572 23,673 269,045      
(b) N
ature and purpose
(i) S
tatutory reserves
CUCL is registered as a foreign investment enterprise in the PRC. In accordance with the Articles of Association, 
it is required to provide for statutory reserves, which are appropriated from profit after tax but before dividend 
distribution.
CUCL is required to allocate at least 10% of its profit after tax determined under the PRC Company Law to the 
statutory reserve fund until the cumulative amounts reach 50% of the registered capital. The statutory reserve can 
only be used, upon approval obtained from the relevant authority, to offset accumulated losses or increase capital.
Accordingly, CUCL appropriated approximately RMB1,897 million (2023: approximately RMB1,647 million) to the 
statutory reserve fund for the year ended 31 December 2024.
Annual Report 2024
189
31.  RE SERVES (Continued)
(b) N ature and purpose (Continued)
(i) S
tatutory reserves (Continued)
Appropriation to the staff bonus and welfare fund is made at the discretion of the Board of Directors. The staff bonus 
and welfare fund can only be used for special bonuses or the collective welfare of the employees and cannot be 
distributed as cash dividends. Under HKFRSs, the appropriations to the staff bonus and welfare fund are charged to 
the consolidated statement of income as expenses incurred since any assets acquired through this fund belong to 
the employees. For the years ended 31 December 2024 and 2023, no appropriation to staff bonus and welfare fund 
has been made by CUCL.
According to the PRC tax approval document issued by the MOF and the SAT of the PRC, the upfront connection fees 
were not subject to the PRC enterprise income tax and an amount equal to the upfront connection fees recognised 
in the retained profits shall be transferred from retained profits to the statutory reserve. As at 31 December 2011, 
an accumulated appropriation of approximately RMB12,289 million was made to the statutory reserve and no more 
upfront connection fees are recognised afterwards.
(ii) Gen
eral risk reserve
CUCL and Unicom Group established the Finance Company to provide certain financial services. Pursuant to 
“Requirements on Impairment Allowance for Financial Institutions” (Caijin [2012] No. 20) issued by the MOF which 
is effective on 1 July 2012 (the “Document”), the Finance Company establishes a general risk reserve within the 
shareholders’ equity, through appropriation of retained profits, to address unidentified potential losses relating to 
risk assets. The g

---

to be disclosed in the financial statements. In addition, some HKAS 1 paragraphs 
have been moved to HKAS 8 and HKFRS 7. Minor amendments to HKAS 7, “Statement of Cash Flows” and HKAS 33, 
“Earnings per Share” are also made.
HKFRS 18 and amendments to other standards, will be effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 
2027, with early application permitted. The application of the new standard is expected to affect the presentation 
of the statement of profit or loss and disclosures in the future financial statements. The Group is in the process of 
assessing the detailed impact of HKFRS 18 on the Group’s consolidated financial statements.
2.3 S
ubsidiaries and non-controlling interests
Subsidiaries are entities controlled by the Group. The Group controls an entity when it is exposed, or has rights to variable 
returns from its involvement with the entity and has the ability to affect those returns through its power over the entity. 
When assessing whether the Group has power, only substantive rights (held by the Group and other parties) are considered.
An investment in a subsidiary is consolidated into the consolidated financial statements from the date that control 
commences until the date that control ceases. Intra-group balances, transactions and cash flows and any unrealised profits 
arising from intra-group transactions are eliminated in full in preparing the consolidated financial statements. Unrealised 
losses resulting from intra-group transactions are eliminated in the same way as unrealised gains but only to the extent that 
there is no evidence of impairment.
The Group adopted the purchase method of accounting to account for business combination of entities and businesses 
under common control before 2005. Under the purchase method of accounting in force at the date of the acquisition, the 
cost of an acquisition was measured at the fair value of the assets given, equity instruments issued and liabilities incurred 
or assumed at the date of exchange. Identifiable assets acquired and liabilities and contingent liabilities assumed were 
measured initially at their fair values at the acquisition date, irrespective of the extent of any non-controlling interest. The 
excess of the cost of acquisition over the fair value of the Group’s share of the identifiable net assets acquired was recorded 
as goodwill. If the cost of acquisition was less than the fair value of the Group’s share of the identifiable net assets of the 
subsidiary acquired, the difference was recognised directly in the consolidated statement of income.
Annual Report 2024
107
2. S UMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
2.3 S ubsidiaries and non-controlling interests (Continued)
Under HKFRSs, business combination of entity and business under common control of the Group after 2005 was accounted 
for using merger accounting in accordance with the Accounting Guideline 5 “Merger accounting for common control 
combinations” (“AG 5”).
Non-controlling interests represent the equity in a subsidiary not attributable directly or indirectly to the Company, and in 
respect of which the Group has not agreed any additional terms with the holders of those interests which would result in 
the Group as a whole having a contractual obligation in respect of those interests that meets the definition of a financial 
liability. For each business combination, the Group elects to measure non-controlling interests at the non-controlling 
interests’ proportionate share of the subsidiary’s net identifiable assets.
Non-controlling interests are presented in the consolidated statement of financial position within equity, separately from 
equity attributable to the equity shareholders of the Company. Non-controlling interests in the results of the Group are 
presented on the face of the consolidated statement of income and the consolidated statement of comprehensive income 
as an allocation of the total profit or loss and total comprehensive income for the year between non-controlling interests 
and the equity shareholders of the Company.
Loans from holders of non-controlling interests and other contractual obligations towards these holders are presented as 
financial liabilities in the consolidated statement of financial position in accordance with Note 2.20 depending on the nature 
of the liability.
Changes in the Group’s interests in a subsidiary that do not result in a loss of control are accounted for as equity 
transactions, whereby adjustments are made to the amounts of controlling and non-controlling interests within 
consolidated equity to reflect the change in relative interests, but no adjustments are made to goodwill and no gain or loss 
is recognised.
When the Group loses control of a subsidiary, it is accounted for as a disposal of the entire interest in that subsidiary, with 
a resulting gain or loss being recognised in profit or loss. Any interest retained in that former subsidiary at the date when 
control is lost is recognised at fair value and this amount is regarded as the fair value on initial recognition of a financial 
asset (see Note 2.12) or, when appropriate, the cost on initial recognition of an investment in an associate or a joint venture 
(see Note 2.4).
In the Company’s statement of financial position, an investment in a subsidiary is stated at cost less impairment losses, 
unless the investment is classified as held for sale.
China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited
108
For the year ended 31 December 2024
(All amounts in RMB millions unless otherwise stated)
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDA TED FINANCIAL STA TEMENTS
2. S UMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
2.4 As sociates, joint ventures and joint arrangement
An associate is an entity in which the Group has significant influence, but not control or joint control, over its management, 
including participation in the financial and operating policy decisions.
A joint arrangement is an arrangement of which two or more parties have joint control. Joint control is the contractually 
agreed sharing of control of an arrangement, which exists only when decisions about the relevant activities req

---

roup’s share of the post-
acquisition post-tax items of the investees’ other comprehensive income is recognised as other comprehensive income in 
the consolidated statement of comprehensive income.
When the Group’s share of losses exceeds its interest in the associate or the joint venture, the Group’s interest is reduced 
to nil and recognition of further losses is discontinued except to the extent that the Group has incurred legal or constructive 
obligations or made payments on behalf of the investee. For this purpose, the Group’s interest is the carrying amount of 
the investment under the equity method together with the Group’s long-term interests that in substance form part of the 
Group’s net investment in the associate or the joint venture (after applying the ECL model to such other long-term interests 
where applicable).
Unrealised profits and losses resulting from transactions between the Group and its associates and joint venture are 
eliminated to the extent of the Group’s interest in the investee, except where unrealised losses provide evidence of an 
impairment of the asset transferred, in which case they are recognised immediately in profit or loss.
If an investment in an associate becomes an investment in a joint venture or vice versa, retained interest is not remeasured. 
Instead, the investment continues to be accounted for under the equity method.
Annual Report 2024
109
2. S UMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
2.4 As sociates, joint ventures and joint arrangement (Continued)
In all other cases, when the Group ceases to have significant influence over an associate or joint control over a joint venture, 
it is accounted for as a disposal of the entire interest in that investee, with a resulting gain or loss being recognised in 
profit or loss. Any interest retained in that former investee at the date when significant influence or joint control is lost is 
recognised at fair value and this amount is regarded as the fair value on initial recognition of a financial asset. In addition, 
the Group accounts for all amounts previously recognised in other comprehensive income in relation to that associate or 
joint venture on the same basis as would be required if that associate or joint venture had directly disposed of the related 
assets or liabilities.
A joint operation is a joint arrangement whereby the Group and other parties that have joint control of the arrangement 
have rights to the assets, and obligations for the liabilities, relating to the joint arrangement.
The Group accounts for the assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses relating to its interest in a joint operation in 
accordance with HKFRSs applicable to the particular assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses.
To better share the risks and rewards associated with the construction, operation and maintenance of the 5G network 
infrastructure, the Group entered into a framework agreement with China Telecom Corporation Limited (“China Telecom”) 
to build, maintain and share one nationwide 5G access network infrastructure (the “Cooperation Agreement”). In 
accordance with the Cooperation Agreement, each of the Group and China Telecom is responsible for the construction and 
maintenance of 5G network infrastructure in their respective designated regions, and bears the associated construction, 
maintenance and operating costs. Both parties have established a joint operation mechanism and key decisions including 
overall network planning, construction project commencement and completion acceptance and a unified standard on 
construction and maintenance services across all regions are subject to mutual agreement by both parties.
The Group has accounted for the arrangement as a joint operation that is not structured through a separate vehicle, and has 
recognised its share of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses in accordance with the terms of the arrangement.
2.5 S
egment reporting
Operating segments are reported in a manner consistent with the internal reporting provided to the chief operating 
decision maker (the “CODM”). The CODM, who is responsible for allocating resources and assessing performance of the 
operating segments regularly, has been identified as the executive directors of the Company that make strategic decisions.
China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited
110
For the year ended 31 December 2024
(All amounts in RMB millions unless otherwise stated)
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDA TED FINANCIAL STA TEMENTS
2. S UMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
2.6 Fo reign currency translation
(a) Fu
nctional and presentation currency
Items included in the financial statements of each of the Group’s entities are measured using the currency of the 
primary economic environment in which the entities operate (the “functional currency”). The consolidated financial 
statements are presented in RMB, which is the Company’s functional and presentation currency.
(b) Tra
nsactions and balances
Foreign currency transactions are translated into the functional currency using the exchange rates prevailing at the 
dates of the transactions or valuation where items are re-measured. Foreign exchange gains and losses resulting 
from the settlement of such transactions and from the translation at year-end exchange rates of monetary assets 
and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are recognised in the statement of income. Non-monetary items 
carried at fair value that are denominated in foreign currencies are retranslated at the rates prevailing on the date 
when the fair value was determined. When a fair value gain or loss on a non-monetary item is recognised in profit or 
loss, any exchange component of that gain or loss is also recognised in profit or loss. When a fair value gain or loss 
on a non-monetary item is recognised in other comprehensive income, any exchange component of that gain or loss 
is also recognised in other comprehensive income. Non-monetary items that are measured in terms of historical cost 
in a foreign currency are not retranslated.
(c) Gro
up companies
The results and financial position of all the group entities (none of which has the currency of a hyp

---

the 
financial assets measured at FVOCI was approximately RMB 119 million (2023: increase of approximately RMB170 million), has 
been recorded in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income.
41.  E QUITY-SETTLED SHARE OPTION SCHEMES
On 16 April 2014, the Company adopted a new share option scheme (the “2014 Share Option Scheme”). The 2014 Share Option 
Scheme is valid and effective for a period of 10 years commencing on 22 April 2014 and expired on 22 April 2024. Under the 2014 
Share Option Scheme, the share options may be granted to employees including all directors; any grant of share options to a 
Connected Person (as defined in the Listing Rules) of the Company must be approved by the independent non-executive directors 
of the Company (excluding any independent non-executive director of the Company in the case such director is a grantee of the 
options) and all grants to connected persons shall be subject to compliance with the requirements of the Listing Rules, including 
where necessary the prior approval of the shareholders. Pursuant to the 2014 Share Option Scheme, the consideration payable by 
a participant for the grant of share options will be HK dollars 1.00. The exercise price payable by a participant upon the exercise of 
an option will be determined by the Board of Directors at their discretion at the date of grant, except that such price may not be 
set below a minimum price which is the higher of:
(i)
 The
 closing price of the shares on the SEHK on the offer date in respect of the share options; and
(ii)
 The
 average closing price of the shares on the SEHK for the five trading days immediately preceding the offer date.
The option period commences on any day after the date on which such share option is offered, but may not exceed 10 years from 
the offer date. No share options had been granted since adoption of the 2014 Share Option Scheme.
No options are outstanding as at 31 December 2024 and 2023.
Annual Report 2024
197
42.  RE STRICTED A-SHARE INCENTIVE SCHEME
The Phase I Restricted A-Share Incentive Scheme
Pursuant to the share incentive scheme (Phase I) of A Share Company (the “Phase I Restricted A-Share Incentive Scheme”), not 
more than 848 million restricted shares of A Share Company (the “Phase I Restricted Shares”) were approved for granting to 
the core employees of the Group, the first batch granted Phase I Restricted Shares of 793,861,000 and second batch granted 
Phase I Restricted Shares of 13,156,000 were subscribed by the participants, including certain core employees of the Company’s 
subsidiaries on 21 March 2018 and 1 February 2019 (the “Grant Dates”), respectively, with a subscription price of RMB3.79 per 
share. The fair value of the Phase I Restricted Shares granted under the respective Grant Dates is RMB2.34 and RMB1.57 per share, 
respectively, as determined based on the difference between the market price of A Share Company of RMB6.13 per share and 
RMB5.36 per share at the respective Grant Dates, and the subscription price of RMB3.79 per share.
The Phase I Restricted Shares are subject to various lock-up periods (the “Lock-Up Period I”) of approximately 2 years, 3 years and 4 
years, respectively, immediately from the Grant Dates. During the Lock-Up Period I, these shares are not transferrable, nor subject 
to any guarantee or indemnity. The Phase I Restricted Shares shall be unlocked (or repurchased and cancelled by A Share Company) 
separately in three tranches in proportion of 40%, 30% and 30% of the total number of the Phase I Restricted Shares granted upon 
the expiry of each of the Lock-Up Period I.
Subject to fulfilment of all service and performance conditions under the Phase I Restricted A-Share Incentive Scheme which 
include the achievement of certain revenue and profit targets of A Share Company, the participants’ individual performance 
appraisal, etc. (collectively referred to as “vesting conditions”), the restriction over the Phase I Restricted Shares will be removed 
after the expiry of the corresponding Lock-Up Period I for each tranche and the participants will be fully entitled to these incentive 
shares. If the vesting conditions are not fulfilled and hence the Phase I Restricted Shares cannot be unlocked, A Share Company 
shall repurchase the Phase I Restricted Shares based on the respective subscription price from the participants.
Pursuant to the Phase I Restricted A-Share Incentive Scheme, the third Lock-Up Period I of approximately 4 years for the second 
batch have expired in 2023. With the fulfilment of the vesting conditions, the Phase I Restricted Shares of 3,240,375 in aggregate 
were approved for unlocking after the expiry of the Lock-Up Period I by the Board of Directors of A Share Company and 443,925 
were forfeited in 2023.
The Phase II Restricted A-Share Incentive Scheme
Pursuant to the share incentive scheme (Phase II) of A Share Company (the “Phase II Restricted A-Share Incentive Scheme”), 
approximately 838 million restricted shares of A Share Company (the “Phase II Restricted Shares”) were approved for granting 
to the core employees of the Group, the granted Phase II Restricted Shares of 838,340,000 were subscribed by the participants, 
including certain core employees of the Company’s subsidiaries on 1 November 2022 (the “Grant Date”), with a subscription price 
of RMB2.48 per share. The fair value of the Phase II Restricted Shares granted under the Grant Date is RMB0.93 per share, as 
determined based on the difference between the market price of A Share Company of RMB3.41 per share at the Grant Date, and 
the subscription price of RMB2.48 per share.
China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited
198
For the year ended 31 December 2024
(All amounts in RMB millions unless otherwise stated)
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDA TED FINANCIAL STA TEMENTS
42.  RE STRICTED A-SHARE INCENTIVE SCHEME (Continued)
The Phase II Restricted A-Share Incentive Scheme (Continued)
The Phase II Restricted Shares are subject to various lock-up periods (the “Lock-Up Period II”) of approximately 2 years, 3 years 
and 4 years, respectively, immediately from the Grant Date. During the Lock-Up Period II, these shares are not transferrable

---

ation.
The Group accounts for the remeasurement of lease liabilities by making corresponding adjustments to the relevant 
right-of-use assets.
In the consolidated statement of financial position, the current portion of long-term lease liabilities is determined 
as the present value of contractual payments that are due to be settled within twelve months after the reporting 
period. The Group presents right-of-use assets and lease liabilities separately in the consolidated statement of 
financial position.
(b) As
 a lessor
When the Group acts as a lessor, it determines at lease inception whether each lease is a finance lease or an 
operating lease. A lease is classified as a finance lease if it transfers substantially all the risks and rewards incidental 
to the ownership of an underlying assets to the lessee. If this is not the case, the lease is classified as an operating 
lease.
When a contract contains lease and non-lease components, the Group allocates the consideration in the contract to 
each component on a relative stand-alone selling price basis. The rental income from operating leases is recognised 
in profit or loss in equal instalments over the periods covered by the lease term, except where an alternative basis 
is more representative of the pattern of benefits to be derived from the use of the leased asset. Lease incentives 
granted are recognised in profit or loss as an integral part of the aggregate net lease payments receivable. Variable 
lease payments that do not depend on an index or a rate are recognised as income in the accounting period in which 
they are earned.
When the Group is an intermediate lessor, the sub-leases are classified as a finance lease or as an operating lease 
with reference to the right-of-use asset arising from the head lease. If the head lease is a short-term lease to which 
the Group applies the exemption described in Note 2.28(a), then the Group classifies the sub-lease as an operating 
lease.
Annual Report 2024
129
2. S UMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
2.29 B orrowing costs
Borrowing costs are expensed as incurred, except for interest directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or 
production of an asset that necessarily takes a substantial period of time to get ready for its intended use, in which case 
they are capitalised as part of the cost of that asset. Capitalisation of borrowing costs commences when expenditures for 
the asset and borrowing costs are being incurred and the activities to prepare the asset for its intended use are in progress. 
Borrowing costs are capitalised up to the date when substantially all the activities necessary to prepare the project is 
completed and ready for its intended use.
To the extent that funds are borrowed specifically for the purpose of obtaining a qualifying asset, the amount of borrowing 
costs eligible for capitalisation is determined at the actual borrowing costs incurred on that borrowing during the period 
less any investment income on the temporary investment of those borrowings.
To the extent that funds are borrowed generally and used for the purpose of obtaining a qualifying asset, the amount of 
borrowing costs eligible for capitalisation is determined by applying a capitalisation rate to the expenditures on that asset. 
The capitalisation rate is the weighted average of the borrowing costs applicable to the borrowings of the Group that are 
outstanding during the period, other than borrowings made specifically for the purpose of obtaining a qualifying asset. The 
amount of borrowing costs capitalised during a period does not exceed the amount of borrowing cost incurred during that 
period. Other borrowing costs are recognised as expenses when incurred.
China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited
130
For the year ended 31 December 2024
(All amounts in RMB millions unless otherwise stated)
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDA TED FINANCIAL STA TEMENTS
2. S UMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
2.30 Taxation
(a) Cu
rrent income tax
The current income tax charge is calculated on the basis of the tax laws enacted or substantially enacted at the 
date of the statement of financial position in the jurisdictions where the Company and its subsidiaries operate 
and generate taxable income. Management periodically evaluates positions taken in tax returns with respect 
to situations in which applicable tax regulation is subject to interpretation and establishes provisions where 
appropriate on the basis of the amount expected to be paid to the tax authorities.
(b) Deferred
 income tax
Deferred tax assets and liabilities arise from deductible and taxable temporary differences respectively, being the 
differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and their tax 
bases. Deferred tax assets also arise from unused tax losses and unused tax credits.
Apart from certain limited exceptions, all deferred tax liabilities, and all deferred tax assets to the extent that it 
is probable that future taxable profits will be available against which the asset can be utilised, are recognised. 
Future taxable profits that may support the recognition of deferred tax assets arising from deductible temporary 
differences include those that will arise from the reversal of existing taxable temporary differences, provided those 
differences relate to the same taxation authority and the same taxable entity, and are expected to reverse either in 
the same period as the expected reversal of the deductible temporary difference or in periods into which a tax loss 
arising from the deferred tax asset can be carried back or forward. The same criteria are adopted when determining 
whether existing taxable temporary differences support the recognition of deferred tax assets arising from unused 
tax losses and credits, that is, those differences are taken into account if they relate to the same taxation authority 
and the same taxable entity, and are expected to reverse in a period, or periods, in which the tax loss or credit can 
be utilised.
Annual Report 2024
131
2. S UMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
2.30 Ta

---

foreign currency.
(ii) Pri ce risk
The Group is exposed to equity securities price risk because investments held by the Group are classified 
in the consolidated statement of financial position as financial assets measured at FVOCI (non-recycling) or 
FVPL.
The financial assets measured at FVOCI (non-recycling) comprise primarily equity securities of Telefónica S.A. 
(“Telefónica”). As at 31 December 2024, if the share price of Telefónica had increased/decreased by 10%, 
while the exchange rate of RMB against Euro is held constant, other comprehensive income would increase/
decrease approximately RMB190 million (2023: approximately RMB178 million). The listed investments 
measured at FVPL comprise primarily equity securities of certain PRC listed companies. As at 31 December 
2024, if the price of the respective listed equity securities had increased/decreased by 10%, profit after tax 
would increase/decrease approximately RMB15 million (2023: approximately RMB8 million).
(iii) Ca sh flow and fair value interest rate risk
The Group’s interest-bearing assets are mainly represented by bank deposits, debt securities measured at 
FVOCI (recycling), financial assets held under resale agreements, lending by Finance Company to third parties 
and investments in capital bonds. Management does not expect the changes in market deposit interest rates 
will have significant impact on the financial statements as the assets are mainly short-term in nature and the 
interest involved will not be significant.
China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited
138
For the year ended 31 December 2024
(All amounts in RMB millions unless otherwise stated)
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDA TED FINANCIAL STA TEMENTS
3. FI NANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
3.1 Fi nancial risk factors (Continued)
(a) Ma
rket risk (Continued)
(iii) Ca sh flow and fair value interest rate risk (Continued)
The Group’s interest rate risk mainly arises from interest-bearing borrowings including bank loans, related 
party loans and lease liabilities. Borrowings issued at floating rates expose the Group to cash flow interest 
rate risk. Borrowings issued at fixed rates expose the Group to fair value interest rate risk upon renewal. The 
Group determines the amount of its fixed rate or floating rate borrowings depending on the prevailing market 
conditions. During the years ended 31 December 2024 and 2023, the Group’s borrowings were mainly at fixed 
rates and were mainly denominated in RMB.
Increases in interest rates will increase the cost of new borrowings and the interest expense with respect to 
the Group’s outstanding floating rate borrowings, and therefore could have a material adverse effect on the 
Group’s financial performance. Management continuously monitors the interest rate position of the Group 
and makes decisions with reference to the latest market conditions. From time to time, the Group may enter 
into interest rate swap agreements to mitigate its exposure to interest rate risks in connection with the 
floating rate borrowings, although the Group did not consider it was necessary to do so in the years ended 31 
December 2024 and 2023.
As at 31 December 2024, the Group had approximately RMB11,052 million (2023: approximately RMB9,044 
million) of long-term and short-term borrowings in floating rates and approximately RMB38,905million (2023: 
approximately RMB45,127 million) of long-term borrowings and lease liabilities in fixed rates.
For the year ended 31 December 2024, if interest rates on the floating rate borrowings had increased/
decreased 50 basic points while all other variables are held constant, profit after tax would decrease/increase 
approximately RMB41 million (2023: approximately RMB34 million).
(b) Cred
it risk
Credit risk refers to the risk that a counterparty will default on its contractual obligations resulting in a financial loss 
to the Group. Credit risk is managed on a group basis. Credit risk arises from cash and cash equivalents and bank 
deposits with banks, as well as credit exposures to major corporate customers, individual subscribers and general 
corporate customers, related parties and other telecommunications operators.
Annual Report 2024
139
3. FI NANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
3.1 Fi nancial risk factors (Continued)
(b) Cred
it risk (Continued)
To limit exposure to credit risk relating to cash and cash equivalents and bank deposits, the Group primarily places 
cash and cash equivalents and bank deposits only with large state-owned financial institutions in the PRC and other 
banks with acceptable credit ratings. Therefore, the Group expects that there is no significant credit risk and does 
not expect that there will be any significant losses from non-performance by these counterparties.
In addition, the Group has no significant concentrations of credit risk with respect to individual subscribers and 
corporate customers. The Group has policies to limit the credit exposure on receivables for services and sales of 
mobile handsets. The Group assesses the credit quality of all its customers and sets credit limits on them by taking 
into account their financial position, the availability of guarantee from third parties, their credit history and other 
factors such as current market conditions. The normal credit period granted by the Group to individual subscribers 
and general corporate customers is 30 days from the date of billing unless they meet certain specified credit 
assessment criteria. For major corporate customers, the credit period granted by the Group is based on the service 
contract terms, normally not exceeding 1 year. The utilisation of credit limits and settlement pattern of customers 
are regularly monitored by the Group. In respect of other receivables, individual credit evaluations are performed 
on all counterparties requiring credit over a certain amount. These evaluations focus on the counterparties’ past 
history of making payments when due and current ability to pay, and take into account information specific to the 
counterparties as well as the economic environment in which the counterparties o