ANNUAL REPORT 2025CHINA UNICOM (HONG KONG) LIMITED          STOCK CODE : 762
Strengthening
Using advanced communication technologies, the Company 
enhanced the robustness of connectivity, and made 
preemptive deployments on space-ground integrated 
network, so as to build an intelligent, ubiquitous, high-
speed, efficient, and reliable digital backbone.
• Our network coverage continued to deepen, with the 
number of 4G/5G base stations exceeding 4.7 million.
• Net additions of mobile and broadband users reached 
20.93 million, hitting a new high in recent years.
• Integrated penetration rate increased to × 78%, with 
the ARPU of integrated subscribers staying at over 
RMB100.
Connectivity
Enhancing
Computing
Power
The Company continued to promote the integrated 
development of cloud, network, edge, and devices with 
new algorithms and technologies, build edge computing 
clusters, and deploy multi-dimensional distributed nodes, 
in order to strengthen its computing power network.
• Intelligent computing capability was substantially 
enhanced, with intelligent computing scale reaching 
45 EFLOPS.
• Revenue from Unicom Cloud, IDC, and artificial 
intelligence grew rapidly.
Optimising
By penetrating industries and integrating into scenarios, the 
Company created differentiated products and provided high-
quality services, winning high recognition and long-term trust 
from customers.
• Scale of cloud-AI business expanded rapidly, with the users 
of cloud-AI products exceeding 300 million.
• Promoted the integrated development of “AI + industrial 
scenarios”, implementing × 9,000 5G factories.
Services
By applying cutting-edge technologies, the Company 
achieved network and data independence and 
controllability, effectively managing risks, thereby 
building a solid foundation for national security.
• The Company’s data security governance 
capability continuously strengthened, and 
became the first and only company in China to 
achieve the highest Level 5 rating in the 
National Data Security Maturity Model 
(DSMM) assessment.
• Launched the Unicom Security Guardian, which 
served 210 million users and offered peace of 
mind in communication and safeguarded 
property security.
Ensuring
Security
Contents
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
Certain statements contained in this report may be viewed as “forward-looking 
statements”. Such forward-looking statements are subject to known and unknown risks, 
uncertainties and other factors, which may cause the actual performance, financial 
condition or results of operations of the Company to be materially different from any 
future performance, financial condition or results of operations implied by such 
forward-looking statements. In addition, we do not intend to update these forward-
looking statements. Neither the Company nor the directors, employees or agents of the 
Company assume any liabilities in the event that any of the forward-looking statements 
does not materialise or turns out to be incorrect.
Company Profile
2
Major Events
6
Chairman’s Statement
8
Business Overview
16
Financial Overview
20
Recognition and Awards
26
Directors and Senior Management
28
Corporate Governance Report
40
Report of Directors
76
Human Resources Development
94
Shareholding Structure
3
Performance Highlights
4
96 Independent Auditor’s Report
101 Consolidated Statement of Income
102 Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income
103 Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
106 Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
107 Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
110 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
214 Financial Summary
216 Corporate Information
217 Corporate Culture
China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited Annual Report 2025
2 3
China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited (the “Company”) was incorporated in Hong Kong on 8 February 
2000 and was listed on the New York Stock Exchange# and the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited 
on 21 June 2000 and 22 June 2000 respectively. On 1 June 2001, the Company was included as a 
constituent stock of the Hang Seng Index. The Company merged with China Netcom Group Corporation 
(Hong Kong) Limited on 15 October 2008.
China Unicom establishes branches in 31 provinces in China (including autonomous regions and 
municipalities) and multiple countries and regions overseas. The Company’s telecommunication network 
and global customer service system covers China and connects to the world. The Company has been one of 
the “Fortune Global 500” companies for consecutive years, and ranked 269th in “Fortune Global 500” 
for the year 2025. It was also voted as “Most Honored Telecom Company” in 2025 for the tenth 
consecutive year by Extel (formerly Institutional Investor).
Profile
Structure
Note:
# The Company’s ADSs were delisted from the New York Stock Exchange on 18 May 2021. Please refer to 
the Company’s announcement dated 23 July 2021 for details.
* In 2017, approximately 10.9 billion shares of China United Network Communications Limited were acquired by the strategic investors introduced 
by the mixed ownership reform through non public share issuance and transfer of existing shares. These shares were no longer restricted from 
sale in November 2020.
** Pursuant to the phase 2 restrictive share incentive scheme in 2022, China United Network Communications Limited granted restricted shares to 
the core management talents and professional talents.
*** Excluded the interest regarding the pre-emptive right owned by China Unicom Group Corporation (BVI) Limited in 225,722,791 shares of the 
Company.
Shareholding
China Unicom earnestly fulfills its political, economic, and social responsibilities. It adheres to the 
principles of upholding integrity and innovation and focusing on main responsibilities and main businesses, 
taking “Preserve and Innovate, Steady and Far-reaching” as the main keynote for the Company’s 
development during the “15th Five-Year” period. With “connectivity”, “computing power”, “service”, 
and “security” as the core arenas for fulfilling its responsibilities as a central state-owned enterprise, the 
Company is transitioning from a “basic pipeline provider” to an “integrated digital service provider”, 
acting as the “national team and backbone of the information and communications industry”. It fully 
exerts its influence in technological innovation, industrial control, and security support.
Company
CHINA UNITED NETWORK 
COMMUNICATIONS GROUP 
COMPANY LIMITED
CHINA UNITED NETWORK 
COMMUNICATIONS 
LIMITED
(Issued shares: approximately 
31.3 billion shares)
CHINA UNICOM  
(HONG KONG) LIMITED
(Issued shares: approximately
30.6 billion shares)
100%
63.5%
36.5%
17.9%
26.4%
***
20.1%
82.1%
53.5%
China Unicom
Group Corporation
(BVI) Limited
Public
Shareholders
Strategic investors*, 
employee restrictive 
incentive share** 
and other public 
shareholders
China Unicom (BVI) Limited
As at 31 December 2025
CHINA UNITED NETWORK 
COMMUNICATIONS 
CORPORATION LIMITED
CHINA UNICOM  
GLOBAL LIMITED
100% 100%
4 5
China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited Annual Report 2025
FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHT (RMB billions) 
2025 2024 Change YoY    
Operating Revenue 392.22 389.59 0.7%
Service Revenue 347.74 345.98 0.5%
Net Profit1 20.82 20.61 1.0%
Basic EPS (RMB) 0.680 0.674 1.0%
Dividend per share2 (RMB) 0.4170 0.4043 3.1%    
Note 1: Net profit represented profit attributable to equity shareholders of the Company.
Note 2: The proposed 2025 final dividend of RMB0.1329 per share is subject to approval by the shareholders at the annual general meeting. 
Together with the interim dividend of RMB0.2841 per share already paid, total dividend for the year is RMB0.4170 per share.
1.  Free cash flow represents operating cash flow less capital expenditure. However , it is a 
non-GAAP financial measure which does not have a standardised meaning and therefore may 
not be comparable to similar measures presented by other companies.
Highlights
Performance
FREE CASH FLOW1
(RMB BIL)
INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS 
REVENUE (RMB BIL)
DATA CENTRE REVENUE
(RMB BIL)
5G PRIVATE NETWORK 
REVENUE (RMB BIL)
36.0
13.6
28.1
12.3
2025
2025
2025
2025
^28.5%
^9.2%
^8.5%
^51%
China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited Annual Report 2025
6 7
Major
Events
JANUARY 2025
China Unicom Yuanjing RAG* technology 
was among the first batch to pass the 
evaluation by the China Academy of 
Information and Communications 
Technology (CAICT) and received the 
highest 4+ rating, it has been successfully 
deployed across multiple projects for both 
China Unicom and external enterprise 
clients, serving as a key engine for 
supporting enterprises’ intelligent 
transformation.
* Retrieval-Augmented Generation
MAY 2025
China Unicom launched post-quantum 
security mobile phone, marking a major 
breakthrough in communications security in 
the quantum era.
OCTOBER 2025
China Unicom officially received regulatory 
approval to conduct commercial trial 
operations for eSIM mobile services, 
marking another key milestone following the 
Company’s years of technological 
accumulation and practical exploration in 
the eSIM field.
China Unicom outlined the 6G green 
network development vision of “Intelligent 
and Simplified — Green Energy and Carbon 
Reduction”, setting clear emissions-
reduction targets and supporting the 
industry’s communications-related 
decarbonization goals toward 2030.
DECEMBER 2025
The nation’s first National AI Application 
Pilot-Scale Testing Base focusing on mobile 
terminals was officially unveiled. China 
Unicom played an important role in the 
base’s development, helping enterprises 
accelerate digital and intelligent upgrades 
from R&D and design through to 
manufacturing.
China Unicom UniAI Wanwu Government 
Intelligent Agent Development Platform 
received the highest 4+ rating from the 
China Academy of Information and 
Communications Technology (CAICT), 
demonstrating industry-leading capabilities 
across core functions, business scenarios, 
and service applications.
9
Annual Report 2025
Statement
Chairman’s
China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited8
OVERALL RESULTS
Achieving stability with preservation. Operating revenue reached RMB392.2 billion. Profit before 
income tax was RMB25.5 billion. Return on equity1 reached 5.7%, and free cash flow2 reached 
RMB36.0 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 28.5%. Seeking long-term growth through 
innovation. Seizing opportunities from the new round of technological and industrial innovation, the 
Company implemented “AI+” initiatives. Revenue contribution from strategic emerging industries reached 
over 86%. The computing power business revenue3 ratio reached over 15%, representing an increase of 
1.1 percentage points over the previous year . AI revenue4 grew by over 140% year-on-year . International 
business revenue reached RMB13.6 billion, representing year-on-year growth of over 9%. The Company’s 
capital expenditure (CAPEX) for the full year was RMB54.2 billion, with the ratio of CAPEX to service 
revenue declining to 16%. By deepening co-build co-share and building an ultra-lean network, about 
RMB1.35 billion in operating costs were saved annually, enhancing investment efficiency. The CAPEX for 
2026 is expected to be approximately RMB50 billion, of which investment in computing power will 
account for more than 35%.
The Company’s achievement of these decent results would not have been possible without the long-term 
trust of our customers and shareholders, nor the full support of the society. These results are attributable 
to our proactive efforts and pursuit of excellence across four core arenas.
ENHANCING THE BREADTH AND DEPTH OF “CONNECTIVITY”
As the foundation of the Company, “connectivity” serves as the “stabiliser” for our overall revenue and 
profit. We improved network coverage, enhanced network quality, and extended connectivity from mobile 
and broadband networks to Internet of Things (IoT), Internet of Vehicles (IoV) and Industrial Internet, as 
well as driving evolution towards low-altitude intelligent Internet and satellite Internet to meet the 
demand for high-speed, ubiquitous, intelligent, efficient, stable and reliable connectivity.
Enhancing network capabilities. We implemented the “Signal Upgrade” and “Broadband Upgrade” 
initiatives and bolstered efforts in network co-build, co-share, co-maintain and co-optimise. Our mobile 
network population coverage rate exceeded 99%, and the network experience in key scenarios were 
recognised by customers. 5G-A base stations were deployed in more than 330 cities. We promoted gigabit 
broadband capacity expansion and 10-gigabit broadband upgrade, with nearly 90% of our broadband 
ports being gigabit-ready. Pre-commercial trials of 10-gigabit optical fibre networks have been launched 
in more than 100 cities. We also made deployments in frontier fields such as 6G and quantum 
communications, and launched quantum-secure leased lines.
Dong Xin
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Dear Shareholders,
Concluding the “14th Five-Year Plan” 
and planning for the “15th Five-Year 
Plan”, the Company adhered to the 
keynote of “Preserve and Innovate, 
Steady and Far-Reaching”. Focusing 
on the four core arenas of 
“connectivity”, “computing power”, 
“service”, and “security”, we made 
solid strides in high-quality 
development.
10
China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited
Chairman’s Statement
Expanding connectivity scenarios. The Company’s total connectivity subscriber scale5 exceeded 1.2 
billion, representing an increase of 110 million from the previous year . We insisted on the integrated 
development of broadband and mobile services, achieving a net addition of over 20 million subscribers. 
The integrated business penetration rate exceeded 78% with the ARPU of integrated packages remaining 
at over RMB100. We accelerated scenario-oriented transformation. The number of IoT connections 
exceeded 700 million, and we consolidated our leading advantage in the IoV market. 5G private network 
revenue reached RMB12.3 billion, representing year-on-year growth of over 50%. Seizing opportunities 
in the low-altitude economy, we built a low-altitude intelligent network that integrates communication, 
sensing, navigation, and computing. We obtained the operating permit for satellite mobile communication 
services and promoted the scale development of satellite direct-to-device applications.
In the future, with “connectivity” as our foundation, we will iteratively upgrade communication 
technologies, precisely and efficiently build network infrastructure, and enhance the breadth, depth, and 
precision of our coverage. We will improve the robustness of connectivity, deepen scale-based value 
operation, and build unobstructed information “arteries” and “neurons” for economic and social 
development.
PROVIDING FASTER AND MORE PRECISE “COMPUTING POWER”
“Computing power” unleashes the Company’s innovation momentum and is the “booster” for revenue 
growth. We strengthened computing-network as well as cloud-network integration, bolstered the tiered 
deployment, orchestration and allocation of computing power resources, enhanced the competitiveness of 
Unicom Cloud, and supported the R&D and application of Big Data and artificial intelligence, seizing new 
industry opportunities with new technological capabilities.
Building intelligent computing clusters. Data centre revenue was RMB28.1 billion, representing an 
increase of 8.5% year-on-year . We strengthened resource buildout at the “Eastern Data, Western 
Computing” hub nodes and green computing-power coordination demonstration provinces. The number of 
standard cabinets6 exceeded 1.10 million, and seven 100 MW-grade AIDC campuses have been built. The 
utilisation rate of cabinets exceeded 72%, and the scale of intelligent computing reached 45 EFLOPS. 
We accelerated the construction of the new “Eight Vertical and Eight Horizontal” backbone optical fibre 
cable network, adding more than 9,000 kilometres to achieve the interconnection of computing power hub 
nodes and serve coordinated regional development.
11
Annual Report 2025
Upgrading Unicom Cloud. We accelerated the evolution of Unicom Cloud towards AI cloud, deepened 
hyperscale intelligent cloud-native implementations, enhanced centralised orchestration and allocation 
capabilities, and built a new computing power business model of “applications + models + resources”, 
supporting the construction of government clouds for over 180 provinces and municipalities, empowering 
the digital and intelligent transformation of nearly 400,000 corporate customers, establishing the brand 
image of “AI Smart Select Unicom Cloud”. Unicom Cloud revenue7 increased by 5.2% year-on-year .
Open digital intelligence platform. The Company constructed national AI application pilot bases and 
launched the UniAI Wanxiang data engineering platform, the UniAI MaaS platform, and the UniAI 
Wanwu intelligent agent platform. With these platforms, it formed over 400 TB of high-quality datasets, 
offered over 140 mainstream models, and gathered more than 10,000 developers to help customers 
rapidly build intelligent agent applications.
In the future, focusing on “computing power”, we will build out our computing power infrastructure in a 
moderately advance manner , and enhance the integrated operations of our computing power service 
platform. We will use new algorithms and technologies to promote the integrated development of cloud, 
network, edge, and terminals, making computing power accessible on demand like water and electricity, 
thereby creating a core engine for new quality productivity.
OFFERING MORE TAILORED AND REFINED SERVICES
“Services” expands the scale value of the Company and serves as an “accelerator” for revenue growth. 
We emphasised an application-oriented approach, relying on our centralised product R&D capabilities and 
localised fulfilment and operation teams to promote the integrated innovation of digital technologies such 
as 5G and AI. We created differentiated products and high-quality services, enhanced customer 
perception, and strengthened our brand influence and industry leadership.
Facilitating digital consumption. We enriched our cloud-AI products, which served over 300 million 
users with revenue increasing by more than 11% year-on-year . We promoted innovation in eSIM 
applications, benefiting nearly 3 million users. We created the smart home hub “UniBOX Tongtong” to 
provide a new experience of digital smart living. We launched a customer service AI agent, with smart 
customer service ratio reaching over 85%.
12
China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited
Chairman’s Statement
Serving new industrialisation. We upgraded the “5G + Industrial Internet” product system. The Gewu 
Industrial Internet Platform was consecutively named as a national Class A cross-industry and cross-
domain platform, supporting the unified management and collaborative operation of over ten thousand 
embodied intelligence robots. We strengthened integrated IoV operation, serving over 95 million vehicles 
and facilitating the overseas expansion of new energy vehicles.
Empowering digital government. We iterated key products such as economic development platform, AI 
call centre (AICC), and “Labour Connect” smart governance platform to help enhance the government’s 
economic regulation, administrative services, and labour governance.
Accelerating international development. We enhanced the capacity of Asia-Pacific, Asia-Americas, and 
Asia-Africa-Europe backbone channels. We promoted the internationalisation of our smart home 
products. We implemented benchmark projects such as smart manufacturing in ASEAN, smart 
warehousing in the Middle East, smart mining in Africa, and smart ports in Europe, facilitating the 
high-quality joint construction of the “Belt and Road” initiative.
Reshaping brand system. We demonstrated the strength of our corporate brands “China Unicom” and 
“UniCom”, enhanced the recognition of our customer brands “Unicom Smart Home”, “Unicom WO 
Pai”, and “Unicom Smart Business”, and elevated the value of our product brands “Unicom Cloud”, 
“UniAI”, “Unicom Yunxi”, “Unicom Gewu”, and “Unicom Mogong”.
In the future, we will be service-oriented. Focusing on scenario-based and personalised customer needs, we 
will strengthen product innovation and deepen intelligent operations. We aim to accurately identify, rapidly 
understand, and efficiently satisfy demand, achieving “one enterprise, one policy “and “one person, one 
screen, one privilege”, in order to act as a service provider that reaches thousands of households and 
penetrates various industries.
BUILDING MORE ROBUST AND STRONGER “SECURITY”
“Security” manifests the Company’s mission and responsibility. It is the “support” of the Company’s 
steady and long-term growth. We adhered to bottom-line and worst-case scenario thinking, safeguarded 
national security, and enhanced industrial chain resilience, so as to ensure the Company’s stable 
operations, showing commitment to “top national priority” and our “corporate duty”.
Strengthening our technological power. We promoted AI-powered security as well as the security of 
AI, achieving deep integration of artificial intelligence and data security, and was the first and only 
enterprise to pass the highest-level accreditation of the national Data Security Maturity Model (DSMM).
13
Annual Report 2025
Activating product momentum. The Company built a network security product system around its 
“Mogong” security operation service platform, providing customised solutions and creating a growth 
driver for its security business. We launched the Unicom Security Guardian, which served 210 million 
users and offered peace of mind in communication and safeguarded property security.
Fostering a prosperous industrial ecosystem. Establishing an integrated development platform for the 
cybersecurity industry, we joined hands with more than 300 cybersecurity enterprises to form an 
industrial development paradigm led by central state-owned enterprises with support from large, medium, 
and small enterprises.
Ensuring communications security. We successfully completed major communication support tasks for 
the Fourth Plenary Session of the 20th CPC Central Committee, the Two Sessions, the 80th anniversary 
of the victory of the War of Resistance, the Harbin Asian Winter Games, and the 15th National Games. 
These efforts reinforced and demonstrated our leading support capabilities and sharpened our brand as a 
“Model Central State-owned Enterprise” for major event support.
In the future, we will use “security” as our shield, implement a holistic view of national security, adhere to 
the security bottom line, reinforce the safety defense line, and enhance technological advancement and 
reliability. We will transform our security capabilities into security value that is perceivable by customers 
and safeguard the high-quality development of the economy and society.
ACTIVELY FULFILLING CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY
The Company was recognised as “Most Committed to ESG in China” by FinanceAsia and was awarded 
the “Sustainable Asia Award” at the “15th Asian Excellence Awards 2025” organised by Corporate 
Governance Asia. Adhering to green development, the Company promoted the application of energy-saving 
technologies. Energy consumption per unit of data traffic decreased by 12.9% year-on-year and the power 
usage effectiveness (PUE) of our data centres improved by 5% year-on-year . We engaged in public 
welfare services, sending over 50 billion public welfare SMSs and emergency messages during the year . We 
also promoted the construction of digital villages and empowered the upgrade of the agricultural industry, 
implementing over 2,500 benchmark projects. Corporate governance was improved, and the Company was 
named “Most Honored Telecom Company” by Extel (formerly Institutional Investor) for ten consecutive 
years.
14
China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited
Chairman’s Statement
SHAREHOLDER RETURNS
The Company attaches great importance to shareholder returns. While achieving steady growth in 
operating results, the Company is committed to sharing the fruits of development with shareholders. The 
Board of Directors proposed a final dividend8 of RMB0.1329 per share (pre-tax). Together with the 
interim dividend of RMB0.2841 per share (pre-tax) already paid, the total dividend for 2025 will be 
RMB0.417 per share (pre-tax), representing a year-on-year increase of 3.1%, with the dividend payout 
ratio increasing to 61.3%.
OUTLOOK
There is an ancient Chinese saying: “Concluding and commencing constitute change. Streaming and 
flowing lead the way.” The Two Sessions concluded recently have brought significant development 
opportunities for the information and communications industry, instilling confidence in the Company’s 
high-quality development during the “15th Five-Year Plan” period. In 2026, the Company will remain 
committed to its founding aspiration and mission, and adhere to the keynote of “Preserve and Innovate, 
Steady and Far-reaching”, focusing on the core arenas of “connectivity”, “computing power”, “service” 
and “security”. It will pursue a differentiated development path in order to promote new achievements in 
its high-quality development, creating greater value for shareholders, customers and the society.
Finally, on behalf of the Board of Directors, I would like to express my sincere gratitude to all 
shareholders, customers and all sectors of society for their long-standing care and support for the 
Company, and to all employees for their continuous efforts and contributions!
Dong Xin 
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Hong Kong, 19 March 2026
15
Annual Report 2025
Note 1: Return on equity(ROE) = Profit attributable to equity shareholders of the Company during the period/
Average balance of equity attributable to equity shareholders of the Company at the beginning and end 
of the period.
Note 2: Free cash flow represents operating cash flow less capital expenditure. However , it is a non-GAAP 
financial measure which does not have a standardised meaning and therefore may not be comparable to 
similar measures presented by other companies.
Note 3: Computing power business revenue = computing service revenue + data centre revenue. Computing power 
business revenue ratio = computing power business revenue/service revenue.
Note 4: AI revenue mainly includes revenue from intelligent computing services, model and agent applications, 
data services and related businesses.
Note 5: Total connectivity subscriber scale = aggregate number of mobile billing subscribers + aggregate number 
of fixed-line broadband subscribers + aggregate number of fixed-line local access subscribers + 
aggregate number of Internet-of-things terminal connections + aggregate number of networking leased 
line subscribers.
Note 6: Number of standard cabinets is calculated based on 2.5 kW per cabinet.
Note 7: Unicom Cloud revenue includes revenue from cloud IDC, cloud resources, cloud platform, cloud service, 
cloud integration, cloud interconnection, cloud security, etc. generated from integrated innovative 
solutions.
Note 8: The proposed 2025 final dividend is subject to approval at the annual general meeting of the Company.
China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited
16
Overview
Business
In 2025, China Unicom adhered to the principle of seeking progress while 
maintaining stability and promoting stability through progress, earnestly fulfilled 
its economic, political, and social responsibilities, and actively exerted its 
influence in technological innovation, industrial control, and security support. 
The pace of high-quality development increasingly stepped up, achieving a sound 
conclusion to the “14th Five-Year” and laying a solid foundation for a good 
start to the “15th Five-Year”.
17
Annual Report 2025
The connectivity business achieved steady development. Firstly, the Company made every effort to 
stabilise operations and promote development, achieving positive prog

---

5, the consolidated statement of income, the consolidated statement of comprehensive income, the consolidated statement 
of changes in equity and the consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended, and notes to the consolidated financial statements, 
including material accounting policy information and other explanatory information.
In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of the Group as at 
31 December 2025, and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with 
HKFRS Accounting Standards as issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”) and have been properly 
prepared in compliance with the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.
BASIS FOR OPINION
We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) issued by the HKICPA. Our responsibilities under 
those standards are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements section of our 
report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with the HKICPA’s Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (the “Code”), as 
applicable to audits of financial statements of public interest entities. We have also fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance 
with the Code. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.
KEY AUDIT MATTERS
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the consolidated financial 
statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the consolidated financial statements as a 
whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters.
Annual Report 2025
97
Key audit matters How our audit addressed the key audit matters 
Revenue recognition 
We identified revenue recognition as a key audit matter because there 
is an inherent industry risk around the accuracy of revenue recorded by 
the IT billing systems given the complexity of the systems and the 
significance of volumes of data processed by the systems.
In general, revenues are recognised separately for each service/product 
included in contracts as performance obligations are satisfied. The 
data records are captured and the revenue transactions are recorded by 
the IT systems.
Details of the accounting policies for revenue recognition and an 
analysis of revenues are disclosed in Notes 2.25 and 7, respectively, to 
the consolidated financial statements.
Our procedures in relation to revenue recognition comprising both 
control testing and substantive procedures on a sample basis, 
included involving our internal IT specialists to assist with:
• Testing the IT environment in which the billing systems 
reside, including interface controls between different IT 
applications.
• Testing the key controls over the calculation of the amounts 
billed to customers and the capturing and recording of the 
revenue transactions.
• Testing the key controls over the authorisation of the rate 
changes and the input of such rates to the billing systems.
• Testing the end-to-end reconciliations from data records to 
the billing systems and to the general ledger.
• Testing the accuracy of customer bill calculations and the 
respective revenue transactions recorded.
• Testing revenue transactions by comparing the amounts 
recognised in general ledger to supporting documents, 
including customer bills, contracts, project schedules and 
acceptance reports.
China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited
 
Independent Auditor’s Report
98
Key audit matters How our audit addressed the key audit matters 
Impairment of goodwill and long-lived assets 
We identified the impairment of goodwill and long-lived assets as a key 
audit matter because the impairment assessment of the cash-
generating unit to which those assets belong requires the management 
to exercise significant judgments relating to the estimation of level of 
revenue, amount of operating costs and applicable discount rate.
Details of the accounting policies for impairment of goodwill and long-
lived assets and the related accounting estimates are disclosed in 
Notes 2.8, 2.13 and 4.2, respectively, to the consolidated financial 
statements. Details of goodwill impairment assessment are disclosed in 
Note 18 to the consolidated financial statements.
Our procedures in relation to the impairment of goodwill and long-
lived assets included:
• With the assistance of our internal valuation specialists, 
assessing the discount rate and assumptions used by the 
management in the value in use model and comparing the 
discount rate used by the management to externally derived 
data and our own assessments of key inputs used in deriving 
the discount rate.
• With the assistance of our internal valuation specialists, 
comparing the key inputs to the projected cash flows, such 
as the revenue growth rate and amount of operating costs, 
with corresponding historical data to evaluate the 
reasonableness of the management’s projections.
• Assessing and challenging the significant judgments and 
estimates used in the management’s impairment assessment 
and evaluating the sensitivity analysis performed by the 
management.
OTHER INFORMATION
The directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the information included in the 
annual report, but does not include the consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s report thereon.
Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any form of assurance 
conclusion thereon.
In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information and, in doing so, 
consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the 
audit or otherwise appears to be mater

---

utflow from investing activities (69,653) (84,656)
China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited
For the year ended 31 December 2025
(All amounts in RMB millions)
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
108
Year ended 31 December
Note 2025 2024    
Cash flows from financing activities
Capital contributions from non-controlling interests 16 22
Proceeds from short-term bank loans 960 710
Proceeds from long-term loans 2,500 237
Loans from related parties — 546
Repayment of short-term bank loans (711) (680)
Repayment of long-term loans (897) (440)
Capital element of lease rentals paid (13,384) (12,887)
Dividends paid to equity shareholders of the Company (13,472) (11,683)
Net deposits with Finance Company 1,999 999
Increase in statutory reserve deposits placed by Finance Company (627) (874)
Repayment of other obligations (185) (14)    
Net cash outflow from financing activities (23,801) (24,064)    
Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents (3,279) (19,318)
Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year 28,480 47,733
Effect of changes in foreign exchange rate (92) 65    
Total cash and cash equivalents, end of year 30 25,109 28,480    
Analysis of the balances of cash and cash equivalents:
Cash balances — —
Bank balances 25,109 28,480    
25,109 28,480    
The notes on pages 110 to 213 are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.
Annual Report 2025
109
The reconciliation of profit before income tax to cash generated from operations is as follows:
Year ended 31 December
2025 2024
(Re-presented)   
Profit before income tax 25,453 25,254
Adjustments for:
Depreciation and amortisation 80,831 83,392
Interest income (1,771) (1,981)
Finance costs 1,202 1,733
Gain on disposal of property, plant and equipment (2,694) (2,827)
Impairment losses under expected credit loss (“ECL”) model and write-down of inventories 5,536 7,275
Dividends from financial assets measured at FVOCI (non-recycling) (171) (156)
Gains on disposal of financial assets measured at FVPL (60) (17)
Gains on disposal of financial assets measured at FVOCI (recycling) — (1)
Dividends from financial assets at FVPL (13) (10)
Investment income from debt securities measured at FVOCI (recycling) (201) (385)
Investment income from debt securities measured at amortised cost (23) (23)
Fair value gains on financial assets measured at FVPL (20) (49)
Share of net profit of associates (2,668) (2,592)
Share of net profit of joint ventures (1,487) (1,481)
Gain from disposal of associates and subsidiary (106) —
Expenses for restricted shares of A Share Company granted to the Group’s employees 118 247
Changes in working capital:
Increase in accounts receivable (14,922) (30,133)
(Increase)/decrease in contract assets (737) 14
Increase in contract costs (5,270) (7,400)
Increase in inventories (254) (377)
Decrease/(increase) in restricted deposits 139 (70)
(Increase)/decrease in other assets (834) 266
Decrease/(increase) in prepayments and other current assets 2,467 (1,294)
Increase in accounts payable and accrued liabilities 7,791 24,933
Increase in other taxes payable 171 435
Increase/(decrease) in advances from customers 141 (76)
Increase in contract liabilities 254 573
Increase/(decrease) in deferred revenue 1,445 (870)
(Decrease)/increase in other obligations (22) 55   
Cash generated from operations 94,295 94,435   
The notes on pages 110 to 213 are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.
China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited
Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025
(All amounts in RMB millions unless otherwise stated)
110
1. ORGANISATION AND PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES
China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited (the “Company”) was incorporated as a limited liability company in the Hong Kong Special 
Administrative Region (“Hong Kong”), the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”) on 8 February 2000. The principal activity of the 
Company is investment holding. The Company principally holds controlling interests in China United Network Communications 
Corporation Limited (“CUCL”) and China Unicom Global Limited (“CUGL”). The principal activities of the Company’s subsidiaries 
are the provision of comprehensive telecommunications services. The Company and its subsidiaries are hereinafter referred to as the 
“Group”. The address of the Company’s registered office is 75th Floor, The Center, 99 Queen’s Road Central, Hong Kong.
The shares of the Company were listed on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (“SEHK”) on 22 June 2000.
The substantial shareholders of the Company are China Unicom (BVI) Limited (“Unicom BVI”) and China Unicom Group 
Corporation (BVI) Limited (“Unicom Group BVI”). The majority of equity interests in Unicom BVI is owned by China United 
Network Communications Limited (hereinafter referred to as “A Share Company”), a joint stock company incorporated in the PRC on 
31 December 2001, with its A shares listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange on 9 October 2002.
The directors of the Company consider Unicom BVI and China United Network Communications Group Company Limited (a 
state-owned enterprise established in the PRC, hereinafter referred to as “Unicom Group”) as the immediate holding company and 
ultimate holding company, respectively.
2. SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION
The principal accounting policies applied in the preparation of these consolidated financial statements are set out below. These 
policies have been consistently applied to all the years presented, unless otherwise stated.
2.1 Statement of compliance
The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with HKFRS Accounting Standards issued by the 
Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (the “HKICPA”), which collective term includes all applicable individual 
Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards (“HKFRSs”), Hong Kong Accounting Standards (“HKASs”) and Interpretations 
issued by the HKICPA. The consolidated financial statements also comply with the applicable disclosure provisions of the Rules 
Governing the Listing of Securities on the SEHK (the “Listing Rules”) and the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.
2.2 Basis of preparation
The consolidated financial state

---

sh equivalents are held for the purpose of meeting short-term cash commitments rather than for 
investment or other purposes.
For the purposes of the consolidated statement of cash flows, cash and cash equivalents consist of cash and cash equivalents as 
defined above.
2.19 Government grants
Government grants are recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position initially when there is reasonable 
assurance that they will be received and that the Group will comply with the conditions attaching to them. Grants that 
compensate the Group for expenses incurred are recognised in profit or loss on a systematic basis in the same period in which 
the expenses are incurred. Grants that compensate the Group for the cost of an asset are recognised as deferred revenue which 
consequently are effectively recognised in profit or loss over the useful life of the asset.
Annual Report 2025
129
2. SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
2.20 Borrowings
Borrowings are bank loans recognised initially at fair value, net of transaction costs incurred. Borrowings are subsequently 
stated at amortised cost, any difference between the proceeds (net of transaction costs) and the redemption value is recognised 
in the consolidated statement of income over the period of the instruments using the effective interest method.
2.21 Share capital
Ordinary shares are classified as equity.
Incremental costs directly attributable to the issuance of new shares are shown in equity as a deduction, net of tax, from the 
proceeds.
Where any group company purchases the Company’s ordinary shares (treasury shares), the consideration paid, including any 
directly attributable incremental costs (net of tax) is deducted from equity attributable to equity shareholders of the Company 
and no gain or loss shall be recognised in the consolidated statement of income.
2.22 Employee benefits
(a) Retirement benefits
The Group participates in defined contribution pension schemes. For defined contribution plans, the Group pays 
contributions to publicly or privately administered pension insurance plans on a mandatory, contractual or voluntary 
basis. The Group is required to make contributions to the pension insurance plans at certain percentage of the 
employees’ payroll. The contributions are recognised as employee benefit expenses when they are due. Prepaid 
contributions are recognised as an asset to the extent that a reduction in the future payments is available. For the years 
ended 31 December 2025 and 2024, no forfeited contributions may be used by the Group to reduce the existing level of 
contributions.
(b) Medical insurance
The Group’s contributions to basic and supplementary medical insurances are expensed as incurred. The Group has no 
further payment obligations once the contributions have been paid.
(c) Housing benefits
One-off cash housing subsidies paid to PRC employees are charged to the consolidated statement of income in the year 
in which it is determined that the payment of such subsidies is probable and the amounts can be reasonably estimated.
The Group’s contributions to the housing fund, special monetary housing benefits and other housing benefits are 
expensed as incurred. The Group has no further payment obligations once the contributions have been paid.
China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited
For the year ended 31 December 2025
(All amounts in RMB millions unless otherwise stated)
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
130
2. SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
2.22 Employee benefits (Continued)
(d) Supplementary benefits
In addition to participating in local governmental defined contribution social insurance, individual subsidiaries of the 
Group also provide other post retirement supplementary benefits to their employees, including supplementary pension 
allowance, reimbursement of medical expenses and supplementary medical insurance. These post retirement 
supplementary benefits are accounted as defined benefit plan. For defined benefit plan, the Group’s obligation for this 
benefit plan is determined using the projected unit credit method and recognised as liability, with actuarial valuation 
carried out at the end of each annual reporting period.
The actuarial valuation was carried out by Willis Towers Watson (Member of China Association of Actuaries), a 
qualified independent actuary. Actuarial assumptions mainly include discount rate and future mortality etc. This defined 
benefit plan does not have any plan assets. The present value of the defined benefit obligation is included in non-current 
other obligations and salary and welfare payables (current portion). As at 31 December 2025, the amount of the 
liability was RMB133 million (2024: RMB140 million). The remeasurement of liability is recognised in other 
comprehensive income, which is not allowed to reverse to profit or loss in subsequent period. Past service cost is 
recognised in profit or loss in the period of a plan amendment or curtailment and a gain or loss on settlement is 
recognised when settlement occurs.
(e) Share-based compensation costs
The Group operates an equity-settled, share-based compensation plan. The fair value of the employee services received 
in exchange for the grant of the share options is recognised as an expense. The total amount to be expensed over the 
vesting period is determined by reference to the fair value of the share options granted at the grant date excluding the 
impact of any non-market vesting conditions (for example, revenue and profit targets) and is not subsequently 
remeasured. However, non-market vesting conditions are considered in determining the number of options that are 
expected to vest. At each date of the statement of financial position, the Group revises its estimates of the number of 
share options that are expected to vest. The Group recognises the impact of the revision of original estimates, if any, in 
the consolidated statement of income of the period in which the revision occurs, with a corresponding adjustment to 
equity.
The equity amount is recognised in other reserves until either the option is exercised (whe

---

s. 
Liabilities arising from financing activities are liabilities for which cash flows were, or future cash flows will be, classified in 
the Group’s consolidated statement of cash flows as cash flows from financing activities.
Short-term 
bank loans
Long-term 
loans
Lease 
liabilities
Other 
borrowings Total
(Note 38) (Note 34) (Note 35)      
At 31 December 2024 (As previously reported) 711 1,413 37,641 10,881 50,646
Re-presentation — 1,442 — (1,442) —
At 1 January 2025 (As re-presented) 711 2,855 37,641 9,439 50,646
Changes from financing cash flows:
Proceeds from loans 960 2,500 — — 3,460
Repayment of short-term bank loans (711) — — — (711)
Repayment of other obligations — — — (185) (185)
Repayment of long-term loans — (897) — — (897)
Capital element of lease rentals paid — — (13,384) — (13,384)
Net deposits with Finance Company — — — 1,999 1,999      
Total changes from financing cash flows 249 1,603 (13,384) 1,814 (9,718)      
Exchange adjustments — (3) — — (3)
Other changes:
Increase in lease liabilities from entering into new 
leases/lease modifications during the year — — 6,860 — 6,860
Decrease due to termination of lease contracts — — (2,509) — (2,509)
Others 6 62 (4) (62) 2      
Total other changes 6 62 4,347 (62) 4,353      
At 31 December 2025 966 4,517 28,604 11,191 45,278
Annual Report 2025
193
30. CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AND OTHER CASH FLOW INFORMATION (Continued)
(b) Reconciliation of liabilities arising from financing activities (Continued)
Short-term 
bank loans
Long-term 
loans
Lease 
liabilities
Other 
borrowings Total
(Note 38) (Note 34) (Note 35)      
At 1 January 2024 681 1,606 43,257 9,233 54,777
Changes from financing cash flows:
Proceeds from bank loans 710 237 — — 947
Loans from related parties — — — 546 546
Repayment of short-term bank loans (680) — — — (680)
Repayment of other obligations — — — (14) (14)
Repayment of long-term loans — (440) — — (440)
Capital element of lease rentals paid — — (12,887) — (12,887)
Net deposits with Finance Company — — — 999 999      
Total changes from financing cash flows 30 (203) (12,887) 1,531 (11,529)      
Exchange adjustments — 7 — — 7
Other changes:
Increase in lease liabilities from entering into new 
leases/lease modifications during the year — — 9,121 — 9,121
Decrease due to termination of lease contracts — — (1,850) — (1,850)
Others — 3 — 117 120
Total other changes — 3 7,271 117 7,391      
At 31 December 2024 711 1,413 37,641 10,881 50,646
China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited
For the year ended 31 December 2025
(All amounts in RMB millions unless otherwise stated)
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
194
31. SHARE CAPITAL
Number of 
shares Share
Issued and fully paid: millions capital   
At 1 January 2024, at 31 December 2024 and at 31 December 2025 30,598 254,056   
32. RESERVES
(a) Movement in components of equity
The Company
Share  
capital
Investment 
revaluation 
reserve
Other 
reserve
Retained 
profits
Total  
equity      
Balance at 1 January 2024 254,056 (9,375) 572 16,658 261,911
Total comprehensive income for the year — 119 — 18,694 18,813
Dividends relating to 2023 final — — — (4,088) (4,088)
Dividends relating to 2024 interim — — — (7,591) (7,591)      
Balance at 31 December 2024 254,056 (9,256) 572 23,673 269,045      
Total comprehensive (expense)income  
for the year — (55) — 10,924 10,869
Dividends relating to 2024 final — — — (4,779) (4,779)
Dividends relating to 2025 interim — — — (8,693) (8,693)      
Balance at 31 December 2025 254,056 (9,311) 572 21,125 266,442      
(b) Nature and purpose
(i) Statutory reserves
CUCL is registered as a foreign investment enterprise in the PRC. In accordance with the Articles of Association, it is 
required to provide for statutory reserves, which are appropriated from profit after tax but before dividend distribution.
CUCL is required to allocate at least 10% of its profit after tax determined under the PRC Company Law to the 
statutory reserve fund until the cumulative amounts reach 50% of the registered capital. The statutory reserve can only 
be used, upon approval obtained from the relevant authority, to offset accumulated losses or increase capital.
Accordingly, CUCL appropriated approximately RMB2,188 million (2024: approximately RMB1,897 million) to the 
statutory reserve fund for the year ended 31 December 2025.
Annual Report 2025
195
32. RESERVES (Continued)
(b) Nature and purpose (Continued)
(i) Statutory reserves (Continued)
Appropriation to the staff bonus and welfare fund is made at the discretion of the Board of Directors. The staff bonus 
and welfare fund can only be used for special bonuses or the collective welfare of the employees and cannot be 
distributed as cash dividends. Under HKFRS Accounting Standards, the appropriations to the staff bonus and welfare 
fund are charged to the consolidated statement of income as expenses incurred since any assets acquired through this 
fund belong to the employees. For the years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024, no appropriation to staff bonus and 
welfare fund has been made by CUCL.
According to the PRC tax approval document issued by the MOF and the SAT of the PRC, the upfront connection fees 
were not subject to the PRC enterprise income tax and an amount equal to the upfront connection fees recognised in the 
retained profits shall be transferred from retained profits to the statutory reserve. As at 31 December 2011, an 
accumulated appropriation of approximately RMB12,289 million was made to the statutory reserve and no more 
upfront connection fees are recognised afterwards.
(ii) General risk reserve
CUCL and Unicom Group established the Finance Company to provide certain financial services. Pursuant to 
“Requirements on Impairment Allowance for Financial Institutions” (Caijin [2012] No. 20) issued by the MOF which 
is effective on 1 July 2012 (the “Document”), the Finance Company establishes a general risk reserve within the 
shareholders’ equity, through appropriation of retained profits, to address unidentified potential losses relating to risk 
assets. The general risk reserve balance should not be less than 1.5% of the ending balance of risk assets, as defined in

---

8, “Accounting Policies, Changes in Accounting Estimates and Errors” and HKFRS 7, 
“Financial Instruments: Disclosures”. Minor amendments to HKAS 7, “Statement of Cash Flows” and HKAS 33, 
“Earnings per Share” are also made.
HKFRS 18 and amendments to other standards, will be effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 
2027, with early application permitted. The application of the new standard is expected to affect the presentation of the 
statement of profit or loss and disclosures in the future financial statements. The Group is in the process of assessing 
the detailed impact of HKFRS 18 on the Group’s consolidated financial statements.
2.3 Subsidiaries and non-controlling interests
Subsidiaries are entities controlled by the Group. The Group controls an entity when it is exposed, or has rights to variable 
returns from its involvement with the entity and has the ability to affect those returns through its power over the entity. When 
assessing whether the Group has power, only substantive rights (held by the Group and other parties) are considered.
An investment in a subsidiary is consolidated into the consolidated financial statements from the date that control commences 
until the date that control ceases. Intra-group balances, transactions and cash flows and any unrealised profits arising from 
intra-group transactions are eliminated in full in preparing the consolidated financial statements. Unrealised losses resulting 
from intra-group transactions are eliminated in the same way as unrealised gains but only to the extent that there is no 
evidence of impairment.
The Group adopted the purchase method of accounting to account for business combination of entities and businesses under 
common control before 2005. Under the purchase method of accounting in force at the date of the acquisition, the cost of an 
acquisition was measured at the fair value of the assets given, equity instruments issued and liabilities incurred or assumed at 
the date of exchange. Identifiable assets acquired and liabilities and contingent liabilities assumed were measured initially at 
their fair values at the acquisition date, irrespective of the extent of any non-controlling interest. The excess of the cost of 
acquisition over the fair value of the Group’s share of the identifiable net assets acquired was recorded as goodwill. If the cost 
of acquisition was less than the fair value of the Group’s share of the identifiable net assets of the subsidiary acquired, the 
difference was recognised directly in the consolidated statement of income.
Annual Report 2025
115
2. SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
2.3 Subsidiaries and non-controlling interests (Continued)
Under HKFRS Accounting Standards, business combination of entity and business under common control of the Group after 
2005 was accounted for using merger accounting in accordance with the Accounting Guideline 5 “Merger accounting for 
common control combinations” (“AG 5”).
Non-controlling interests represent the equity in a subsidiary not attributable directly or indirectly to the Company, and in 
respect of which the Group has not agreed any additional terms with the holders of those interests which would result in the 
Group as a whole having a contractual obligation in respect of those interests that meets the definition of a financial liability. 
For each business combination, the Group elects to measure non-controlling interests at the non-controlling interests’ 
proportionate share of the subsidiary’s net identifiable assets.
Non-controlling interests are presented in the consolidated statement of financial position within equity, separately from equity 
attributable to the equity shareholders of the Company. Non-controlling interests in the results of the Group are presented on 
the face of the consolidated statement of income and the consolidated statement of comprehensive income as an allocation of 
the total profit or loss and total comprehensive income for the year between non-controlling interests and the equity 
shareholders of the Company.
Loans from holders of non-controlling interests and other contractual obligations towards these holders are presented as 
financial liabilities in the consolidated statement of financial position in accordance with Note 2.20 depending on the nature of 
the liability.
Changes in the Group’s interests in a subsidiary that do not result in a loss of control are accounted for as equity transactions, 
whereby adjustments are made to the amounts of controlling and non-controlling interests within consolidated equity to reflect 
the change in relative interests, but no adjustments are made to goodwill and no gain or loss is recognised.
When the Group loses control of a subsidiary, it is accounted for as a disposal of the entire interest in that subsidiary, with a 
resulting gain or loss being recognised in profit or loss. Any interest retained in that former subsidiary at the date when control 
is lost is recognised at fair value and this amount is regarded as the fair value on initial recognition of a financial asset 
(see Note 2.12) or, when appropriate, the cost on initial recognition of an investment in an associate or a joint venture 
(see Note 2.4).
In the Company’s statement of financial position, an investment in a subsidiary is stated at cost less impairment losses, unless 
the investment is classified as held for sale.
China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited
For the year ended 31 December 2025
(All amounts in RMB millions unless otherwise stated)
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
116
2. SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
2.4 Associates, joint ventures and joint arrangement
An associate is an entity in which the Group has significant influence, but not control or joint control, over its management, 
including participation in the financial and operating policy decisions.
A joint arrangement is an arrangement of which two or more parties have joint control. Joint control is the contractually 
agreed sharing of control of an arrangement, which exists only when decisions about the relevant ac

---

ation.
The Group accounts for the remeasurement of lease liabilities by making corresponding adjustments to the relevant 
right-of-use assets.
In the consolidated statement of financial position, the current portion of long-term lease liabilities is determined as the 
present value of contractual payments that are due to be settled within twelve months after the reporting period. The 
Group presents right-of-use assets and lease liabilities separately in the consolidated statement of financial position.
(b) As a lessor
When the Group acts as a lessor, it determines at lease inception whether each lease is a finance lease or an operating 
lease. A lease is classified as a finance lease if it transfers substantially all the risks and rewards incidental to the 
ownership of an underlying assets to the lessee. If this is not the case, the lease is classified as an operating lease.
When a contract contains lease and non-lease components, the Group allocates the consideration in the contract to each 
component on a relative stand-alone selling price basis. The rental income from operating leases is recognised in profit 
or loss in equal instalments over the periods covered by the lease term, except where an alternative basis is more 
representative of the pattern of benefits to be derived from the use of the leased asset. Lease incentives granted are 
recognised in profit or loss as an integral part of the aggregate net lease payments receivable. Variable lease payments 
that do not depend on an index or a rate are recognised as income in the accounting period in which they are earned.
When the Group is an intermediate lessor, the sub-leases are classified as a finance lease or as an operating lease with 
reference to the right-of-use asset arising from the head lease. If the head lease is a short-term lease to which the Group 
applies the exemption described in Note 2.28(a), then the Group classifies the sub-lease as an operating lease.
2.29 Borrowing costs
Borrowing costs are expensed as incurred, except for interest directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or 
production of an asset that necessarily takes a substantial period of time to get ready for its intended use, in which case they 
are capitalised as part of the cost of that asset. Capitalisation of borrowing costs commences when expenditures for the asset 
and borrowing costs are being incurred and the activities to prepare the asset for its intended use are in progress. Borrowing 
costs are capitalised up to the date when substantially all the activities necessary to prepare the project is completed and ready 
for its intended use.
Annual Report 2025
137
2. SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
2.29 Borrowing costs (Continued)
To the extent that funds are borrowed specifically for the purpose of obtaining a qualifying asset, the amount of borrowing 
costs eligible for capitalisation is determined at the actual borrowing costs incurred on that borrowing during the period less 
any investment income on the temporary investment of those borrowings.
To the extent that funds are borrowed generally and used for the purpose of obtaining a qualifying asset, the amount of 
borrowing costs eligible for capitalisation is determined by applying a capitalisation rate to the expenditures on that asset. The 
capitalisation rate is the weighted average of the borrowing costs applicable to the borrowings of the Group that are 
outstanding during the period, other than borrowings made specifically for the purpose of obtaining a qualifying asset. The 
amount of borrowing costs capitalised during a period does not exceed the amount of borrowing cost incurred during that 
period. Other borrowing costs are recognised as expenses when incurred.
2.30 Taxation
(a) Current income tax
The current income tax charge is calculated on the basis of the tax laws enacted or substantially enacted at the date of 
the statement of financial position in the jurisdictions where the Company and its subsidiaries operate and generate 
taxable income. Management periodically evaluates positions taken in tax returns with respect to situations in which 
applicable tax regulation is subject to interpretation and establishes provisions where appropriate on the basis of the 
amount expected to be paid to the tax authorities.
(b) Deferred income tax
Deferred tax assets and liabilities arise from deductible and taxable temporary differences respectively, being the 
differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and their tax bases. 
Deferred tax assets also arise from unused tax losses and unused tax credits.
Apart from certain limited exceptions, all deferred tax liabilities, and all deferred tax assets to the extent that it is 
probable that future taxable profits will be available against which the asset can be utilised, are recognised. Future 
taxable profits that may support the recognition of deferred tax assets arising from deductible temporary differences 
include those that will arise from the reversal of existing taxable temporary differences, provided those differences 
relate to the same taxation authority and the same taxable entity, and are expected to reverse either in the same period 
as the expected reversal of the deductible temporary difference or in periods into which a tax loss arising from the 
deferred tax asset can be carried back or forward. The same criteria are adopted when determining whether existing 
taxable temporary differences support the recognition of deferred tax assets arising from unused tax losses and credits, 
that is, those differences are taken into account if they relate to the same taxation authority and the same taxable 
entity, and are expected to reverse in a period, or periods, in which the tax loss or credit can be utilised.
China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited
For the year ended 31 December 2025
(All amounts in RMB millions unless otherwise stated)
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
138
2. SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
2.30 Taxation (Continued)
(b) Deferred income tax (Continued)
The limited ex

---

n foreign currency.
(ii) Price risk
The Group is exposed to equity securities price risk because investments held by the Group are classified in the 
consolidated statement of financial position as financial assets measured at FVOCI (non-recycling) or FVPL.
The financial assets measured at FVOCI (non-recycling) comprise primarily equity securities of Telefónica S.A. 
(“Telefónica”). As at 31 December 2025, if the share price of Telefónica had increased/decreased by 10%, 
while the exchange rate of RMB against Euro is held constant, other comprehensive income would increase/
decrease approximately RMB185 million (2024: approximately RMB190 million). The listed investments 
measured at FVPL comprise primarily equity securities of certain PRC listed companies. As at 31 December 
2025, if the price of the respective listed equity securities had increased/decreased by 10%, profit after tax 
would increase/decrease approximately RMB17 million (2024: approximately RMB15 million).
(iii) Cash flow and fair value interest rate risk
The Group’s interest-bearing assets are mainly represented by bank deposits, debt securities measured at FVOCI 
(recycling), financial assets held under resale agreements, lending by Finance Company to third parties and 
investments in capital bonds. Management does not expect the changes in market deposit interest rates will have 
significant impact on the financial statements as the long-term deposits are all bearing fixed interest rate and 
other deposits are all short-term in nature and the interest involved will not be significant.
China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited
For the year ended 31 December 2025
(All amounts in RMB millions unless otherwise stated)
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
144
3. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS 
(Continued)
3.1 Financial risk factors (Continued)
(a) Market risk (Continued)
(iii) Cash flow and fair value interest rate risk (Continued)
The Group’s interest rate risk mainly arises from interest-bearing borrowings including bank loans, related party 
loans and lease liabilities. Borrowings issued at floating rates expose the Group to cash flow interest rate risk. 
Borrowings issued at fixed rates expose the Group to fair value interest rate risk upon renewal. The Group 
determines the amount of its fixed rate or floating rate borrowings depending on the prevailing market 
conditions. During the years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024, the Group’s borrowings were mainly at fixed 
rates and were mainly denominated in RMB.
Increases in interest rates will increase the cost of new borrowings and the interest expense with respect to the 
Group’s outstanding floating rate borrowings, and therefore could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s 
financial performance. Management continuously monitors the interest rate position of the Group and makes 
decisions with reference to the latest market conditions. From time to time, the Group may enter into interest 
rate swap agreements to mitigate its exposure to interest rate risks in connection with the floating rate 
borrowings, although the Group did not consider it was necessary to do so in the years ended 31 December 2025 
and 2024.
As at 31 December 2025, the Group had approximately RMB15,007 million (2024: approximately 
RMB11,052 million) of long-term and short-term borrowings in floating rates and approximately RMB29,835 
million (2024: approximately RMB38,905 million) of long-term borrowings and lease liabilities in fixed rates.
For the year ended 31 December 2025, if interest rates on the floating rate borrowings had increased/decreased 
50 basic points while all other variables are held constant, profit after tax would decrease/increase 
approximately RMB56 million (2024: approximately RMB41 million).
(b) Credit risk
Credit risk refers to the risk that a counterparty will default on its contractual obligations resulting in a financial loss to 
the Group. Credit risk is managed on a group basis. Credit risk arises from cash and cash equivalents and short-term 
and long-term bank deposits, as well as credit exposures to major corporate customers, individual subscribers and 
general corporate customers, related parties and other telecommunications operators.
Annual Report 2025
145
3. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS 
(Continued)
3.1 Financial risk factors (Continued)
(b) Credit risk (Continued)
To limit exposure to credit risk relating to cash and cash equivalents and short-term, long-term bank deposits, the 
Group primarily places cash and cash equivalents and bank deposits only with large state-owned financial institutions in 
the PRC and other banks with acceptable credit ratings. Therefore, the Group expects that there is no significant credit 
risk and does not expect that there will be any significant losses from non-performance by these counterparties.
In addition, the Group has no significant concentrations of credit risk with respect to individual subscribers and 
corporate customers. The Group has policies to limit the credit exposure on receivables for services and sales of mobile 
handsets. The Group assesses the credit quality of all its customers and sets credit limits on them by taking into account 
their financial position, the availability of guarantee from third parties, their credit history and other factors such as 
current market conditions. The normal credit period granted by the Group to individual subscribers and general 
corporate customers is 30 days from the date of billing unless they meet certain specified credit assessment criteria. For 
major corporate customers, the credit period granted by the Group is based on the service contract terms, normally not 
exceeding 1 year. The utilisation of credit limits and settlement pattern of customers are regularly monitored by the 
Group. In respect of other receivables, individual credit evaluations are performed on all counterparties requiring credit 
over a certain amount. These evaluations focus on the counterparties’ past history of making payments when due and 
current ability to pay, and take into account information spec

---

interest-bearing debts plus total equity. Interest-bearing debts represent short-term bank loans, long-term loans, lease 
liabilities as shown in the consolidated statement of financial position. The interest-bearing debts do not include balance of 
deposits received by Finance Company and its related interest payable, amounting to RMB10,755 million, as at 31 December 
2025 (2024: 8,750 million).
The Group’s debt-to-capitalisation ratios are as follows:
31 December  
2025
31 December  
2024
(Re-presented)   
Interest-bearing debts:
— Short-term bank loans 966 711
— Long-term loans 3,928 2,128
— Lease liabilities (non-current portion) 16,135 24,222
— Current portion of long-term loans 589 727
— Lease liabilities (current portion) 12,469 13,419   
34,087 41,207
Total equity 370,867 363,570   
Interest-bearing debts plus total equity 404,954 404,777   
Debt-to-capitalisation ratio 8.4% 10.2%
China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited
For the year ended 31 December 2025
(All amounts in RMB millions unless otherwise stated)
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
148
3. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS 
(Continued)
3.3 Fair value estimation
Financial assets of the Group mainly include cash and cash equivalents, long-term bank deposits, short-term bank deposits and 
restricted deposits, accounts receivable, the financial assets included in prepayments and other current assets, financial assets 
measured at fair value and certain other assets. Financial liabilities of the Group mainly include the financial liabilities 
included in accounts payable and accrued liabilities, bills payable, short-term bank loans, long-term loans and other 
obligations.
(a) Financial assets measured at fair value
The table below analyses financial instruments carried at fair value, by valuation method. The different levels have been 
defined as follows:
• Level 1 valuation: unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities at the measurement 
date.
• Level 2 valuation: observable inputs which fail to meet Level 1, and not using significant unobservable inputs for 
which market data are not available.
• Level 3 valuation: fair value measured using significant unobservable inputs.
The following table presents the Group’s assets that are measured at fair value as at 31 December 2025:
Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total     
Recurring fair value measurement:
Equity securities measured at FVOCI (non-recycling) 2,031 — 121 2,152
Financial assets measured at FVPL 2,702 — 1,606 4,308
Debt securities measured at FVOCI (recycling) 20,070 — — 20,070     
Total 24,803 — 1,727 26,530     
The following table presents the Group’s assets that are measured at fair value as at 31 December 2024:
Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total     
Recurring fair value measurement:
Equity securities measured at FVOCI (non-recycling) 2,099 — 111 2,210
Financial assets measured at FVPL 2,415 — 1,261 3,676
Debt securities measured at FVOCI (recycling) 7,931 — — 7,931     
Total 12,445 — 1,372 13,817
Annual Report 2025
149
3. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS 
(Continued)
3.3 Fair value estimation (Continued)
(a) Financial assets measured at fair value (Continued)
The fair value of financial instruments traded in active markets is based on quoted market prices at the date of the 
statement of financial position. A market is regarded as active if quoted prices are readily and regularly available from 
an exchange, dealer, broker, industry group, pricing service, or regulatory agency, and those prices represent actual and 
regularly occurring market transactions on an arm’s length basis. The quoted market price used for financial assets held 
by the Group is the current bid price. These instruments are included in level 1 and comprise primarily equity securities 
of Telefónica, debt securities issued by banks which are classified as financial assets measured at FVOCI and certain 
equity investments, investments in monetary funds that are classified as financial assets measured at FVPL.
During the years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024, there were no significant transfer between Level 1 and Level 2, 
or transfer into or out of Level 3. The Group’s policy is to recognise transfers between levels of fair value hierarchy as 
at the end of the reporting period in which they occur.
(b) Fair value of financial instruments carried at other than fair value
As at 31 December 2025 and 2024, the carrying amounts, fair values and the level of fair values of the Group’s 
long-term financial assets and liabilities carried at amortised cost are disclosed below:
Carrying 
amounts  
as at  
31 December 
2025
Fair value  
as at  
31 December 
2025
Fair value measurements as  
at 31 December 2025 categorised into
Carrying 
amounts  
as at  
31 December 
2024
Fair value  
as at  
31 December 
2024
Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 (Re-presented) (Re-presented)        
Long-term bank deposits 15,580 15,862 — 15,862 — 15,185 15,427
Capital bonds 431 486 — 486 — 442 471
Non-current portion of long-term 
loans 3,928 3,845 — 3,845 — 2,128 2,117        
The fair values of the non-current portion of long-term loans is based on the expected cash flows of principal and 
interests payment discounted at market rates ranging from 0.57%~3.50% (2024: 0.57% to 3.60%) per annum. The 
fair values of long-term bank deposits and capital bonds are based on the expected cash flows of principal and interests 
discounted at market rate of 1.90% (2024: 1.90%) per annum and 3.73% (2024: 4.38%) per annum, respectively.
Besides, the carrying amounts of the Group’s other financial assets and liabilities carried at amortised cost 
approximated their fair values as at 31 December 2025 and 2024 due to the nature or short maturity of those 
instruments.
China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited
For the year ended 31 December 2025
(All amounts in RMB millions unless otherwise stated)
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
150
4. CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND JUDGMENTS
Estimates and judgments are continually evaluated and are based on historical experience and other factors, including expectations of 
future events that are