SLNNOODDV GNV LYOdSaY TIVANNV

IMM

A06 05/12/2025 #

Ashmore conn

Read more about
Ashmore online

Contents

Strategic report
Stability meets opportunity
Understanding Ashmore
— Three-phase strategy
~ Consistent business model
— Global and local office network
— Investment philosophy
— Diversified business
- Remuneration philosophy
— Financial resources
- Consistently superior growth in
emerging countries
— Growth and structural
developments in EM fixed income
— Highly diversified asset classes
— Attractive real interest rates
— Specialist active management
— Outlook for the US dollar
CEO review
Market review
Key performance indicators
Business review,
Risk management
Section 172 statement
People and culture
Sustainability
TCFD report

Governance

Board of Directors

Chair's statement

Corporate governance report

Audit and Risk Committee report .
Nominations Committee report
Remuneration report

Statement of Directors’ responsibilities
Directors’ report

Financial statements
Independent auditor's report
Consolidated financial statements
Company financial statements
Notes to the financial statements
Five-year summary

Alternative performance measures
Mandatory GHG reporting and
SECR requirements

Information for shareholders
Glossary

COAMAWHN

10

12

13

zwar ae
eai3aae

BRESSSRRS

SB@sggege

94
103
107
110
152
153
156

158
160

o
3
a
a
g

Ashmore’s 2025 |

e e =
highlights
AuM Profit before tax —_—
US$47.6bn £108.6m ss

3

2024: US$49.3bn 2024: £128.1m a
AuM outperforming benchmarks (3 years) Diluted EPS
70% 11.8

6 .8p
2024: 59% 2024: 13.6p
Adjusted EBITDA margin Dividends per share
36% 16.9

6 Ip
2024: 41% 2024: 16.9p

Ashmore Annual Report and Accounts 2025 1

Stability meets
opportunity

Ashmore is a specialist emerging markets investment manager
that has successfully managed its clients’ capital for more than

30 years. Ashmore’s purpose is to deliver long-term investment
outperformance for clients, and to generate value for shareholders
across market cycles.

Specialist, focused on investing in emerging markets

Ashmore has managed investments in emerging markets for more than three decades and has participated in the development
of a large, diverse and highly attractive investment universe. There is further substantial growth available in these markets as
they follow powerful and well-established trends of economic, political and social convergence with the developed world.
Investment opportunities arise from market inefficiencies, as emerging markets are often misunderstood and underappreciated,
and Ashmore can capitalise on these opportunities through its specialist, active approach to investment management.

Growth strategy and consistent business model

Ashmore’s three-phase strategy is fully aligned with the longer-term growth opportunities in emerging markets and its business
model is designed to operate across the full market cycle. The principal features of the model are consistent over time and
comprise: a strong, liquid balance sheet; a flexible remuneration philosophy with an emphasis on long-term equity ownership;
strict management of operating costs; and the delivery of a relatively high operating margin to shareholders.

Understanding Ashmore Ashmore’s performance

© See more on pages 3-17. @ See more on page 22

CEO’s review Business review
© See more on page 18 © See more on page 24

2 Ashmore Annual Report and Accounts 2025

Understanding Ashmore

The following pages describe in detail Ashmore’s strategy,
business model and differentiated approach to investing in
emerging markets, together with an overview of the highly
attractive characteristics of those markets.

@OURUJBAOD, |

Key features of Ashmore’s business

© Three-phase growth strategy to increase AuM, diversify
revenue streams and broaden access to capital in
emerging countries.

© Differentiated business model to execute the strategy
across market cycles, facilitating investment for future
growth and underpinning the delivery of profitable
growth for shareholders.

© Global operating hubs and a network of local asset
management platforms to provide services to a broad
range of institutional and retail clients around the world

© Active management through investment committees,
with a ‘no star’ culture to mitigate key person risk.

© Diversified AuM: by investment theme, client type and
client domicile.

© Aconsistent and effective remuneration philosophy that
underpins a team-based culture, rewards performance,
and aligns employees’ interests with those of clients
and shareholders.

© A strong, well-capitalised and liquid balance sheet that
supports the business across market cycles and
enables investment in strategic growth and
diversification opportunities.

Macroeconomic and structural factors
Emerging markets offer a broad range of investment
opportunities, underpinned by important macroeconomic
and structural factors:

— Consistently superior aggregate economic growth
compared with developed countries.

— Underappreciated structural developments, such as
the shift to local currency funding by governments and
companies, that improve the resilience of emerging
countries to external shocks.

= Inflation is under control yet policy rates remain high,
providing attractive real interest rates and room for
central banks in emerging countries to ease monetary
policy to support further economic growth.

— Passive replication of indices carries risks, particularly
where the index is highly diverse and individual countries
or companies can be important sources of alpha; or
conversely where the index is concentrated and
investment risk is not well diversified. Active
management can mitigate these risks and deliver
outperformance.

- For many reasons, the direction of the US dollar is
important for emerging markets, and the headwinds

faced by the currency may extend into the medium term,

providing an important support to the performance of
emerging markets and thereby stimulating allocations.

Highly diversified asset classes in

70+ emerging
countries

requiring active asset management to identify
and to exploit investment opportunities.

Ashmore Annual Report and Accounts 2025

3

sjuawieleys jeoueuly |

Understanding Ashmore continued

Three-phase strategy

Ashmore’s strategy is designed to capitalise on the long-term growth opportunities available in

emerging markets.

Opportunities

2025 progress

Potential risk sources

1. Established

Emerging markets
asset classes

— Developed world investors
hold approximately
US$95 trillion of assets
and yet are profoundly
underweight emerging
markets: target allocations
are less than 10%
compared with average
global benchmark
weights in excess of 20%

The long-term emerging
markets allocation
opportunity remains
substantial, with both
structural and cyclical
opportunities to grow
AuM

Net flows improved
through lower
redemptions against a
backdrop of continued
investor risk aversion

— Weak sentiment
towards,

and fundamental
performance of,
emerging markets
Downturn in Ashmore’s
long-term investment
performance

2. Diversified

Developed world capital
sources and themes

— The emerging markets
investment universe
continues to grow and
diversify, and Ashmore
Strives to be at the
forefront of accessing
new market opportunities
as they arise

Diversifying revenue
streams provides
Ashmore with greater
stability through

the cycle

Net inflow to equity
strategies

Continued demand for
IG strategies from
Asian clients
Intermediary retail AuM.
remains at 4% of Group
AuM

Constraints on longer-
term growth, such as
competition

Downturn in Ashmore’s
long-term investment
performance

3. Local

Mobilise emerging
markets capital

Investment management
industries in many
emerging countries are
at an early stage of
development and
experiencing rapid AuM
growth

This presents a
significant growth
opportunity in local asset
management platforms,
as well as cross-border
emerging markets
opportunities, over the
longer term

4 Ashmore Annual Report and Accounts 2025

'

Local office AuM
increased by 5% to
US$7.8 billion and
represents 16% of
Group AuM

AuM sourced from
clients domiciled in
emerging markets
increased from 37% to
38% of Group AuM

— Inadequate oversight of
local asset management
platforms.

— Lack of understanding of,
and compliance with,
local regulations

Consistent business model

Ashmore’s business model supports its growth strategy and has distinctive characteristics
that enable it to create value for the Group’s clients and shareholders over market cycles.

Principal characteristics

Focus on managing Investment
emerging markets committees, ‘no star’ Diversified client base
investments culture

Specialist, active
investment
management

Financial strength with
a liquid, well-capitalised
i balance sheet, and
Philosophy no debt

Operating cost discipline,
flexible remuneration

Delivering alignment and long-term value

Clients Employees Communities Shareholders
Le) fe) (9)
70% ~38% >75 36%
AuM outperforming employee equity projects supported by adjusted EBITDA margin

The Ashmore Foundation

over three years ownership High operating margin
Consistent implementation Alignment of interests Ashmore donates 0.5% and significant cash
of investment philosophy delivered through of profit before tax to generation support
to take advantage of remuneration with equity charities, including the returns to shareholders.
market inefficiencies. awards deferred for Foundation.

five years.

Ashmore Annual Report and Accounts 2025

Q
3
2
g
3
a
3
fal
®

squawajels jeoueuly |

Understanding Ashmore continued

Global and
local office
network

A differentiating aspect of Ashmore’s strategy
is to mobilise emerging markets capital, both
into globally-managed products and through
a network of local asset management
platforms that source and invest capital
domestically or regionally.

The local offices have autonomy, but with appropriate
governance and oversight to ensure the domestic businesses
are developed and executed in alignment with Ashmore’s
strategy, purpose and policies. Each office also benefits from
the efficiency of Ashmore’s operating infrastructure and
connections with its global EM investment committees.

Ashmore is a majority shareholder in each of its local offices,
but with a typically significant minority interest owned by
local employees and, where appropriate, strategic partners.

The offices provide differentiated sources of AuM and profits
to the Group, and operate in countries where the asset
management industry has significant growth prospects.
There is potential for further growth through broadening

the capabilities of the existing platforms and considering
opportunistic expansion into other target markets.

6 Ashmore Annual Report and Accounts 2025

9 Ashmore Colombia,
Bogota

Established in
2010

Focused on managing domestic
and regional infrastructure assets
in private equity and private debt
vehicles, alongside Colombian
listed equity strategies.

9 Ashmore Saudi
Arabia, Riyadh

Established in
2014

Manages a broad range of listed
equity, fixed income and thematic
private equity funds for local

institutional and retail investors.

Strong growth in local
office AuM

Ashmore's local asset management offices have delivered
9% compound annual growth in AuM since 2020,
increasing from US$5.0 billion to US$7.8 billion, and
represent 16% of the Group's AuM.

Importantly, these businesses provide diversification and

significant opportunities for further growth, both from the
existing platforms and through additions to the network.

2021-2022 2028«-2024 «2025

map removed

9 Ashmore Qatar,
Doha

Established in
2025

Provides advice on Qatari and

regional investment opportunities,

and develops institutional
relationships.

9 Ashmore India,
Mumbai

Established in
2016
Experienced investment

management team with strong
track record in Indian equities.

9 Ashmore Indonesia,
Jakarta

Established in
2012

Broad range of listed equity and
fixed income products. Expanding
local distribution capabilities to

include digital channels. Listed on
the Jakarta Stock Exchange.

Key

O Global offices

<2! offices

Ashmore Annual Report and Accounts 2025 7

Bares

16

3
3
g

@oURWaA0D |

sjuawaleis jetoueul4 |

Understanding Ashmore continued

Investment philosophy

Ashmore has successfully followed a consistent investment philosophy for more than three decades.

Investment committees

At the core of Ashmore’s philosophy is a committee-based
approach to managing client portfolios. This provides a highly

institutionalised, team-based framework that results in a ‘no star’
culture in which no individual is solely fesponsible for investment

decisions or client portfolios. It is a principal factor in mitigating
the key person risk in asset management.

Active management

The emerging markets are large, diversified and relatively
inefficient. Asset prices can be heavily influenced over short

time periods by factors other than underlying economic, political

and company fundamentals. Consequently, Ashmore actively
manages client portfolios and seeks to exploit these
inefficiencies to generate long-term performance for its clients.

Proprietary research

Ashmore’s proprietary research draws on its long history of
specialising in emerging markets. These insights are shared
across asset classes, but importantly there is no ‘house view’
that investment teams must follow when managing client
portfolios. This supports the diversification benefit of managing
a range of strategies in multiple distinct investment themes.

Ashmore’s local office investment teams in countries such
as Colombia, Saudi Arabia, India and Indonesia operate
independently and provide valuable ‘on the ground’ local
market insights to the global equity and fixed income ICs,
including macro views and company analysis and trading
intelligence. In turn, the local offices benefit from the ICs’
global macro views and other research to consider as
inputs to their own investment processes

ESG integration

Ashmore has integrated the analysis of ESG factors into its
fixed income, equities and alternatives investment processes,

External debt

Invests in debt instruments issued by sovereigns and
quasi-sovereigns and denominated in foreign currencies.

Local currency

Invests in local currencies and local currency-denominated
debt instruments issued by sovereigns, quasi-sovereigns
and companies.

Corporate debt

Invests in debt instruments issued by public and private
sector companies.

Blended debt

Asset allocation across the external debt, local currency
and corporate debt investment themes, measured
against tailor-made blended indices.

Equities

Invests in equity and equity-related instruments
including global, regional, country, small cap, frontier
and multi-asset opportunities

Alternatives

Invests in private equity (healthcare, infrastructure,
education), infrastructure debt and distressed debt
opportunities.

reflecting the belief that the incorporation of non-financial factors

can help to build a robust understanding and assessment of an
investment opportunity.

Investment committees structure

Fixed income
Ic

Local
offices

Ic if ceeeseeseeeeeeeeeeeees .

8 Ashmore Annual Report and Accounts 2025

Investment ~ External debt
teams — Local currency
(sub ICs) - Corporate debt
Allocation - Blended debt . ESG
integration
= All cap
Investment ~ Active
teams - Frontier
(sub ICs) = Multiasset

Diversified business

Ashmore’s AuM is diversified by investment theme, client type and client domicile. This diversity
helps to mitigate the impact of market cycles on the Group’s financial performance.

Ashmore manages capital across a range of diversified
investment themes. Dedicated strategies within each theme
provide either global emerging markets or specific regional or
country exposure. The Group will continue to develop strategies
to provide clients with access to a broad range of risk and return
profiles as the emerging markets evolve.

Ashmore’s client base comprises a wide range of institutional
clients and high net worth investors, accessed through
intermediaries such as private banks, with broad geographic
diversification,

To diversify further, the Group aims to increase the proportion
of AuM in the equities and alternatives themes, to increase the
capital sourced locally in emerging markets, and to grow the
intermediary retail business.

Investment theme (% of Group total)

@ External debt 15%
CE Local currency 30%
© Corporate debt 11%
IM Blended debt 25%
@ Equities 16%
& Alternatives 3%

There is diversification across a range of headline fixed
income investment themes and a growing proportion of
AuM in equities.

Investment theme (US$ billion)

I External debt 74
Cl Local currency 142
© Corporate debt 52
M@ Blended debt 17
@ Equities 75
1B Atternatives 1.6

The breadth and depth of Ashmore’s investment teams,

its scalable operating platform and the size of the underlying
investment universe mean there is significant AUM growth
available in each theme.

Client type (% of Group total)

I Central banks 28%
(2 Sovereign wealth funds 25%
C Governments 1%
i Pension plans 12%
IW Corporates / financial

institutions 22%
i Funds / sub-advisers 11%
Intermediary retail 4%
1 Foundations /

endowments 1%

Diversified institutional client base and potential to
increase proportion of AuM sourced from retail investors
via intermediaries such as private banks, wealth advisers
and platforms.

Client domicile (% of Group total)

@ Americas 13%
{ Europe 27%
© uk 4%
I Middle East & Africa 22%
B@ Asia Pacific 34%

Broad-based distribution, and 38% of AuM is sourced from
clients in emerging markets, a notable increase from 26%
five years ago.

Ashmore Annual Report and Accounts 2025 9

squawaieys |eloueul.

Understanding Ashmore continued

Remuneration philosophy

Aconsistent equity-oriented remuneration philosophy applies to all Group employees. It underpins a
strong team-based culture, and delivers alignment and high levels of employee retention.

Ashmore’s approach to remuneration focuses on aligning
rewards with performance, at both the Group and individual
levels. Salaries are capped at a low level relative to industry
averages, and employees participate in a Group-wide bonus
pool, determined by reference to the Group's profit each year.

Number of employees by office location

@ Global 177
O Local 95

Ashmore has made a significant investment in its local
offices, which employ approximately one-third of the
Group's employees. These offices follow the same
remuneration principles as the Group, with relatively low
basic salaries and performance-related pay that includes a
significant equity component with long-term deferral

Number of employees by function

@ Investment 102
@ Distribution 35
CG. Support 135

Approximately half of Ashmore’s employees are in front
office roles, directly investing clients’ capital or establishing
and managing client relationships.

These critical roles are supported by a range of effective
support functions including compliance, risk management,
fund operations, performance reporting, finance and legal

Individual bonus awards have a significant mandatory equity
component with deferral over five years, providing a strong
alignment of interests with clients and shareholders.

© See more on page 70

Variable remuneration has a bias to equity,
and includes opportunity to increase
alignment

Initial award £60 Pole = £100
@ Cash

@ Restricted shares
© Bonus and matching shares from commuted cash

The benefits of employee equity ownership

In addition to the mandatory equity component of any
bonus award, Group employees can exchange up to half of
the cash element for twice the value in deferred equity.
Importantly, the equity is eligible for ordinary dividends from
the grant point, aligning interests with other shareholders
and providing an additional source of cash flow for
employees during the five-year vesting period.

This approach is replicated in Ashmore’s local offices, with
employees receiving equity in their own subsidiary. This
aligns the interests of the local business with the Group and
provides an incentive to create long-term equity value

The bias to long-dated equity underpins employee retention,
with unplanned employee turnover rates typically in the 5%
to 10% range, and helps to preserve the firm's culture.

In total, approximately 38% of Ashmore’s equity is owned
by employees, including c.9% held by the EBT representing
deferred equity awards yet to vest. The EBT purchases
shares in the market opportunistically to satisfy awards,
meaning that shareholders are not diluted.

10 Ashmore Annual Report and Accounts 2025