SINNODOV GNV LHOd44Y TVANNY

*ADGBMFO7*
#123

HNN

Ashmore

Contents

Strategic report

Ata giance 2
Business model 4
Three-phase strategy 5
CEO review 6
Investment opportunities in Emerging Markets 9
Emerging economies 10
Emerging Markets 12
Established specialist investment manager 4
Local office network 16
Investment philosophy 18
Market review 20
Key performance indicators 22
Business review 24
Risk management 31
Section 172 statement 38
People & culture 42
Sustainability 46
Climate-related financial disclosures 50
Governance

Board of Directors 56
Corporate governance report 58
Audit and Risk Committee report 66
Nominations Committee report 70
Remuneration report 72
Statement of Directors’ responsibilities 91
Directors’ report 92
Financial statements

Independent auditor's report 96
Consolidated financial statements 104
Company financial statements 108
Notes to the financial statements 1
Five-year summary 152
Alternative performance measures 183
Mandatory GHG reporting and SECR 156
requirements

Information for shareholders, 159

2024 highlights Glossary 161

AuM AuM outperforming Adjusted EBITDA
benchmarks (3 years) margin
fe) 0)
US$49.3bn 59% 41%
2023: US$55.96n 2023: 69% 2023: 54%
-12% YoY
Profit before tax Diluted EPS Dividends per share
£128.1m 13.6p 16.9p
2023: £111.8m 2023 12.2p 2023: 16.99
+15% YoY +12% YoY [Pages 1 to 55 constitute the Strategic report which was approved by

the Board on 4 September 2024 and signed on its behalf by:

Mark Coombs
Chief Executive Officer

Specialism delivers Emerging
Markets insights

The size, scale and diversity of Emerging Markets are often misunderstood
and underappreciated. Ashmore’s specialist, active approach exploits this
inefficiency to deliver long-term investment performance for clients.

12

Investment
opportunities
More than 70
emerging countries
offer a diverse array
of opportunities in
equity and fixed
income markets

10

16

Local
presence

Ashmore’s network
of local offices source
and invest capital
domestically, and
provide insights to
the global ICs

Economic resilience

Emerging countries have been extraordinarily
resilient in the face of profound shocks in recent
years, due to the quality and effectiveness of
policy responses

14

Ashmore’s proven approach

Ashmore’s established investment processes
have managed Emerging Markets assets for
more than three decades. Over this period,

the Group has participated in the development
of a large, diverse and highly attractive
investment universe

2

At a glance

Ashmore’s purpose is
to deliver long-term
investment
outperformance for
clients and to generate
value for shareholders
over market cycles

Ashmore Group ple Annual Report and Accounts 2024

1

vod, ai6a1ens

@OURUIBADD,

suatuereis |eoueUty

At a glance

Understanding Ashmore

Ashmore is a specialist Emerging Markets investment manager that has successfully managed its
clients’ capital for more than 30 years. Its purpose is to deliver long-term investment outperformance
for clients and to generate value for shareholders over market cycles.

Ashmore's Emerging Markets investments
and worldwide network i

@ Emerging |
Markets invested |

@ Ashmore presence

11

office locations

283

employees |

Subst: anti al long- term Emerging Markets consistently deliver superior
eae GDP growth (%)
growth opportunities

Emerging Markets are expected to continue to
deliver superior economic growth, underpinned
by powerful convergence trends, a propensity to
reform and structural changes such as a shift to
local currency funding. This growth profile, and
the consequent investment opportunities, support
Ashmore’s strategic focus on delivering long-term
growth and value for clients and shareholders

See more on page 12

2. Ashmore Group ple Annual Report and Accounts 2024

| Consistent investment
philosophy
Ashmore has implemented its investment philosophy

consistently and successfully since it launched its
first fund in 1992.

Specialist, active investment management enables
| Ashmore to exploit inefficiencies in a diverse
| universe of more than 70 Emerging Markets

Ashmore has integrated the analysis of ESG factors
| into its investment processes, providing a
comprehensive view of risks and opportunities.

Macro ae Proprietary
enna ‘research & ESG
too-down integration

. .
4 jali ‘
A specialist
| active approach '
to Emerging ~
° markets ® =. Bottomup
Liqurety redivalue |
obeeaced ~ ecuntyquaity
. ‘growin
v Aciwe -

c
management

Network of local asset management platforms

, Ashmore’s local asset management platforms provide diversified AuM growth, with compound annual

| growth of 11% over the past four years

Investment approach Diversified client bases Locally-managed AuM (USSbn)
| Each platform has an independent The platforms source and manage

investment process that benefits capital for domestic clients,

from Ashmore’s macro views and but also provide access to local

other research, and also provides (country/regional) investment

insights to the Group's global ICs opportunities for Ashmore’s

See more on page 18

global client base.
See more on page 16

Diversified business

Ashmore’s AuM is diversified by investment theme, client type and client geography. Strategic objectives
| focus on increasing the proportion of AuM in equities and alternatives themes, and increasing capital
sourced locally in Emerging Markets and through retail intermediaries

Investment theme (%) Client type (%)

Client geography (%)

Ashmore Group ple Annual Report and Accounts 2024

3

yoda! aiBareng

@QURUIOAOD)

squawueyeys eoueLI4 |

Business model

Resilient and scalable
business model

Ashmore’s business model supports its growth strategy and has distinctive characteristics that enable
it to create value for the Group’s clients and shareholders over market cycles.

Key characteristics

' \ | . Financial strength |
Focus on managing Investment | Operating cost | with a

Emerging Markets | | committees, Diversified | discipline, flexible well-capitalised |
| investments =| ‘no star’ culture hilosophy balance sheet, j
: j e phy | and no debt |
_
Investment approach to Emerging Markets
' : gxrond foundatio,
Specialist,
yz active investment § ,
2
. management 3
% a
%
%, <
s
"a, Nj
) 3
%e
oo
~~
Delivering alignment and long-term value
Clients Employees Communities Shareholders
Y 8% 5 1%

59% ~38% >7 41%
AuM outperforming over employee equity projects supported by adjusted EBITDA margin
three years ownership The Ashmore Foundation
Consistent implementation Alignment of interests Ashmore donates 0.5% High operating margin
of investment philosophy delivered through of profit before tax to and significant cash
exploits market equity-biased charities, including generation (£713 million
inefficiencies to deliver remuneration with The Ashmore Foundation. in FY2024) support returns
long-term outperformance. five-year deferral period. to shareholders.
See more on page 18 See more on page 42 See more on page 49 See more on page 24

4 — Ashmore Group ple Annual Report and Accounts 2024

Three-phase strategy

Capitalise on long-term

growth opportunities

Ashmore’s strategy is appropriate to capitalise on the substantial growth opportunities available in
Emerging Markets. Each of the three phases has the potential to deliver further significant long-term
growth in AuM and profits, creating value for shareholders.

Opportunities

2024 progress

Potential risk sources

Established

Emerging Markets
asset classes

Developed world investors
hold approximately
US$100 trillion of assets
and yet are profoundly
underweight Emerging
Markets: target allocations
are less than 10%
compared with global
benchmark weights of
approximately 10%

10 35%

The long-term Emerging
Markets allocation
opportunity remains
substantial

Fewer redemptions but
continued risk aversion
by some investors

Sentiment towards,
and fundamental
performance of,
Emerging Markets
Long-term investment
performance

Diversified

Developed world capital
sources and themes

The Emerging Markets
investment universe
continues to grow and
diversify, and Ashmore
Strives to be at the
forefront of accessing
new market opportunities
as they arise

Diversifying revenue
streams provides

greater stabllity through
the cycle

Resihent equities AuM,
with focus on converting
investment performance
to client flows

Demand for IG strategies
continues, particularly
from European and
Asian clients
Intermediary retail AUM
impacted by recent
market cycle, but stable
at 4% of Group AuM.

Potential constraints on
longer-term growth such
as competition
Long-term investment
performance

Local

Mobilise Emerging
Markets capital

industry AUM in
Emerging Markets is
growing twice as fast as
the developed world
This presents a
significant growth
opportunity in local asset
management platforms,
as well as cross-border
Emerging Markets
opportunities over the
longer term

The local platforms
delivered a solid
performance with

7% growth in AuM
AuM sourced from
clients domiciled in
Emerging Markets
increased from 33% to
37% of Group AuM

Managing the
development of local
asset management
platforms in Emerging
Markets,

Ashmore Group ple Annual Report and Accounts 2024

5

uode, oBerens.

BOURUIBADD

SUBUIBIEIS |eOUEUI

’ CEO review

Consistent, specialist
approach across market cycles

Emerging Markets are delivering positive investment returns,

supported by resilient economic

fundamentals, and Ashmore is delivering outperformance for clients across a broad range of
strategies. This favourable backdrop means the Group is well-positioned to benefit from higher capital
flows to Emerging Markets as investor risk appetite increases.

Emerging Markets assets have generally performed well over
the past year, supported by attractive valuations, ongoing
reforms in many countries, positive credit rating changes and
the delivery of superior economic growth. As desoribed in the
Market review, fixed income indices have outperformed their
developed world counterparts, and while equity returns are
positive, they were held back by weaker performance in China.

Notwithstanding the returns delivered by Emerging Markets in
the period, extending the recovery from significantly oversold
levels that began in late 2022, there has not yet been a
meaningful shift in investor allocations to deliver net inflows

to the asset classes. This is in contrast to previous cycles

when a prolonged period of strong asset class performance,
and outperformance, has delivered capital flows. The cautious
approach by some investors reflects a combination of a rapid
shift from a lengthy period of low interest rates to more normal
levels in response to higher inflation, ongoing geopolitical issues,
and uncertainty with respect to major elections, notably in the
US. Greater clarnty around these factors will increase risk
appetite and the Emerging Markets should be beneficiaries of
the resultant capital flows.

Ashmore’s investment processes have delivered outperformance
for clients across a broad range of investment themes.
Approximately 60% of AuM is outperforming over three and
five years, which includes the challenging market conditions of
late 2021 and early 2022, and the delivery of future performance
's supported by the resilient underlying economic conditions

in emerging countries, together with the attractive valuations
and inherent upside reflected in portfolios. The reduction n
autpertormance over one year to 40% is attributable to modest
underperformance in a number of local currency mandates

6 Ashmore Group ple Annual Report and Accounts 2024

oe

Ashmore’s business model is designed
to be effective over the full market cycle,
to support the delivery of performance
for clients and returns to shareholders
as Ashmore executes its long-term
growth strategy.

A lower level of redemptions means that the Group's net flows
improved compared with the prior year, albeit they remain
negative in line with the industry. Encouragingly, there 1s
increasing evidence of sales momentum bullding with chent
interest in a range of investment strategies, although as noted
above the conversion to actual flows is likely to require
continued improvement in the global macro environment

From a reported financial perspective, Ashmore has performed
satisfactorily this year as reflected in the 15% mcrease in profit
before tax to £128 million and a 12% rise in diluted EPS to 13.6
pence per share However, from an operating perspective, the
performance is influenced by the 10% lower level of average
AuM and higher total operating costs. The main contributor to
the increase in total operating costs is a higher VC charge at this
point in the cycle, reflecting the delivery of a meaningful
increase in performance fees and strong balance sheet returns.
The resulting adjusted diluted EPS of 10.5 pence per share 1s
17% lower than in the prior year. The Board has recommended
an unchanged final ordinary dividend per share.

Further progress against long-term
strategic objectives

Phase 1

The Emerging Markets allocation opportunity is substantial,

as superior economic growth leads to greater representation

in world caprtal markets and investors have to reconsider
underweight positions. While risk aversion has continued for
longer than in previous cycles, the outlook for capital flows 1s
supported by a combination of continued performance by
Emerging Markets, heavily underweight allocations, and a
moderation of some of the macro factors that have reduced risk
appetite, Ashmore is well-positioned to benefit from an increase
in capital flows over the medium term

Phase 2

The Group’s investment in its equities franchise, through both
global and focal operations, has provided meaningful diversification
benefits over the current market cycle. Equities AUM increased
by US$0.5 billion over the year and represents 13% of Group
AuM compared with 11% a year ago. The scale of the equities
opportunity for Ashmore 1s significant.

Another consistent diversification theme is the demand for

IG strategies, notably from investors in Europe and Asia.
Ashmore’s investment performance is strong across external
debt, corporate debt and biended debt |G strategies, which
supports further growth in this increasingly important asset class

Phase 3

The performance of local markets, and the behaviour of
investors within them, continues to deliver growth in local AUM
Ashmore’s local asset management platforms increased AuM
by US$O.5 billion over the 12 months to US$7.5 billion. There
was notably strong growth in Colombia, India and Saudi Arabia,
while the Indonesia asset management industry continues to
work through regulatory changes. Overall, clients domiciied in
the Emerging Markets represent 37% of Group AuM, an increase
from 33% a year ago.

Notably, Ashmore launched 4 single-country equity fund
investing in Qatar and is in the process of establishing additional
on the ground capabilities. Ashmore India launched two
domestically-focused equity funds to capitalise on the exciting
opportunities offered by this large and rapidly growing economy.

Established business model is appropriate for the
whole market cycle

Ashmore’s distinctive business model underpins its abilty to
deliver long-term outperformance for clients and to create value
for shareholders over market cycles.

— Investment performance is delivered by more than 100
investment professionals, with a ‘no star’ culture sustained by
teams operating within IC structures

— The remuneration philosophy has a significant bias to
long-dated equity awards, which provides a strong alignment
of interests between employees and shareholders, maintains
a team-based culture, and delivers low employee turnover

— Non-VC operating costs remain well-controlled
notwithstanding recent inflation pressures. The Group
therefore delivers a level of profitability over the market cycle
that is relatively high compared with its peer group. For
example, the Group has delivered a 41% adjusted EBITDA
margin even after a meaningful downcycle that has seen AUM
fall 50% from US$98 billion to US$49 billion.

— Ashmore's operational architecture is scalable and has
significant capacity to support the expansion of the Group's
profit margin with higher AuM levels.

— The balance sheet remains well-capitalised and liquid, with
approximately £700 million of financial resources including
more than £500 million of cash and deposits

The business model is designed to operate effectively over

the market cycle, and therefore these characteristics will

continue to support the delivery of performance for clients and

returns to shareholders as Ashmore executes its long-term
growth strategy

Ashmore Group ple Annual Report and Accounts 2024-7

Liodas aiBereng

0URUIAADD,

sluawialels j:0ueUl4

CEO review continued

Regulation

The broad extent of the Group's office network, from Colombia
to Tokyo, means it is accountable to numerous regulators and
Ashmore’s business moe! has adapted well to the significant
changes in the regulatory landscape experienced around the
world in recent years. The regulatory requirements of the asset
management industry comtinue to increase, and Ashmore’s
business model will continue to adapt to meet these

changing reguiations.

Employees

While the past year saw the world continue to return to normal
in terms of monetary policies and working practices, it also faced
continued uncertainty in respect of geopolitical risks and the
potential impact of new technologies on many industries
including financial services. | would like to thank all my
colleagues across Ashmore’s offices around the world for their
commitment, professionalism and adherence to high standards
of conduct that underpin the Group's delivery of performance for
its clients and the creation of long-term value for shareholders.

Outlook

Emerging Markets are delivering positive investment returns
and continue to have attractive valuations, both in their own
right and compared with Developed Markets. This is supported
by a resilient economic performance in recent years, and an
expectation of further superior growth as the emerging
countries continue on a long-term convergence path with the
developed world

Investors that have moderated their risk appetite and reduced
allocations to Emerging Markets have missed out on significant
asset class returns over the past 12 to 18 months. However,

at current valuations, with substantially higher yields available in
Emerging Markets than in the developed world, and equities
markets offering Improving growth on low earnings multiples,
there remains an attractive opportunity to capture meaningful
outperformance over the coming years

For capital flows to respond more powerfully to this positive
backdrop requires near-term uncertainties to be resolved in
some investors’ minds. While it is difficult to predict the
outcome of some of the geopolitical issues, factors such as the
phasing of the next Fed rate cycle and the outcome of the US
election will become clear over the coming months Therefore,
as this pent-up demand is unlocked, the pick up in investor
interest in the Emerging Markets asset classes should gather
momentum through the second half of 2024 and into 2025.
Ashmore is delivering investment outperformance for clients
and has a highly-scalable operating platform, which means It 's
well-positioned to benefit from capital flows to Emerging
Markets as investor nisk appetite increases.

Mark Coombs
Chief Executwe Officer

4 September 2024

8 Ashmore Group ple Annual Report and Accounts 2024

“ce

Emerging Markets are delivering positive
investment returns and continue to have
attractive valuations.

Ashmore

Ashmore’s proven
approach

Generating value over market cycles,
full story on page 14

Macroeconomic
resilience in Emerging
Markets

Reflecting lower leverage and effective
monetary policies

Read more on page 10 7 5 +

countries represented in
client portfolios

Local office growth &
diversification explored
on page 16

Investment opportunities
in Emerging Markets

Substantial opportunities in a diverse US$81 trillion universe, page 12

Emerging economies

Macroeconomic resilience
in Emerging Markets

Emerging economies have been extremely resilient in the face of several profound shocks in recent
years, including the COVID-19 pandemic, a spike in inflation and conflicts.

The fundamental reason for £M vs DM

this resilience is the quality GDP growth |
and effectiveness of the policy premium
responses, both monetary and (ex China)
fiscal, across a wide range of
emerging countries and in 2022
contrast to the less rigorous "1 4+1.6%
approach adopted by many | (2.6%)
developed countries | *
Consequently, economic 2028
growth across the Emerging +2.5%
Markets has remained robust | (+1.4%)
and sustained a meaningful aan
premium to the developed ! g02at: |
world. Notwithstanding slower
growth in China, all regions are +2.7%
contributing to this trend and (42.1%)
the premium is expected to
expand over the coming years 2025

| +2.6%

| (42.3%)

Firm control of leverage

Across the world, the fiscal Notably, emerging countries indebtedness back to
response to recent shocks required a lower level of fiscal pre-pandemic levels, whereas
resulted in rising government —_ expansion than developed the developed world has been
debt to GDP levels, the impact countries, and many have much slower to unwind

of which is felt more acutely in subsequently undertaken rapid the stimulus.
& period of higher interest rates. fiscal consolidation to return

Emerging Markets: government gross debt (% GDP)