Ashmore

Accounts 2022

COMPANIES HOUSE

{i ALANA |

Established
Diversified
Local

Contents

Strategic report
CEO review

The Emerging Markets story
Strategy

Business model

Key performance indicators
Established

Market review

Diversified

Investment processes
Investment themes

Local

Business review

Risk management

Section 172 statement
People & culture

TCFD

Sustainability

Governance

Board of Directors

Corporate governance report

Audit and Risk Committee report
Nominations Committee report
Remuneration report

Annual Report on Remuneration
Directors’ Remuneration policy
Statement of Directors’ responsibilities
Directors’ report

Financial statements
Independent auditor's report
Consolidated financial statements
Company financial statements
Notes to the financial statements
Five-year summary

Alternative Performance Measures
Information for shareholders
Glossary *

OAN

o

12
14
20
22
26
28
30
38
46
50
54
68

80
82
90
93
95

“110

119
127
128

134
142
146
149
191
192
195,
197

2022 highlights

AuM

US$64.0bn

2021: US$94.4bn
-32% YoY

AuM outperforming
benchmarks (3 years)

28%

2021: 57%

Net revenue

£262.5m

2021: £291.7m
-10% YoY

More information
For the online version of the Annual Report
and Accounts, other announcements and
details of upcoming events, please visit the
Ashmore Group ple investor relations
website at www.ashmoregroup.com

Adjusted EBITDA
margin

64%

2021: 66%

Profit before tax

£118.4m

2021: £282.5m
-58% YoY

Diluted EPS

12.6p

2021: 34.2p
63% YoY

Dividends per share

16.9p

2021: 16.9p

Ashmore’s strategy and business model are designed to manage through
changing market conditions, maintaining a focus on the long term while
ensuring a resilient performance as the shorter-term cycle evolves.

Front cover: Dubai, United Arab Emirates

Vv

Ashmore’s purpose, as a specialist Emerging Markets investment manager, is to
deliver long-term investment outperformance for clients and generate value for
shareholders through market cycles. In pursuing this purpose, Ashmore aims to ensure
that its culture and working practices recognise its broader set of stakeholders.

For three decades, Ashmore’s strategy has underpinned its objective to capitalise on the long-
term growth trends across Emerging Markets. At the core of its success are three characteristics
that also reflect the nature of Emerging Markets:

Established

Ashmore has been a specialist Emerging Markets investor
for 30 years

Read more on page 12

Diversified

Ashmore’s investment themes and actively-managed
strategies cover the full spectrum of Emerging Markets
liquid and illiquid asset classes

Read more on page 20

Local

Ashmore has established local asset management
Operations to participate fully in Emerging Markets
growth trends

Read more on page 28

Ashmore Group ple Annual Report and Accounts 2022

CEO REVIEW

Consistent focus

Ashmore’s long-term strategy and established business model respond to changing
market conditions, maintaining a focus on the long term opportunity while ensuring resilience
as the shorter-term cycle evolves. These characteristics have mitigated the impact of lower

AuM on the Group’s performance during the year.

The past 12 months have presented a challenging environment,
with the Russian invasion of Ukraine exacerbating geopolitical and
macroeconomic pressures. As a consequence, the Group’s AuM
reduced by 32% to US$64.0 billion, with the majority of the move
attributable to the impact of lower market levels, and a reduction in
risk appetite evident in client flows in the second half of the year.

Focus on strategic Emerging Markets opportunities
The long-term growth opportunities across the Emerging Markets
remain significant and centre on continued superior economic
growth compared with the developed world, delivering rising GDP
per capita and a growing share of global economic activity.

These trends are underpinned by structural reforms that deliver
increasingly robust economic and political fundamentals, and
greater diversity across more than 70 investable countries.
However, the impact of the Russian invasion of Ukraine on global
capital markets and investor sentiment led to broad-based
de-risking during the second half of the financial year, with a
consequent effect on some institutional clients’ Emerging
Markets allocations.

Ashmore’s three-phase strategy aims to capture the benefits of
Emerging Markets growth and diversification for clients and
shareholders. The inevitable market cycles mean that not every
period will see uniform progress across all initiatives, but the Group
maintains a consistent focus on execution to deliver diversification
and so mitigate the impact of weaker sentiment towards

Emerging Markets.

For example, over the past 12 months, the Group's local asset
management operations, established to drive growth and
diversification under the third phase of the strategy, have continued
to develop positively. Collectively, these businesses manage

AuM of US$6.9 billion, which was relatively stable over the year
(30 June 2021: US$7.2 billion}.

Progress in the second phase was mixed. Equities AuM increased
trom 8% to 10% of the Group total and there was a similar
increase in the proportion of assets in IG strategies from 11% to
14%, while the proportion of AuM sourced from intermediary retail
clients declined from 8% to 5% largely due to the challenging
market environment.

21%

Proportion of Group AuM in equities and
investment grade products, increased from
18% over the year in line with Ashmore’s
strategic growth and diversification objectives

2 Ashmore Group ple Annual Report and Accounts 2022

64%

Adjusted EBITDA margin
maintained at a high level
through disciplined

control of operating costs

Notwithstanding the cyclical picture, the investable asset classes
continue to evolve, for example with substantial opportunities available
in investment grade credit, continued growth in specific real asset
themes such as infrastructure and private healthcare, and an
increasing recognition that ESG investing has an important role to play
in the development of emerging economies. Ashmore’s strategy is
well placed to continue to capitalise on these opportunities.

Business model protects margins

Ashmore’s well-capitalised and liquid balance sheet, flexible
operating cost structure and diversified client base and product
range have supported the Group's operating performance despite
the decline in AuM over the period.

Although lower AuM levels led to a 13% fall in adjusted net revenue,
disciplined cost management reduced operating costs by 7%, which
helped to limit the impact on profits to a 16% decline in adjusted
EBITDA and delivered an adjusted EBITDA margin of 64%. On an
adjusted basis, diluted EPS reduced by 20% to 18.7 pence per share.

The impact of weaker markets affected the mark-to-market valuation
of the Group's seed capital investments. Although the seed capital
loss of £49.9 million for the period is unrealised, it was the primary
reason for the 58% fall in statutory profit before tax to £118.4 million.

The Board recognises the importance of the dividend to all
shareholders. While it is mindful of the lower level of statutory
profits this year, it also recognises the unrealised nature of the
seed capital loss and has undiminished confidence in the long-term
growth opportunity. The Group also generated cash flows before
dividends of more than £200 million in the year and the Board has
therefore recommended an unchanged final dividend.

Investment performance reflects continued
challenging markets

There have been several shocks to global capital markets over the
past two years, with the Ukraine war in 2022 exacerbating some of
the macroeconomic headwinds such as high inflation and monetary
policy tightening by central banks. Ashmore's approach of
selectively adding risk in such environments, combined with the
absence to date of a sustained market recovery, is reflected in

the Group's overall relative investment performance with the
proportion of AuM outperforming over one, three and five years

at 45%, 28% and 48%, respectively.

49%

Targeted minimum reduction
in portfolio carbon emissions
by 2030, under the NZAMI
framework

Spotlight on Ashmore Colombia
Established

Ashmore Colombia was established in 2010 and
has had a successful history of raising long-term
private equity and senior debt capital to invest in
domestic and regional infrastructure projects.
The business added real estate capabilities in
2018 and also invests in public equities, which
grew 15% YoY. The investment teams have
well-established ESG processes.

Over the past 12 months, Ashmore Colombia
has successfully raised more than US$200
million into its third private equity infrastructure
fund and it has clear opportunities to raise
further capital into infrastructure and real
estate funds.

Local

In common with Ashmore’s other local asset
management platforms, Ashmore Colombia‘s
48 employees are from the local market and

Diversified

US$1.4bn

The client base has diversified over time,
from local pension funds and other domestic

are incentivised in line with the Group's
philosophy that rewards performance and
instils a strong team-based culture through
equity ownership.

institutional investors to include Ashmore's

Ashmore Colombia

international clients seeking attractive long-term

AuM returns from private and public markets in

the region.

This picture is typical for Ashmore’s investment processes
following periods of weak and volatile markets.

Outperformance has been delivered in strategies such as local
currency bonds, all cap equity and investment grade products
across fixed income, but strategies that have exposure to high yield
markets have underperformed.

Importantly, history shows that, after a period of market
dislocation, the subsequent recovery returns and outperformance
delivered by Ashmore’s investment processes have been
substantial and delivered over an extended period of time. Indeed,
this recovery profile had begun in mid 2020 after the initial impact
of COVID-19 on markets but was then curtailed by higher inflation,
actual or expected tighter monetary policy, and the impact of
regulatory tightening in China. When Russia invaded Ukraine, the
worldwide impact on inflation and rates expectations resulted in
another challenging period for risk assets globally. To put the recent
market environment in historical context, the 20% decline in the
external debt index in the first half of 2022 represents the index's
worst start to a year since 1995.

Exceptional valuations

These market conditions have left valuations across Emerging
Markets at exceptionally attractive levels. Current asset prices
heavily discount the known risks surrounding inflation, global rates,
economic growth and, on probable scenarios, geopolitical issues.
For example, external debt spreads are as wide as they were in
2008 and early 2020; equities trade at the widest discount to the
US market in nearly 20 years; and local currency bonds offer a

real yield premium of approximately 500bps to developed world
bond markets.

Beyond the simple index valuations, the highly diverse asset
classes provide significant investment opportunities to deliver
attractive returns and outperformance as sentiment and risk
appetite improve. In previous cycles, experienced clients have
moved early to capture the full extent of recovery returns available,
and prevailing valuations support a repeat of this pattern of
behaviour in the current cycle.

Focus on the importance of ESG

Ashmore has long understood the importance of ESG
considerations when investing in developing countries. It has
integrated the consideration of ESG factors into its investment
processes and, this year, made further significant progress in its
sustainability activities through participation in industry initiatives.

For example, in July 2021, Ashmore joined NZAMI and recently
published its interim targets; it joined a second collaborative
engagement through Climate Action 100+; and it has reported its
approach to climate-related risks and opportunities in line with the
TCFD recommendations and as required by the UK FCA.
Furthermore, via The Ashmore Foundation, the Group has supported
activities that will offset its FY2020/21 greenhouse gas emissions.

In the coming year, the Group's incremental focus is on complying
with TCFD recommendations as they apply to investment
managers, and continuing to enhance the reporting of portfolio
GHG emissions to clients.

Culture and diversity

A significant development during the year was the return to offices
for most employees following the removal of restrictions imposed
by governments in response to the COVID-19 pandemic. The office
environment is optimal for Ashmore’s team-based culture, and
provides for efficient and productive working practices. However,
recognising the benefits it can bring, Ashmore provides a degree of
flexibility for employees to work remotely.

This year, Ashmore launched a graduate recruitment programme
that will support an increase in employee diversity over time.

| would like to thank all my colleagues for their commitment and hard
work in striving to deliver for our clients, shareholders and other
stakeholders, in the face of the challenges of the past couple of years.

Outlook

The global macro environment still presents some near-term
uncertainty, but Ashmore’s investment approach has been proven
across many different market cycles and facilitates access to the
exceptionally attractive valuations currently available across
Emerging Markets. Risk appetite will improve as some of the
recent macro headwinds abate, supporting a recovery in Emerging
Markets asset prices and higher investor allocations. Together with
Ashmore’s consistent focus on its growth strategy and resilient
business model, this underpins the delivery of long-term value for
Ashmore’s clients, shareholders and employees.

Mark Coombs
Chief Executive Officer

1 September 2022

Ashmore Group ple Annual Report and Accounts 2022 3

THE EMERGING MARKETS STORY

Powerful growth trends

For the past 30 years, the Emerging Markets have experienced powerful economic, political and
social convergence trends with the developed world, that result in superior growth and myriad
investment opportunities. These trends are expected to continue and underpin Ashmore’s
specialist focus and ability to create long-term value for clients and shareholders.

Rising wealth, significant future potential
The rapid increase in GDP per capita across
emerging countries is evidence of the positive
impact of policy reforms, better economic
management and more accountable

political frameworks,

While growth in GDP per capita has exceeded that
delivered by developed countries over the past few
decades, in absolute terms the Emerging Markets
are currently where the developed world was in
1983. This underlines the further significant growth
potential in these markets.

Dominant share of world resources
The growth potential is further supported by the
Emerging Markets’ dominant share of important
macroeconomic factors, including:

- 58% share of world GDP (PPP basis);

- nearly US$10 trillion of foreign exchange reserves,
representing 72% of the world total; and

— 84% of the world’s population lives in an
emerging country.

These factors are underrepresented in the main
fixed income indices, with Emerging Markets’
aggregate weight of between 10% and 30%, albeit
these weights are rising over time.

More significantly, developed world investors remain
heavily underweight the Emerging Markets, with
typically an allocation of below 10%. Over time, as
the emerging world continues to deliver superior
growth and investors’ misperceptions are
challenged, these allocations will increase to more
representative levels.

Geopolitical risk and

portfolio diversification

The large, diverse set of emerging countries has
distinct advantages in the face of an uncertain
geopolitical outlook. Many offer a ‘neutral’ position
rather than contributing to tension, they have
resilient local currency funding, and increasingly

GDP/capita CAGR
2000-2021 (vs +3% in
developed world)

+5% 58%

Share of world GDP

significant trade between emerging countries and
regions means that historical trading relationships
can be revised to reflect the changing world

The appropriate way to deal with geopolitical
challenges is to ensure portfolio diversification, and
the established, highly diversified Emerging Markets
with significant local currency funding can provide
attractive opportunities for investors.

inefficiencies provide opportunities

There remain substantial inefficiencies in the
Emerging Markets, compounded by investors’
misperceptions or inherent biases. This provides
specialist, active investment managers with
opportunities to deliver outperformance by investing
through market cycles and taking advantage of
periods of market dislocation when these
inefficiencies are greatest.

GDP per capita

Source: IMF, World Economic Outlook Database, April 2022
Purchasing power parity; international dollars

Proportion of world
population living in an
emerging country

84%

Emerging Markets
weight in global indices

10% to 30%

4 Ashmore Group ple Annual Report and Accounts 2022

Ashmore’s specialist Emerging Markets focus

Specialist, active management
delivering long-term
investment performance

Ashmore’s active investment
processes have delivered
long-term investment
outperformance for clients over
nearly three decades. This drives
growth in AuM, revenues and
profits over the longer term.

Strong alignment of interests

The alignment of interests
between employees, clients and
shareholders is critical in a cyclical
business. Ashmore achieves this
through its team-based approach
to investment management

and a remuneration philosophy
that places an emphasis on
performance-related pay with

a significant bias to long-dated
equity awards and that delivers
meaningful employee

equity ownership.

Sheikh Zayed Grand Mosque Center, Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates

Ashmore Group ple Annual Report and Accounts 2022

Resilience through
market cycles

The salient characteristics of
Ashmore's business model have
been sustained through bull and
bear markets, demonstrating
resilience when confronted

with more challenging

market conditions.

5

STRATEGY

A consistent strategy

Ashmore’s strategy is aligned with its purpose and the significant growth
opportunity available across the broad range of Emerging Markets asset
classes. The three distinct phases are focused on growing and diversifying
Ashmore’'s business and creating value for clients and shareholders

Establish Emerging Markets

asset classes

Ashmore is recognised as an established
specialist Emerging Markets manager, and
is therefore well positioned to capture
investors’ rising allocations

Read more on page 12

Established

Diversify investment themes and
developed world capital sources
Ashmore is diversifying its revenue mix to
provide greater revenue stability through
the cycle. There is particular focus on
growing intermediary retail, equity and
alternatives AUM.

Read more on page 20

jiversified

Di

Mobilise Emerging Markets capital
Ashmore’s growth is enhanced through
accessing rapidly growing pools of
investable capital in Emerging Markets

Local

Read more on page 28

Dubai, United Arab Emirates

6 Ashmore Group ple Annual Report and Accounts 2022

Opportunity

- Developed world investors hold
more than US$100 trillion of
assets and yet are profoundly
underweight Emerging Markets:
target allocations are less than
10% compared with global
benchmark weights of
approximately 10% to 30%

- The Emerging Markets
investment universe continues to
grow and diversify, and Ashmore
Strives to’be at the forefront of
accessing new market
opportunities as they arise
Diversifying revenue streams
provides greater stability through
the cycle

Industry AuM in Emerging
Markets is growing twice as

fast as the developed world

This presents a significant
growth opportunity in local

asset management platforms,

as well as cross-border Emerging
Markets opportunities over

the longer term

Read more on page 14

Progress in 2022

- The Emerging Markets allocation
opportunity remains substantial,
but challenging market conditions,
particularly following Russia's invasion
of Ukraine in February 2022, meant that
investors globally sought to reduce risk

Ashmore's equity business is growing
in importance, increasing its share of
AuM from 8% to 10% over the year
The fixed income business continues to
diversify, for example with investment
grade products increasing from 11% to
14% of total fixed income AuM

Broad market risk aversion, particularly in
the second half, led to intermediary retail
AuM falling from 8% to 5% of AuM

The local platforms proved resilient,
with aggregate AuM falling by only 3%
Ashmore Colombia raised a third private
equity fund and continues to target
additional capital to invest in real assets
- AuM sourced from Emerging Markets-
domiciled clients increased from 26%
to 27% over the year

Read more on page 30

Potential sources of risk

- Sentiment towards, and
fundamental performance
of, Emerging Markets

- Long-term investment
performance

— Potential constraints on
longer-term growth such
as competition

— Long-term investment
performance

Managing the
development of local
asset management
platforms in
Emerging Markets

Read more on page 38

Ashmore Group ple Annual Report and Accounts 2022

BUSINESS MODEL

Supporting growth

Ashmore’s business model supports its growth strategy and is designed to create value for
the Group’s stakeholders through market cycles. The model converts the structural growth
opportunities in Emerging Markets to deliver positive outcomes for Ashmore'’s clients,

shareholders and employees as well as recognising Ashmore’s responsibilities to a broader

set of stakeholders including society.

Structural growth opportunities

High-return, diversified range Powerful political, social and
of Emerging Markets economic convergence trends
asset classes

Delivering value through the cycle

Strong long-term investment Consistent investment process

performance for clients followed since 1992

Interests aligned through employee Variable remuneration biased

equity ownership towards long-dated equity awards

Value for shareholders 64% adjusted Strong cash
EBITDA margin generation

8 Ashmore Group ple Annual Report and Accounts 2022

Investor allocations have to
increase significantly to match
global index weights

Significant alpha delivered
through market cycles

Employee equity ownership is
approximately 40%

Progressive
dividend policy

Jakarta, Indonesia

Ashmore Group ple Annual Report and Accounts 2022 9

KEY PERFORMANCE INDICATORS

Measuring performance

Performance
measure

Assets under management

The movement between opening and
closing AuM provides an indication of
the overall success of the business
during the period, in terms of
subscriptions, redemptions and
investment performance

The average AuM level during the
period, combined with the average fee
margins achieved, determines the
Group's management fee revenues.

Investment performance

The proportion of relevant AuM that is
outperforming benchmarks on a gross basis,
over one year, three years and five years.
The gross basis reflects the largely
institutional nature of the client base,
typically with the ability to agree bespoke
fee arrangements. Funds without a
performance benchmark, for example
overlay strategies, are excluded.

Relevance to
strategy and
remuneration

Ashmore’s strategy seeks to capitalise
on the growth trends across Emerging
Markets, which should manifest itself
in AuM growth over time.

Growth in AuM is a vesting
performance condition for
Executive Directors.

Ashmore’s success is dependent on
delivering investment performance
consistent with clients’ objectives, who
typically look at performance over the
medium to long term.

Investment performance is a
vesting performance condition for
Executive Directors.

Five-year trend

Assets under management

US$64.0bn

2021: US$94.4bn

Lotus Temple, New Delhi, India

10

Ashmore Group ple Annual Report and Accounts 2022

Investment performance
{AuM outperforming over three years)

28%

2021: 57%