Ashmore

EQUITIES
PEOPLE
INVESTED IN ASHMORE
LOCAL
ESG —
DIVERSITY

*AAINBFIR®

COMPANIES HOUSE

Contents

Strategic report
Strategy

Business model
Investment processes
Invested in equities
Culture

Invested in people

Chief Executive's review
KPls

Invested locally

Market review

Invested in diversity
Investment themes
Business review

Risk management
Section 172 statement
Climate risks and opportunities
Invested in ESG
Sustainability

Governance

Board of Directors

Corporate governance report

Audit and Risk Committee report
Nominations Committee report
Remuneration report

Directors’ Remuneration policy

Annual Report on Remuneration
Statement of Directors’ Responsibilities
Directors’ report

Financial statements
Independent auditor's report
Consolidated financial statements
Company financial statements
Notes to the financial statements
Five-year summary

Information for shareholders

124
131
135
138
179
180

2021 highlights

Assets under
management (AuM)

US$94.4bn

2020: US$83.6bn
+13% YoY

AuM outperforming
benchmarks (3 years)

57%

2020: 17%

Net revenue

£291.7m

2020: £330.5m
-12% YoY

For the online version of the Annual Report,
other announcements and details of
upcoming events, please visit the Investor
Relations section of the Ashmore Group ple
website at www.ashmoregroup.com

More information
Non-GAAP alternative performance
measures are described on page 35.
Five-year comparatives for other alternative
performance measures are inciuded in the
five-year summary on page 173.

Adjusted EBITDA
margin

66%

2020: 68%

Profit before tax

£282.5m

2020: £221.5m
+28% YoY

Diluted EPS

34.2p

2020: 25.7p
+33% YoY

Dividends per share

16.9p

2020: 16.9p

Ashmore’s purpose, as a specialist Emerging Markets investment
manager, is to deliver long-term investment outperformance for clients
and generate value for shareholders through market cycles. In pursuing
these objectives, Ashmore aims to ensure that its culture and working
practices recognise its broader set of stakeholders.

Find more information on how Ashmore’s purpose aligns with and benefits its
stakeholders in the Section 172 statement on page 42.

EQUITIES

PEOPLE
INVESTED IN ASHMORE

LOCAL

| ESG
DIVERSITY

Ashmore's specialist approach to investing allows it to take full advantage of the substantial long-term
growth opportunities across the large and diverse Emerging Markets asset classes.

Invested Invested Invested Invested Invested
in equities in people locally in diversity in ESG
page 9 page 11 page 18 page 24 page 50

Ashmore Group ple Annual Report and Accounts 2021

1

41Y0d3¥ DIDSLVYLS

B3ONVNY3AOD

SLN3W3LVIS TWIDNVNId

STRATEGY

A STRATEGY FOR
GROWTH

Ashmore’s strategy is aligned with the significant growth opportunities available across
the broad range of Emerging Markets asset classes. Consistent with the Group's purpose,
the three distinct phases are focused on growing and diversifying Ashmore’s business and
creating value for clients and shareholders.

Ashmore is recognised as an established specialist Emerging
Markets manager, and is therefore well positioned to capture
investors’ rising allocations

1 Establish Emerging Markets asset classes

Diversify investment themes and
developed world capital sources
Ashmore is diversifying its revenue mix to provide greater

revenue stability through market cycles. There is particular focus
on growing intermediary retail, equity and alternatives AUM

Ashmore’s growth is enhanced through accessing rapidly
growing pools of investable capital in Emerging Markets

3 Mobilise Emerging Markets capital

2 Ashmore Group ple Annual Report and Accounts 2021

Opportunity

Progress in 2021

ial sources of risk

= Developed world investors hold more
than US$80 trillion of assets and are
profoundly underweight Emerging
Markets: target allocations are less
than 10% compared with global
benchmark weights of approximately
10% to 30%

— The Emerging Markets investment
universe continues to grow and
diversify, and Ashmore strives to be at
the forefront of accessing new market
opportunities as they arise

— Diversifying revenue streams provides
greater stability through the cycle

— Industry AuM in Emerging Markets
is growing twice as fast as the
developed world

~ This presents a significant growth
opportunity in local asset management
platforms, as well as cross-border
Emerging Markets opportunities over
the longer term

See pages 19-27 for Ashmore’
market and investment themes review

- As global markets recover from the
COVID-19 pandemic, Ashmore’s
clients are reverting to their long-term
‘trend of raising allocations to
Emerging Markets

Approximately 80% of institutional net
flows were from existing clients
increasing allocations within existing
mandates or broadening their
Emerging Markets investments

There is good momentum in
Ashmore’s equities business, with
AuM growth of 61% YoY and
including net inflows of US$O.9 billion
Ashmore expanded its dedicated ESG
fund range with the launch of
sovereign and corporate funds

Risk aversion resulted in proportion of
AuM sourced through intermediary
retail channels dropping from 11%

10 8%

Local asset management operations
account for US$7.2 billion, 8% of the
Group's total AuM

— More than a quarter (26%) of Group
AuM is sourced from clients in the
Emerging Markets

See pages 28-35 for Ashmore’s

— Sentiment towards, and fundamental
performance of, Emerging Markets
— Long-term investment performance

= Potential constraints on
longer-term growth such
as competition

— Managing the development of
local asset management platforms
in Emerging Markets

See pages 36-41 for Ashmore’

business review

principal risks

Ashmore Group ple Annual Report and Accounts 2021

3ONVNY3AOD 1¥Od]Y DIDILVYLS

SLNBWALVLS TVIONVNId

BUSINESS MODEL

A DISTINCTIVE
BUSINESS MODEL
TO SUPPORT GROWTH

Ashmore’s business model supports its growth
strategy and is designed to create value for the Group's
stakeholders through market cycles.

The model converts the structural growth opportunities
in Emerging Markets to deliver positive outcomes for
Ashmore's clients, shareholders and employees as
well as recognising Ashmore's responsibilities toa
broader set of stakeholders including society.

See pages 42 to 45 for Ashmore’s
Section 172 statement

Specialist, active management delivering
long-term investment performance

Ashmore’s established investment processes have
delivered long-term investment outperformance for
clients over nearly three decades. This drives growth in
AuM, revenues and profits over the longer term.

See pages 6 to 9 for Ashmore's investment processes

Strong alignment of interests and significant
cost flexibility

The alignment of interests between employees,
clients and shareholders is critical. This is primarily
achieved by the team-based approach to investment
management and a remuneration philosophy that
places an emphasis on performance-related pay with a
significant bias to long-dated equity awards and that
delivers meaningful employee equity ownership. When
combined with a low fixed operating cost model and
continued cost discipline, this provides significant
flexibility in the Group's cost base to enable it to
respond to changes in the revenue environment.

Long-term value creation for shareholders

The delivery of investment performance for clients
results in diversified AuM growth, which the business
model translates efficiently into financial performance
and long-term value creation for shareholders.

Resilience through market cycles

The salient characteristics of the model have been
sustained through bull and bear markets,
demonstrating resilience and protecting shareholder
returns when confronted with more challenging market
conditions. In particular:

~ The Group's balance sheet is well-capitalised and
liquid with financial resources of more than £750
million, which is more than £600 million in excess of
the Group's Pillar I regulatory capital requirement
and includes around £450 million of cash. Ashmore
has no debt. This not only provides resilience but
also enables continued investment, for example in
the seed capital programme.

— The Remuneration Policy underpins a highly flexible
cost base that delivers a high operating margin and
protects returns for shareholders through
market cycles

See pages 28 to 35 for Ashmore’s business review

4 Ashmore Group ple Annual Report and Accounts 2021

High-return, diversified range
of Emerging Markets

Structural growth opportunities

Powerful political, social and
economic convergence trends

Significant increase in investor
allocations to match global index

asset classes weights
e
4
2
3
2.
=
=
®
Qe,
tines: a
© business model characte
Creating value through the cycle
Strong long-term investment Consistent investment philosophy Significant alpha delivered

performance for clients

followed since 1992

through market cycles

Interests aligned through Variable remuneration biased Employee equity ownership is
employee equity ownership towards long-dated equity awards approximately 40%
Value for shareholders 66% adjusted Strong cash Progressive

EBITDA margin

generation dividend policy

Ashmore Group ple Annual Report and Accounts 2021

5

A1YOd3Y DIDBLVYLS

3INVNY3A0D

SLN3W3LVLS WIDNVNId

INVESTMENT PROCESSES

A CONSISTENT
INVESTMENT APPROACH

Ashmore’s investing philosophy has been implemented
consistently since the Group launched its first fund in
October 1992. There are defining characteristics that
are applied across asset classes as well as specific
principles that recognise the key differences between,
for example, investing successfully in the fixed income
and equity markets.

Investment committees

At the core of the philosophy in each asset class is 2
committee-based approach to managing client
portfolios. This provides a highly institutionalised,
‘team-based framework that seeks to reduce as far as
possible the key man risk inherently present in active
investment management, and results in a ‘no star’
culture in which no individual is single-handedly
responsible for investment decisions.

Inefficient asset classes

The Emerging Markets fixed income and equity asset
classes are large and diversified, as described in the
Market review, but also inefficient. This manifests itself
in relatively low index representation and volatility in
security prices that can be heavily influenced over short
time periods by factors other than underlying
economic, political and company fundamentals.
Consequently, Ashmore actively manages portfolios to
exploit these inefficiencies and to generate long-term
outperformance for clients.

Proprietary research

Ashmore’s long history of specialising in Emerging
Markets and its extensive network of relationships
means that proprietary research is an important source
of investment ideas. These insights are shared across
asset classes, but importantly there is no ‘house view’
that has to be followed by the investment teams when
constructing portfolios. Additionally, Ashmore’s focal

office investment teams in countries such as Colombia,

Saudi Arabia, India and Indonesia also collaborate with
the global investment committees and can provide
valuable ‘on the ground’ insights as well as benefiting
from global macro views to assist in their own
independent investment processes.

Active management

In Emerging Markets, significant long-term alpha can
be delivered through active management and the
expression of high conviction ideas in portfolios.

The poor index representation of fixed income and
equity markets means that alpha can be generated
both through active risk against benchmark weights,
and through investing in off-benchmark securities.
The latter does not necessarily mean instruments
are less liquid or have significantly different risk
characteristics, it simply means that they do not
conform to the strict eligibility criteria of the benchmark
index provider.

78

Emerging Markets
countries
represented

in portfolios

6

Local platforms

Ashmore’s Emerging Markets investments and worldwide network

Map
removed

6 Ashmore Group ple Annual Report and Accounts 2021

Focus on liquidity

Ashmore has a risk-aware culture and this is especially
important in the assessment and management of
liquidity within portfolios. As such, the understanding
of market liquidity has always been and remains central
to the investment processes, since the investment
teams must decide on and record specific securities to
trade and seek to execute any portfolio changes
expeditiously. In addition to pre and post-trade
compliance oversight, the investment committee
reviews execution outcomes to ensure that they
comply with the agreed decisions.

To support the management of market liquidity, the
Group's global operating hubs in New York, London
and Singapore provide round-the-clock trading capabilities
and Ashmore has strong, well-established counterparty
trading relationships formed over nearly three decades
of specialist investing in Emerging Markets.

Importantly, given that the majority of Emerging
Markets securities are issued, owned and traded
locally, these relationships include local brokers as
well as global investment banks. Hence, as liquidity
increasingly moves to local trading venues within the
Emerging Markets, Ashmore’s portfolio managers are
well positioned to source liquidity when executing
committee decisions.

Global and local investment teams
‘Ashmore’s common investing philosophy underpins
independent decisions taken by its various investment
committees. Fixed income and equity investment
committees oversee the management of global client
portfolios, and local asset management platforms
invest in local and regional markets on behalf of
domestic and global clients.

There is collaboration and sharing of information
between the global and local investment teams.
There is no ‘house view’ and each team makes its
own independent investment decisions.

ESG integration

Ashmore recognises that non-financial factors can play
an important part in ensuring sustainable growth and in
building a robust and comprehensive understanding of
an issuer, whether corporate or sovereign. Therefore,
as a specialist Emerging Markets manager, Ashmore has
always considered environmental, social and governance
factors in its investment analysis. Ashmore has ESG
factors integrated into all of its investment processes,
covering the fixed income, equity and alternatives
asset classes.

Similar to its credit and equity analysis, Ashmore uses
a variety of proprietary and third-party tools and data
sets to assist in its understanding of ESG risks and
opportunities, and how these are reflected in market
prices and fair values of securities.

A specialist,
active approach
to Emerging Markets

Active
management

Consistent delivery of long-term
outperformance

Ashmore launched its first fund, EMLIP, in October 1992
and consistent implementation of the philosophy
described on these pages has successfully captured
the benefits of Emerging Markets growth and managed
the portfolio through periods of market dislocation.

Since its inception, EMLIP has delivered annualised
net returns of +12.8%, comfortably exceeding returns
‘from its benchmark index (+9.7%).

This illustrates not only the superior long-term returns
available in Emerging Markets, but also the importance
of specialist, active asset management.

Proprietary
research

Bottom up:

- credit/value
+ equity/quality

growth

99

Investment
professionals

34

Global fixed
income team

Global equity
team

31

Local asset
management

and alternatives

teams

Ashmore Group ple Annual Report and Accounts 2021

7

BONVNY3A0D, 180d3¥ DIDILVYLS

SLN3WALVLS TVIDNYNId

INVESTMENT PROCESS (CONTINUED)

Fixed income investment process
Ashmore's fixed income investment committee
oversees the management of global client portfolios Fixed income
within the external debt, local currency, corporate debt Equity Ic

and blended debt themes. Ic Global macro and

The committee comprises the Chairman, the Head of | asset allocation
Research, the relevant fixed income and multi-asset
desk heads, and representatives from trading and
risk management.

The committee meets weekly and follows an
established process, to discuss and analyse the global
macro environment, to update individual country and
company credit views, and to assess other relevant risk
factors including those relating to ESG.

Alongside the relevant asset class investment teams,

the committee oversees model portfolio construction — —

and changes to portfolio holdings. It also assesses the ~ External debt ~ Blended debt
relative risks/rewards across investment themes in = Local currency

order to determine the appropriate positioning of .
blended debt strategies. Corporate debt

Local
offices and
Alternatives

Collaboration Collaboration

Investment teams

(sub ICs) Allocation

Ashmore’s value-driven active management approach
employs a combination of macro top-down views and
rigorous bottom-up credit analysis with a focus on

determining an issuer's ability and willingness to pay.

ESG integration

Portfolio managers have geographic responsibilities

that guide their research focus, which includes
meetings with government officials, central banks,
regulators, company management and other contacts Equity

within Ashmore’s established network. ixed Ic Local
While COVID-19 has temporarily restricted travel, the Income #1 Governance and | *7?| cices and
breadth and depth of Ashmore’s relationships means | | risk management femnatives

that the research process continues through virtual |
methods such as video conferences.

In all themes, scenario planning plays an important part Collaboration Collaboration
in assessing what is priced in to a security, and therefore
being able to identity cases where market prices have

diverged from underlying fundamentals.
The committee and its investment theme

Investment teams
{sub ICs)

sub-committees have the flexibility to analyse, ——S—
discuss and act upon market developments between
the formal weekly meetings. = AllCap = Active - Frontier - Multi-asset

The combination of inefficient asset classes and a
specialist approach to value-based active management
means that Ashmore's fixed income investment Shared research framework
process is able to deliver significant long-term
outperformance for clients, albeit with the potential for
shorter-term periods of underperformance typically ESG integration
when markets have become dislocated and the
greatest investment opportunities can

present themselves.

8 Ashmore Group ple Annual Report and Accounts 2021

INVESTED
IN EQUITIES

Ashmore’s equity investment process follows the same philosophy
and committee-based approach to active portfolio management as
the fixed income process, yet is implemented independently.

Comprehensive coverage

Ashmore’s equity strategies share common
underlying principles. This includes the belief that
Emerging and Frontier Markets are inefficient
and provide strong potential for significant

alpha generation through high conviction

active management.

Ashmore’s investment universes are
unconstrained by indices and liquidity
assessment is integral to both portfolio
performance and risk management. Significant
and sustained portfolio returns can be generated
by a combination of both fundamental ‘top down’
and ‘bottom up’ research and decision making.

Committee-based approach

The global Emerging Markets equity strategies
are managed by sub-committees for All Cap
equity, Frontier Markets equity, Multi-asset and
Active equity, in the same way that the fixed
income teams operate in investment theme
sub-committees. Governance and oversight is
provided by the equity investment committee,
which comprises the Chairman, the senior
portfolio managers responsible for the equity
sub-themes, and representatives from trading
and risk management.

Shared research framework

There is a shared research framework that
ensures efficient and consistent analysis of
opportunities, and insights are available from the
fixed income and local office teams, although
importantly there is no prescribed house view.

ESG fully integrated

The research is fundamental and primarily
proprietary in nature, and includes the explicit
integration of ESG factors into the bottom-up
company analysis. Ashmore's equity investment
professionals typically have geographic research
responsibilities and draw upon a variety of
internal and external sources to generate
investment ideas.

Strong investment performance and
consistent flows

The equity investment teams have delivered
strong outperformance across all strategies,
with gross annualised alpha of between 0.7%
and 9.1% over the past three years.

This has led to decent AuM growth through a
combination of investment outperformance and,
notwithstanding market volatility, net inflows to
equity products for eight consecutive quarters.

Growth in equity AuM (US$bn)

Over the past three years, Ashmore has delivered equity AuM
growth of US$3.2bn, or 76%, through strong investment

performance (+US$1.2bn) and net inflows (US$2.0bn)

Chart
removed

Ashmore Group ple Annual Report and Accounts 2021 9

3ONVNY3A0D 1YOdaY DIDILVULS

SLN3WALVLS WIONVNIS

CULTURE

UNDERSTANDING
ASHMORE’S TEAM-
BASED CULTURE

Ashmore has a distinctive team-based culture that has been preserved

over the Group’s history, as it has grown from being a predominantly
London-based firm with a relatively small number of employees 15 years ago,
to having more than 300 employees in 11 offices worldwide today.

Defining and maintaining culture

Culture is ultimately a reflection of common beliefs
and behaviours, and therefore is of utmost importance
in a firm whose employees are one of its key assets.
Ashmore's distinctive team-based culture is evident
across the firm and instilled and maintained by factors
‘such as the Group's performance-based remuneration
philosophy with an emphasis on long-term equity
‘ownership, a robust compliance and risk management
framework, and a clear ‘tone from the top’ imparted by
the Board of Directors and senior executives.

Ashmore's culture is appropriate for a specialist asset
management firm operating in distinctive markets with
significant long-term growth potential. Importantly, the
culture aligns the interests of employees, clients,
shareholders and other stakeholders over the longer
term; it supports and reinforces the principal features
of the business model; and it underpins the
achievement of the Group's strategic objectives.

Ashmore has maintained its culture through many
market cycles and significant growth in the firm's
operations, including the establishment of global
operating hubs and distribution offices in New York,
Dublin, Singapore and Tokyo, and also the development
of local asset management operations in Colombia,
Peru, Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates,

India and Indonesia

Importantly, while the local asset management
businesses operate independently in terms of
investment decisions, they share a common team-based
culture with the Group’s global operations. The same
remuneration philosophy is followed in each office
with significant employee ownership of equity in the
local businesses.

Efficient, team-based operations
Ashmore’s management structure is efficient with
a relatively flat hierarchy that minimises bureaucracy
and supports effective decision making with

clear accountability.

The firm's investment committees oversee the
management of client portfolios by investment teams,
which operate with collective responsibility. There is a
‘no star’ fund manager culture, with no individual
responsible for a discrete fund, which reduces key
man risk and instils appropriate behaviour with
committee oversight.

This team-based approach is echoed across Ashmore’s
operations including distribution and support functions,
and its overseas offices. This results in a collegiate,
collaborative, client-focused and mutually-supportive
culture across the whole firm. The lack of individual
profit centres or operational silos, together with a
culture of shared equity ownership for all Group
employees, means that Ashmore’s employees are
Suitably incentivised to collaborate in order to achieve
appropriate outcomes for the business as a whole.

Remuneration philosophy underpins
the culture

Ashmore has a single Remuneration Policy that means
Executive Directors are remunerated in substantially
the same way as all other Group employees. This is an
important factor in preserving a common and
appropriate culture across the firm.

The cap on salaries and capped annual variable
remuneration pool determined with reference to the
firm's profits means that employees’ remuneration is
intrinsically linked to the performance of the business
as a whole. A significant proportion of the variable pay
is in the form of restricted ordinary shares that vest
after five years. This serves to encourage long-term
decision making and provides a strong alignment of
interests between employees, clients, shareholders
and other stakeholders. Accordingly, approximately 40%
of Ashmore’s shares are owned by current employees.

10 Ashmore Group ple Annual Report and Accounts 2021

Ashmore's
Remuneration
Committee is
guided by clear
principles of
discretion and
flexibility,
alignment with
stakeholders,
consistency across
the Group, and pay
for long-term
performance

Find out more
on page 83