Annual Report and Accounts 2023

FRIDAY

17/11/2023 wee
COMPANIES HOUSE

WOOO

Contents

Strategic report
Strong foundations
Ashmore at a glance
Powerful convergence
Business model

CEO review

Specialist understanding
Three-phase strategy

The Emerging Markets story
investment philosophy
Market review

Key performance indicators
Business review

Risk management

Section 172 statement
People & culture
Sustainability

TCFD

Governance

Board of Dwrectors

Corporate governance report

Audit and Risk Committee report
Norminations Committee report
Remuneration report

Directors’ Remuneration policy

Annual Report on Remuneration
Statement of Directors’ responsibilties
Directors’ report

Financial statements
Independent auditor's report
Consolidated financial statements
Company financial statements.
Notes to the financial statements
Five-year summary

Alternative performance measures
Information for shareholders:
Glossary

Front cover - Mount Ama Dablarn, Nepal

62

72
76
78

102
112
113

8
126
130
133
176
176
179
181

2023 highlights

AuM

US$55.9bn

2022: US$64.0bn
-13% YoY

Net revenue

£196.4m

2022: £262 5m
-25% YoY%

Profit before tax

£111.8m

2022: £118.4m
-6% YoY

Dividends per
share

16.9p

2022: 16.9p

AuM outperforming
benchmarks (3 years)

69%

2022: 28%

Adjusted EBITDA
margin

549

2022: 64%

Diluted EPS

12.2p

2022: 12.6p
-4% YoY

Pages 2 to 61 constitute the
Strategic report which was
approved by the Board on

5 September 2023.

Mark Coombs
Chiet Executive Otticer

prember. 2075

Ashmore’s purpose, as a specialist
Emerging Markets investment
manager, is to deliver long-term
investment outperformance for
clients and to generate value for
shareholders over market cycles.

Strong
foundations

Ashmore has managed
investments in
Emerging Markets on
behalf of its clients for
more than 30 years,
and has witnessed the
development of a large,
diversified and highly
attractive investment
universe.

+ Read more on pages 2-3

Powerful

convergence

Emerging Markets are
following powerful and
well-established trends
of economic, political
and social convergence
with the developed
world. These provide
superior growth and
many investment
opportunities.

+ Read more on pages 6-7

Specialist
understanding

The size, scale and
diversity of Emerging
Markets are often
misunderstood and
underappreciated.

This creates investment
opportunities, requiring a
specialist, active approach
to exploit inefficiency
and to deliver long-term
investment performance.

+ Read more on pages 12-13

Strong

foundations...

Ashmore has managed investments in Emerging Markets on behalf of
its clients for more than 30 years, and has witnessed the development
of a large, diversified and highly attractive investment universe.

Emerging Markets represent a highly diverse
set of more than 70 countries, with in excess
of US$75 trillion of tradable equity and fixed
income securities.

One of the most significant developments of
the past few decades is the growth of local
currency markets, allowing governments and
companies to fund in their domestic currency
and providing protection against external
shocks. In total, bonds issued in local
currencies represent 88% (equivalent to
US$34 trillion) of the total Emerging Markets
fixed income investment universe.

The underlying economies have delivered
strong growth over the past three decades,
resulting in emerging nations now generating
more than half of the world’s GDP.

Allocations to Emerging Markets are at levels
significantly below global benchmark weights,
providing for substantial AuM growth as
investors recognise the superior growth,
attractive returns and diverse investment
opportunities available across the asset classes.

Emerging Markets’ rising share of world GDP (%)

Source’ IMF WEO database (PPP basis

ASHMORE AT A GLANCE

Ashmore’s distinctive
characteristics |

..underpin the ability to continue to deliver long-term value
over market cycles for clients and shareholders.

Substantial long-term
opportunities

Emerging Markets are expected to continue to

deliver superior economic growth, underpinned

by powerful convergence trends, a propensity to

reform and structural changes such as a shift to

| local currency funding. This growth profile, and the
consequent investment opportunities, support
Ashmore’s strategic focus on delivering long-term
growth and value for clients and shareholders.

+ Read more on pages 16-17

Emerging Markets consistently deliver superior
GDP growth (%)

Source. IMF WEO database

Three-phase strategy

Ashmore’s strategy is designed to capitalise on the
Emerging Markets growth opportunity, with three
distinct but complementary phases.

First, to raise developed world investors’ allocations
to Emerging Markets from profoundly underweight
levels; second, to diversity Ashmore’s business to
Mitigate the impact of market cycles; and third, to
Participate in the nascent but significant opportunity
to source capital from Emerging Markets’ investors
and deploy this across the broad Emerging Markets
investment universe

Ashmore has made progress in all three phases, but
each has further substantial growth potential that
will allow the Group to continue to deliver value to
chents and shareholders over market cycles

Establish Emerging Markets

asset classes

Ashmore 1s a specialist Emerging Markets
investor with more than 30 years’ experience

investment themes
and sources of capital

Diversified revenue streams help to
mitigate the impact of market cycles.

Mobilise Emerging Markets capital
Ashmore’s growth potential is enhanced
through accessing rapidly growing pools of
investable capital in Emerging Markets

4 Ashmore Group ple Annual Report and Accounts 2023

Consistent investment

philosophy

Ashmore has implemented its investment philosophy —
consistently and successfully since it launched its first 4

fund in October 1992.

Specialist, active investment management enables
Ashmore to exploit inefficiencies in a diverse set of

j Uiauary ~credvale

more than 70 emerging countries. | obsessed  equity/qual
growth

Ashmore has integrated the consideration of ESG factors we

into its investment processes, providing a comprehensive v

and consistent view of risks and opportunities

+ Read more on pages 18-20

Macro} * Proprietary
top-down | | research &ESG |
ation

A specialist,
active approach
to Emerging

Markets

<ctemep\

Highly diversified

Ashmore’s AuM is diversified by investment theme, client type and client geography. Strategic objectives
focus on increasing the proportion of AuM in equities and alternatives themes, and increasing capital sourced
locally in Emerging Markets and through retail intermediaries.

Investment themes (%) Client type (%)

+ Read more on pages 28-34

Client geography (%)

Resilient
& scalable
business model

Designed to operate over market
cycles, delivering long-term
investment performance and
value for shareholders

Ashmore’s business model 1s designed to operate as

‘AUM varies with market cycles, while providing a robust

operating platform to support the Group’s longer-term

strategic growth initiatives. This 1s achieved through

— Investment committees with capacity to manage
substantially higher AuM levels

~ Focus on institutional mandates with retail capital sourced
through intermediaries.

— Cost discipline and flexible remuneration philosophy.
Financial strength represented by a liquid, well-capitalised
balance sheet

+ Read more on pages 8-9

Ashmore Group ple Annual Report and Accounts 2023

1¥9d3¥ DIDaLVULS

3INVNY3AOD

SINAW3LVLS TVIONVNId

Powerful
convergence...

The Emerging Markets are following powerful and well-established
trends of economic, political and social convergence with the developed
world. Over time, these provide superior growth and many investment
opportunities, underpinning outperformance and the creation of value
for investors with appropriate allocations to Emerging Markets.

The end of the Cold War allowed the least
developed countries to pursue policy reforms,
instil better economic management and
improve the quality of institutional decision-
making, while introducing political structures
that provide greater accountability.

This has created a virtuous circle, whereby
capital is attracted to those countries successfully
following the convergence path, allowing for
further investment and beneficial reforms.

While not all countries are following the same
path, an expression of the aggregate impact of
these convergence trends is the consistently
rising wealth of the emerging world, with
growth in GDP per capita significantly
outpacing that in the developed world. Notably,
however, the absolute level (US$14,000) is still
only one-fifth that of the developed world, and
equivalent to the position of the developed
world in 1985, thereby underpinning further
convergence-driven growth in the future.

Within the long-term growth trends, there are
inevitably shorter economic and market cycles.
Ashmore’s investment processes and business
model are designed to manage through such
cycles and to create value for clients and
shareholders over the long term.

GDP per capita

Source’ IMF WEO database

BUSINESS MODEL

Resilience and scalability...

...4fom a consistent
business model

Ashmore’s business model supports its growth strategy and is designed
to create value for the Group’s stakeholders over market cycles.

... through a
distinctive
approach

White pursuing the longer-term strategic
benefits, the following characteristics provide
scalability over market cycles

Specialist focus
on Emerging
Markets...

Active investment management, with ESG
integration

The model capitalises on the Diversified client base

structural growth and investment
opportunities in Emerging
Markets to deliver positive
outcomes for Ashmore’s clients,
shareholders and employees as
well as recognising Ashmore’s
responsibilities to a broader set of
stakeholders including society.

Financial strength
Cost discipline underpinned by flexible
remuneration philosophy

Long-term alignment of interests between
clients, employees & shareholders

8 — Ashmore Group ple Annual Report and Accounts 2023

Resilience & scalability...

Ashmore’s experience of investing in Emerging Markets for more than
30 years means it has a business modei that is designed to cope with
the full market cycle, from peak to trough.

Well-capitalised, liquid balance sheet

Ashmore has £705 million of financial resources, including £468 million
of cash, and no debt.

Investment committees and diverse client base

‘No star’ culture and focus on diversified institutional clients, with retail
capital sourced through intermediaries.

Flexible remuneration philosophy

Ashmore's employees have a salary cap and variable remuneration is
determined by profitability and performance, not formulae.

.delivering value
over the cycle

A proven business model that supports long-term growth objectives while
protecting returns and enabling investment over market cycles.

Clients 69% num outperforming over three years

Consistent implementation of investment
philosophy exploits market inefficiencies to
deliver long-term outperformance.

9,
Employees ~40% employee equity ownership

Alignment of interests delivered through equity-
biased remuneration with five-year deferral period

iti projects supported by
Communities >'75 the ashmore Foundation (see pages 54-56)

Ashmore donates 0.5% of profit before tax to
charities, including The Ashmore Foundation.

Shareholders 54% adjusted EBITDA margin

High operating margin and significant cash
generation (£112 million in FY2023) support returns
to shareholders.

Ashmore Group ple Annual Report and Accounts 20238

140d3¥ DIDBLVHLS

3ONVNH3AOD

SLNAWALVLS TVIONWNIS

CEO REVIEW

Consistent strategy
implementation

With the experience of more than 30 years of specialist investing,
Ashmore’s strategy is to capitalise on the long-term opportunities

in Emerging Markets, and its established business model responds to
the shorter-term impact of market volatility. Ashmore is delivering
outperformance for clients and is well-positioned for an ongoing

recovery in markets.

The past year provided encouraging evidence thet the cyclical
recovery has begun across Emerging Markets, with higher asset
prices, an improving growth outlook, falling inflation and the benefits
of a weaker US dollar. There remains, however, a degree of

caution among some investors. particularly those in the US, given
macroeconomic concerns such as policy tightening by developed
world central banks and conflict or geopolitical tension in Europe
and Asia, Additionally, the largest Emerging Market, China,

needs to navigate the headwinds of lower consumer confidence
and demand following the reopening of its economy.

Against this backdrop, Ashmore has delivered meaningful
outperformance for cients and has continued to execute as long-term
growth strategy, and ifs business model remains appropriate to
manage the impact of market volatlity. As has been experienced
In previous cycles, after a period of challenging market conditions
the Group's financial performance naturally lags the turn in markets
and the delivery of investment outperformance. The Group started
this financial year with AuM of US$64 billion, which was more than
20% below the level of average AuM in the prior financial year and
therefore represented a notable revenue headwind tor the current
year. There was encouraging momentum over the year with chent
activity levels, net flows and investment performance higher in H2
compared with H1. Overall, lower average AUM resulted in 2 35%
YoY decline in adjusted EBITDA, but as a result of lower losses on
the Group's seed capital investments and higher interest earned on
cash balances, profit before tax was 6% lower and diluted EPS fell
by 4%, Consequently, the Board has recommended an unchanged
final ordinary dividend

Undiminished long-term growth and
opportunities in Emerging Markets
Irrespective of events in the short term, the longer-term potential
of Emerging Markets remains undiminished. Superior economic
growth Is expected to continue as a result of powerful convergence
trends with the developed world. These trends are supported by
ongoing reforms, particularly the shift by larger countries to local
currency funding and high-quality policymaking that delivers better
economic management and greater resilience to external shocks.
The resulting nvestment opportunites for a specialist, active manager

10: Ashmore Group ple Annual Report and Accounts 2023

are diversified across an investment universe spanning more
than 70 emerging countries and with approximately US$75 trillion
of fixed income securities and equity market capitalisation

Appropriate strategy to deliver long-term growth

The Group's three-phase strategy 's to capture these opportunites
while seeking to protect the Group from some of the more significant
challenges facing active asset managers such as the threat of
passive competition. Inevitably, given the cyclical nature of markets,
progress made in each of the three phases will vary.

Phase one
Risk aversion by some investors resulted in an adjustment to
allocations to Emerging Markets in the year, yet this was more
pronounced among developed world investors than those based
in Emerging Markets. Ashmore’s AuM trom the latter increased
over the year by US$1.1 billion and trom 27% to 33% of total AUM

While interest rates have increased in both developed and emerging
countries, there is additional yield available in Emerging Markets
that helps to compensate for higher risk, whether perceived or actual,
and the merits of equity allocations are underpinned by the superior
growth prospects of emerging economies. Theretore, as the market
recovery continues, @ broader range of investors 1s expected to
recognise and act upon the attractive investment opportunities
available in Emerging Markets fixed income and equities

Phase two
Ashmore’s objective 1s to diversify its business and revenue streams
over time, and the current focus 1s on converting the strong equities
investment performance into client flows, with encouraging activity
levels picking up through the penod: increasing alternatives AuM
and delivering growth in intermediary retail assets as risk

appetite increases

The AuM opportunity within each initiative is substantial, with
the potential to deliver a significantly larger and more diversified
business, thereby enhancing further the Group’s resilience to
market cycles

Phase three

Ashmore has established a network of local asset management
operations across six emerging countries, from Colombia in the
west to Indonesia in the east. Collectively, they manage US$7
bilhon for domestic and international institutions and intermediary
retall nvestors. Importantly, they provide the Group with diversification
benefits, as seen tangibly this year with stable locally managed
AuM compared with a decline for the Group's global business, and
access to significant long-term growth opportuniues as each country
develops its capital markets and asset management industry.

Each business continues to develop according to its local strategy,
swith stad equities OUuIDEMorMmBlice, IIVESUCUL ealisalions and
further capital raising planned in Colombia; development of a
broader product range and client diversification in Saudi Arabia
good investment performance and growing AuM in India; and
investment outperformance and successful management of
industry regulatory changes in Indonesia.

The success of Ashmore Indonesia illustrates the near-term
development opportunity in these businesses, and the potential
value creation for Ashmore’s shareholders. With the Group's
support, the management team established a highly profitable
business of more than US$2 billion AUM, with significant employee
equity ownership and 4 listing on the local Jakarta Stock Exchange.
The business is currently valued at more than US$150 million

Consequently, Ashmore has significant organic growth potential
available in each of these countries and will pursue opportunities to
expand the network over time.

Established business model to manage impact of
market volatility

Ashmore has experienced many different market environments in
more than 30 years of specialist investing in Emerging Markets
and, while every cycle ts different, its business model is designed
10 mitigate the impact of fluctuating AuM levels on its operational
and financial performance.

The Board took the decision to increase the proportion of profits
paid to employees in variable remuneration trom 22.5% to 25.0%
of EBVCIT, While in absolute terms the bonus poo! is 24% lowe,
the higher percentage reflects the cumulative impact of three
years of mostly challenging market conditions and consequently

a significant reduction in AuM and pre-bonus profits. The Board
remains mindtul of achieving an appropriate balance between overall
employee remuneration and the profits available to shareholders,
and has recommended an unchanged final ordinary dividend this year.

Delivering strong investment performance

As descnbed in the Market review, Emerging Markets benchmark
indices delivered good returns for the year. In fixed income,
Ashmore's value-based investment process delivered
outpertormance through active management and adding positions
at attractive market levels over the past few years. Similarly, the main
equities strategies have navigated the market volatility of recent
years and delivered consistent outpertormance, with a strong track
record over one, three and five years. Overall, 69% of the Group's
AuM ts outperforming benchmarks over three years, a significant
increase Compared with 28% a year ago.

Ashmore has a well-established pattern of exploiting cyclical market
weakness through active management embedding significant upside
value in portfolios, and the subsequent market recovery leading

to outperformance for clients. While the drivers of each cycle are
different, Ashmore’s consistent approach has again delivered a simitar
profile of investment performance in this cycle.

United Arab Emirates Pavilion, Dubai

Employees

In recent years, Ashmore’s employees have experienced
significant changes in working practices, high levels of market
volatility and a penod of cyclically lower AuM and profits. Delivering
performance for clients 1s the responsibility of all colleagues, not
just the investment protessionals, and therefore on behalf of the
Board, ! would like to thank each of them for their steadfast
commuitment to Ashmore’s purpose, their expertise and high levels
of professionalism, and maintaining the Group's highly effective
team-based culture.

Positive outlook as the market cycle turns

There is mounting evidence that the negative cycle has turned

and, while the recovery may not be a straight line, it is well-supported
by improving fundamentals across the larger emerging countnes,
although notably China faces some headwinds from lower consumer
confidence after reopening its economy. Some investors remain
cautious, but chent activity levels are increasing and the combination
of positive performance and attractive valuations available across
Emerging Markets should drive capital flows over the medium
term, as has occurred after previous down cycles.

Ashmore 1s focused on pursuing its strategic growth objectives,
while managing the business appropriately to mitigate the impact
of market conditions and competitive pressures, and to deliver
upside through operating leverage as AUM grows as a
consequence ot performance and chent flows.

Ashmore remains highly profitable, is delivering outpertormance
for chents and has a scalable operating platform, which means it
1s well-positioned to benefit from the ongoing recovery in
Emerging Markets.

Mark Coombs
Chief Executive Officer

5 September 2023

Ashmore Group ple Annual Report and Accounts 2023 | 11

FONRYIAOD. | AOd3Y DIDZLVYLS

SLNAW3LVLS WWIONYNIS

Specialist
understanding...

The size, scale and diversity of Emerging Markets are often
misunderstood and underappreciated. This creates investment
opportunities through the mispricing of assets, which therefore requires
a specialist, active approach to exploit inefficiency and to deliver
long-term investment performance.

Most capital markets are imperfect, but asset The integration of ESG factors into investment
prices in Emerging Markets frequently reflect processes is important, and recognises that the
sentiment, which can be fickle and influenced emerging countries need capital for investment
by misperceptions or inherent biases, rather in order to address some of the challenges

than underlying fundamentals. This is facing the world, such as how to achieve a just
compounded by relatively low index climate transition.

representation, particularly in local currency
markets, and often a lack of comprehensive
sell-side coverage of securities. Wide range of sovereign debt returns (%)

The resultant price dislocations provide
significant investment opportunities for active
managers, but require deep understanding
and experience of the markets, together with
rigorous credit and financial analysis, in order
to recognise when value is available.

Source: EMBI GD (12 months to 30 June 2023)