Management’s Discussion and Analysis (MD&A) for the periods ended December 31, 2025 and June 30, 2026 and the risk factors, assumptions and uncertainties described in other documents Cenovus files from time to time with securities regulatory authorities in Canada (available on SEDAR+ at sedarplus.ca , on EDGAR at sec.gov and Cenovus’s website at cenovus.com ). CENOVUS ENERGY NEWS RELEASE | 5 News release The guidance in respect of Cenovus’s expectations of future periods in this news release may be considered to be a financial outlook for the purposes of applicable Canadian securities laws. Such information is based on assumptions about future events, including economic conditions and proposed courses of action, based on management’s assessment of the relevant information currently available, and which may become available in the future. These projections constitute statements and are based on several material factors and assumptions set out above. Actual results may differ significantly from such projections. See above for a discussion of certain risks that could cause actual results to vary. The financial outlook contained in this news release has been approved by management as of the date of this news release. Readers are cautioned that any such financial outlook contained herein should not be used for purposes other than those for which it is disclosed herein. Cenovus and its management believe that the financial outlook contained in this news release has been prepared based on assumptions that are reasonable in the circumstances, reflecting management’s best estimates and judgments, and represents, to the best of management’s knowledge and opinion, expected and targeted financial results. However, because this information is highly subjective, it should not be relied on as necessarily indicative of future results. In respect of the net debt disclosure herein, readers are directed to Cenovus’s MD&A for the periods ended December 31, 2025 and June 30, 2026 (available on SEDAR+ at sedarplus.ca , on EDGAR at sec.gov and Cenovus’s website at cenovus.com ), which includes a detailed composition of how Cenovus calculates the metric. Except as required by applicable securities laws, Cenovus disclaims any intention or obligation to publicly update or revise any statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Readers are cautioned that the foregoing lists are not exhaustive and are made as at the date hereof. Events or circumstances could cause actual results to differ materially from those estimated or projected and expressed in, or implied by, the information. For additional information regarding Cenovus’s material risk factors, the assumptions made, and risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results to differ from the anticipated results, refer to “Risk Management and Risk Factors” and “Advisory” in Cenovus’s MD&A for the periods ended December 31, 2025 and June 30, 2026 and to the risk factors, assumptions and uncertainties described in other documents Cenovus files from time to time with securities regulatory authorities in Canada (available on SEDAR+ at sedarplus.ca , on EDGAR at sec.gov and Cenovus’s website at cenovus.com ). Specified Financial Measures Certain financial measures in this news release do not have a standardized meaning as prescribed by IFRS Accounting Standards including Adjusted Funds Flow. These measures may not be comparable to similar measures presented by other issuers and are described and presented in order to provide shareholders and potential investors with additional measures for analyzing our ability to generate funds to finance our operations and information regarding our liquidity. This additional information should not be considered in isolation, or as a substitute for, measures prepared in accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards. Readers are directed to “ Advisory – Specified Financial Measures ” in Cenovus’s MD&A for the periods ended June 30, 2026 for further information. Oil and Gas Advisory Barrels of Oil Equivalent – natural gas volumes are converted to BOE on the basis of six Mcf to one bbl. BOE may be misleading, particularly if used in isolation. A conversion ratio of one bbl to six Mcf is based on an energy equivalency conversion method primarily applicable at the burner tip and does not represent value equivalency at the wellhead. Given that the value ratio based on the current price of crude oil compared with natural gas is significantly different from the energy equivalency conversion ratio of 6:1, utilizing a conversion on a 6:1 basis is not an accurate reflection of value. CENOVUS ENERGY NEWS RELEASE | 6 News release This news release makes assumptions relating to future production volumes based on reserve evaluation calculations prepared by independent evaluators. Statements relating to “reserves” are deemed to be statements as they involve the implied assessment based on certain estimates and assumptions that the reserves described can be profitably produced in the future. There are numerous uncertainties inherent in estimating quantities of proved and proved plus probable reserves and in projecting future rates of production. The total amount or timing of actual future production may vary significantly from reserves and production estimates. This press release contains certain oil and gas metrics, such as “reserves life”, which do not have standardized meanings or standard methods of calculation and therefore such measures may not be comparable to similar measures used by other companies and should not be used to make comparisons. Such metrics have been included herein to provide readers with additional information regarding Cenovus’s acquisition of Athabasca; however, such measures are not reliable indicators of future performance and future performance may not compare to performance in previous periods and therefore such metrics should not be unduly relied upon. Athabasca reserves life is calculated using total gross reserves on a 2P basis and dividing them by Athabasca management’s current anticipated 2026 exit production, in each case as included in Athabasca’s public disclosure. Although Cenovus has no knowledge that would indicate that any information contained in the documents filed by Athabasca are untrue or incomplete, Cenovus does not assume any responsibility for the accuracy or completeness of the information contained in such documents, or for any failure by Athabasca to disclose events that may have occurred or that may affect the significance or accuracy of any such information, which are unknown to Cenovus. Cenovus Energy Inc. Cenovus Energy Inc. is an integrated energy company with oil and natural gas production operations in Canada and the Asia Pacific region, and upgrading, refining and marketing operations in Canada and the United States. The company is committed to maximizing value by developing its assets in a safe, responsible and manner, integrating sustainability considerations into its business plans. Cenovus common shares are listed on the Toronto and New York stock exchanges. For more information, visit cenovus.com . Find Cenovus on Facebook , LinkedIn , YouTube and Instagram . Cenovus contacts Investors Investor Relations general line 403-766-7711 CENOVUS ENERGY NEWS RELEASE | 7 News release Media Media Relations general line 403-766-7751 CENOVUS ENERGY NEWS RELEASE | 8