Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Cenovus Energy Inc. for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025. (c) Consolidated Financial Statements of Cenovus Energy Inc. for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025. (d) Supplementary Information – Oil and Gas Activities (unaudited) for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025. ADDITIONAL DISCLOSURE Certifications and Disclosure Regarding Controls and Procedures. (a) Certifications. See Exhibits 99.5 99.6, 99.7 and 99.8 to this annual report on Form 40-F. (b) Disclosure Controls and Procedures . As of the end of the Registrant’s fiscal year ended December 31, 2025, an evaluation of the effectiveness of the Registrant’s “disclosure controls and procedures” (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”)) was carried out by the Registrant’s management with the participation of the principal executive officer and principal financial officer. Based upon that evaluation, the Registrant’s principal executive officer and principal financial officer have concluded that as of the end of that fiscal year, the Registrant’s disclosure controls and procedures are effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Registrant in reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is (i) recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission’s (the “Commission”) rules and forms and (ii) accumulated and communicated to the Registrant’s management, including its principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. It should be noted that while the Registrant’s principal executive officer and principal financial officer believe that the Registrant’s disclosure controls and procedures provide a reasonable level of assurance that they are effective, they do not expect that the Registrant’s disclosure controls and procedures or internal control over financial reporting will prevent all errors and fraud. A control system, no matter how well conceived or operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. (c) Management’s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting . The required disclosure is included in the “Report of Management” that accompanies the Registrant’s Consolidated Financial Statements for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025, filed as Exhibit 99.3 to this annual report on Form 40-F. (d) Attestation Report of the Registered Public Accounting Firm . The required disclosure is included in the “Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB 271 )” that accompanies the Registrant’s Consolidated Financial Statements for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025, filed as Exhibit 99.3 to this annual report on Form 40-F. (e) Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting . During the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025, there was no change in the Registrant’s internal control over financial reporting that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant’s internal control over financial reporting. Notices Pursuant to Regulation BTR. None. Audit Committee Financial Expert. The Registrant’s board of directors has determined that Jane E. Kinney, Chana L. Martineau and Claude Mongeau, who are members of the Registrant’s audit committee, each qualify as an “audit committee financial expert” (as such term is defined in paragraph (8) of General Instruction B to Form 40-F), and that each of the following members of the Registrant’s audit committee is “independent” as that term is defined in the rules of the New York Stock Exchange: Stephen E. Bradley, Jane E. Kinney, Chana L. Martineau, Richard J. Marcogliese and Claude Mongeau. Code of Ethics. The Registrant has adopted a “code of ethics” (as that term is defined in paragraph (9) of General Instruction B to Form 40-F), entitled the “Code of Business Conduct & Ethics”, that applies to all of its employees, including its principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller, and persons performing similar functions. The Code of Business Conduct & Ethics (the “Code”) is available for viewing on the Registrant’s website at www.cenovus.com and is available in print to any person without charge, upon request. Requests for copies of the Code should be made by contacting the Registrant’s Corporate Secretarial Department, Cenovus Energy Inc., 4100,225 - 6 Avenue S.W., P.O. Box 766, Calgary, Alberta, Canada T2P 0M2. Any amendments to the Code from time to time will be posted to the Registrant’s website within five business days of the amendment and will remain available for a period. Information on or connected to our website, even if referred to herein, does not constitute part of this annual report on Form 40-F. Since the adoption of the Code, there have not been any waivers, including implicit waivers, granted from any provision of the Code. Principal Accountant Fees and Services. The required disclosure is included under the heading “Audit Committee - External Auditor Service Fees” in the Registrant’s Annual Information Form for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025, filed as Exhibit 99.1 to this annual report on Form 40-F. Policies and Procedures and Percentage of Services Approved by Audit Committee. The required disclosure is included under the heading “Audit Committee - Policies and Procedures” and “Audit Committee – External Auditor Service Fees” in the Registrant’s Annual Information Form for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025, filed as Exhibit 99.1 to this annual report on Form 40-F. All fees have been by the Audit Committee and therefore none of the services therein were approved by the Audit Committee pursuant to paragraph (c)(7)(i)(C) of Rule 2-01 of Regulation S-X. Sheet Arrangements. The Registrant does not have any commitments or obligations, including contingent obligations, arising from arrangements with unconsolidated entities or persons (which are not otherwise discussed in the Registrant's Management’s Discussion and Analysis for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025, filed as Exhibit 99.2 to this annual report on Form 40-F), that have or are reasonably likely to have a material current or future effect on its financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, cash requirements or capital resources. Disclosure of Contractual Obligations. The required disclosure is included under the heading “Liquidity and Capital Resources - Contractual Commitments and Obligations” in the Registrant’s Management’s Discussion and Analysis for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025, filed as Exhibit 99.2 to this annual report on Form 40-F. Identification of the Audit Committee. The Registrant has a standing audit committee established in accordance with Section 3(a)(58)(A) of the Exchange Act. The members of the audit committee are: Jane E. Kinney (Chair), Stephen E. Bradley, Richard J. Marcogliese, Chana L. Martineau and Claude Mongeau. Mine Safety Disclosure. Not applicable. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. Not applicable. UNDERTAKING AND CONSENT TO SERVICE OF PROCESS A. Undertaking The Registrant undertakes to make available, in person or by telephone, representatives to respond to inquiries made by the Commission staff, and to furnish promptly, when requested to do so by the Commission staff, information relating to: the securities registered pursuant to Form 40-F; the securities in relation to which the obligation to file an annual report on Form 40-F arises; or transactions in said securities. B. Consent to Service of Process (1) The Registrant has previously filed a Form F-X in connection with the class of securities in relation to which the obligation to file this report arises. (2) Any change to the name or address of the agent for service of process of the Registrant shall be communicated promptly to the Commission by an amendment to the Form F-X referencing the file number of the Registrant. SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Exchange Act, the Registrant certifies that it meets all of the requirements for filing on Form 40-F and has duly caused this annual report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereto duly authorized. CENOVUS ENERGY INC. Date: February 19, 2026 /s/ Karamjit S. Sandhar Name: Karamjit S. Sandhar Title: Executive & Chief Financial Officer EXHIBIT INDEX Exhibits Documents 97 Clawback Policy 99.1 Annual Information Form of Cenovus Energy Inc. for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025. 99.2 Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Cenovus Energy Inc. for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025. 99.3 Consolidated Annual Financial Statements of Cenovus Energy Inc. for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025. 99.4 Supplementary Information – Oil and Gas Activities (unaudited) for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025. 99.5 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 99.6 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 99.7 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350. 99.8 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350. 99.9 Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP. 99.10 Consent of McDaniel & Associates Consultants Ltd. 99.11 Consent of GLJ Ltd. 101 Interactive data file 104 Cover page interactive data file (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101)