MEG Provides Additional Information Related to the Improved Cenovus 
Transaction 
All amounts in Canadian dollars unless specified. 
CALGARY, October 31, 2025 /CNW/ – MEG Energy Corp. (TSX: MEG) (“MEG”, or the “Company”) is providing 
additional disclosure regarding the previously announced asset transaction between Strathcona Resources Ltd. 
(TSX: SCR) (“Strathcona”) and Cenovus Energy Inc. (TSX: CVE) (NYSE: CVE) (“Cenovus”), as initially disclosed in 
its press release of October 27, 2025.  
As previously announced, MEG entered into a second amending agreement (the “Second Amending 
Agreement”) with Cenovus to amend the arrangement agreement between MEG and Cenovus dated August 
21, 2025, as amended on October 7, 2025 (the “First Amending Agreement”), to increase the consideration 
payable to holders (“MEG Shareholders”) of common shares of MEG (“MEG Shares”) to $30.00 per MEG Share 
(the “Improved Consideration”), based on Cenovus’s closing share price on October 24, 2025. Concurrent with 
the execution of the Second Amending Agreement, Cenovus entered into an agreement with Strathcona (the 
“SCR Support Agreement”) pursuant to which Strathcona, holding 36.1 million MEG Shares representing 14.2% 
of the outstanding MEG Shares, agreed to vote all of such MEG Shares for the acquisition of MEG by Cenovus 
(the “Cenovus Transaction”). Concurrent with and as a condition of entering into the SCR Support Agreement, 
Cenovus entered into an agreement (the “Divestiture Agreement”) with Strathcona to sell certain assets, 
including the Vawn thermal heavy oil asset in Saskatchewan and certain undeveloped lands in western 
Saskatchewan and Alberta (collectively, the “Divested Assets”), for aggregate consideration of $150 million 
(the “CVE Divestiture”). 
This press release provides additional information regarding the SCR Support Agreement, the CVE Divestiture 
and MEG’s consideration of it as part of its evaluation of the Improved Consideration. 
MEG Special Committee and Board Process 
During the morning of Sunday, October 26, 2025, the President and Chief Executive Officer of MEG was 
presented with the terms of the proposed Second Amending Agreement and concurrently informed by 
Cenovus of an agreement in principle between Cenovus and Strathcona in respect of the commercial terms of 
the SCR Support Agreement and the Divestiture Agreement. A meeting of the special committee (“Special 
Committee”) of the MEG board of directors (the “MEG Board”) and a meeting of the MEG Board were called
for the evening of Sunday, October 26, 2025 to consider the proposed increase in the purchase price from 
Cenovus and related agreements between Cenovus and Strathcona. 
The primary consideration before the Special Committee on the evening of Sunday, October 26, 2025 was 
whether or not to approve the Second Amending Agreement to reflect the increased purchase price offered 
by Cenovus of $0.50 per MEG Share. In considering the Second Amending Agreement, the Special 
Committee was advised that the Improved Consideration was contingent on Cenovus and Strathcona 
entering into the SCR Support Agreement and the Divestiture Agreement. 
In determining whether to recommend approval of the Second Amending Agreement to the MEG Board, 
the Special Committee considered the advice of its financial and legal advisors and available information 
about the Divested Assets, including their location re lative to Strathcona’s existing assets, available 
production history, and the relative size of the assets, which produced an average of approximately 5,000 
barrels of oil equivalent per day (boe/d) to date in 2025, in the context of the size of Cenovus, where 
Cenovus generated production of approximately 832,000 boe/d in the third quarter of 2025 and had a 
market capitalization in excess of $40 billion as of October 24, 2025.  
Pursuant to the terms of the Divestiture Agreement, the Divested Assets are being sold to Strathcona for 
aggregate consideration of $150 million, comprised of $75 million in cash paid on closing and up to $75 
million in contingent consideration dependent on future commodity prices.  
As MEG was not a party to either of the SCR Support Agreement and the Divestiture Agreement and was 
not involved in any negotiations related to those agreements, the information that it had was necessarily 
limited to the foregoing material terms. While MEG received copies of the SCR Support Agreement and the 
Divestiture Agreement, they were presented to MEG in near final form and MEG did not comment on the 
agreements. 
BMO Capital Markets and RBC Capital Markets, the financial advisors to the MEG Board and the Special 
Committee, respectively, provided financial advice to the Special Committee in respect of the materiality of 
the Divested Assets to Cenovus and the impact of the CVE Divestiture on the consideration to be received by 
MEG Shareholders at closing of the Cenovus Transaction. Based on the information available to it, each 
financial advisor advised the MEG Board and Special Committee that the Divested Assets were immaterial to 
Cenovus (and by implication to a combined Cenovus and MEG) and that the CVE Divestiture would not 
materially impact the consideration to be received by MEG Shareholders under the Cenovus Transaction. 
After considering advice from its external financial and legal advisors, the Special Committee determined 
to recommend that the MEG Board approve the entering into of the Second Amending Agreement. The 
MEG Board, informed in part by the recommendation of the Special Committee and after considering 
advice from the external financial and legal advisors, determined that the entering into of the Second 
Amending Agreement was in the best interests of MEG, and unanimously approved the Second Amending 
Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby.  
In considering the approval of the Second Amending Agreement, although MEG is of the view that the Cenovus 
Transaction is not subject to the requirements of Multilateral Instrument 61-101 – Protection of Minority 
Security Holders in Special Transactions, the MEG Board has as matter of fairness, determined that the Cenovus 
Transaction should be considered a “business combination” for purposes of MI 61-101 and thereby subject to 
a Minority Approval Vote (as defined below) in addition to the approval of the Cenovus Transaction by at least
Shareholders to approve the Cenovus Transaction (the “Meeting”).  
MI 61-101 requires that, in addition to any other required security holder approval, a business combination 
must be subject to “minority approval” (as defined in MI 61-101), which is a simple majority of the votes cast 
thereon by MEG Shareholders present in person or represented by proxy at the Meeting, after excluding the 
votes cast by those persons whose votes are required to be excluded in accordance with MI 61-101 (the 
“Minority Approval Vote”). Pursuant to MI 61-101, MEG Shares held by a MEG Shareholder who is a “related 
party” may in certain circumstances, including where such party receives a collateral benefit, be excluded from 
voting in the Minority Approval Vote. Strathcona is a “related party” of MEG pursuant to MI 61-101 by virtue 
of its ownership of greater than 10% of the issued and outstanding MEG Shares. As a result, the 36.1 million 
MEG Shares held, directly or indirectly by Strathcona, and its respective related parties or joint actors, will be 
excluded for the purpose of tabulating the Minority Approval Vote. 
Divested Assets 
Following the announcement of the Second Amending Agreement, the SCR Support Agreement and the CVE 
Divestiture, MEG has, with the cooperation of Cenovus, conducted a further review of the Divested Assets. 
Based upon information provided by Cenovus on October 30, 2025, the Vawn thermal heavy oil asset in 
Saskatchewan and the 46 sections of undeveloped lands in Western Saskatchewan and Alberta forming 
part of the Divested Assets had total proved reserves of 25.2 million barrels as at year-end 2024. MEG was 
informed that Cenovus agreed to a contingent payment because production from the Divested Assets had 
been inconsistent through the past year. The contingent consideration was set at $1.0 million for each 
dollar per barrel the Western Canada Select (WCS) index averages above C$70 per barrel in a given quarter, 
payable quarterly over the 14 quarters following closing, up to a maximum of $75 million. The subsequent 
information provided reaffirmed the Special Committee and the MEG Board’s previous understanding of 
the Divested Assets and did not alter the Special Committee and the MEG Board’s previous view that the 
CVE Divestiture is immaterial to Cenovus and would not have a material impact on the consideration to be 
received by MEG Shareholders pursuant to the Cenovus Transaction. 
Information Circular 
MEG filed an information circular (“Circular”) on September 12, 2025, as updated by MEG’s press releases 
dated October 10, 2025, October 27, 2025 and October 30, 2025 in accordance with the interim order of 
the Court of King’s Bench of Alberta (the “Court”) dated September 9, 2025 (the “Interim Order”), which 
provides further details on the Cenovus Transaction, election process and the Meeting. In accordance with 
the terms of the Interim Order, this news release updates the information presented in the Circular, as 
amended.  
Copies of the Circular, the Letter of Transmittal and Election Form, the First Amending Agreement, the 
Second Amending Agreement and additional information on the Meeting can be found at: 
https://www.megenergy.com/investors/shareholder-information/special-meeting-of-meg-shareholders/. 
Advisors 
BMO Capital Markets and Burnet, Duckworth & Palmer LLP are acting as financial advisor and legal counsel, 
respectively, to the Company. RBC Capital Markets and Norton Rose Fulbright Canada LLP are acting as
financial advisor and legal counsel, respectively, to the Special Committee. 
Forward-Looking Information 
This press release contains forward-looking statements and forward-looking information within the meaning 
of applicable securities laws (“forward -looking statements”). Words such as “expect”, “continue”, “may”, 
“will”, “maintain”, “obtain”, “after”, “promptly” and similar expressions suggesting future events or future 
performance are intended to identify forward-looking statements. More particularly and without limitation, 
this press release contains forward-looking statements and information relating to: the expectation that the 
MEG Shares held by Strathcona, directly and indirectly, will be excluded for the purpose of tabulating the 
Minority Approval Vote and other similar statements. 
 
Since forward-looking statements and information address future events and conditions, by their very nature 
they involve inherent known and unknown risks and uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially from 
those currently anticipated due to a number of assumptions, risks and uncertainties including, without 
limitation: completion of the Cenovus Transaction on the anticipated terms and timing, or at all, including 
obtaining the requisite Court and MEG Shareholder approvals and the satisfaction of the conditions to closing 
the Cenovus Transaction; the contingent consideration payable in connection with the CVE Divestiture, 
including the amount and timing thereof; the effect or outcome of litigation and/or regulatory challenges 
that may arise in relation to the Cenovus Transaction or otherwise; the existence of any laws or material 
changes thereto that may adversely affect Cenovus or MEG or impact the completion of the Cenovus 
Transaction; potential adverse changes to business prospects and opportunities resulting from the 
announcement or completion of the Cenovus Transaction; and general business, market and economic 
conditions. 
 
These forward-looking statements and information are based on certain key expectations and assumptions 
made by MEG. Completion of the Cenovus Transaction is subject to a number of conditions which are typical 
for transactions of this nature. Assumptions have been made with respect to the satisfaction of all conditions 
precedent in respect of the Cenovus Transaction. Although MEG believes that the expectations and 
assumptions on which such forward-looking statements and information are based are reasonable, undue 
reliance should not be placed on the forward- looking statements and information as MEG cannot give any 
assurance that they will prove to be correct. Accordingly, readers are cautioned that the actual results 
achieved may vary from the forward-looking information provided herein and that the variations may be 
material. Readers are also cautioned that the foregoing list of assumptions, risks and factors is not 
exhaustive. 
 
Further information regarding the assumptions and risks inherent in the making of forward-looking 
statements and in respect of the Cenovus Transaction can be found in MEG’s other public disclosure 
documents which are available through the Company’s website  at http://www.megenergy.com/investors 
and through the SEDAR+ website at http://www.sedarplus.ca. The forward-looking information included in 
this news release is expressly qualified in its entirety by the foregoing cautionary statements. Unless 
otherwise stated, the forward-looking information included in this news release is made as of the date of this 
news release and MEG assumes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking information to reflect 
new events or circumstances, except as required by law. 
Oil and Gas Advisories
The estimates of reserves for the Divested Assets may not reflect the same confidence level as estimates of 
reserves for all properties, due to effects of aggregation.  Based on the information provided in Cenovus’s 
annual information form for the year end ed December 31, 2024 dated February 19, 2025 (the “Cenovus 
AIF”), as at December 31, 2024, Cenovus’s total proved reserves in Canada were 5,587 MMboe.   
Based on the information provided in the Cenovus AIF, Cenovus’s proved reserves are evaluated each year 
by independent qualified reserves evaluators. The reserves estimates provided herein are estimates only, 
and there is no guarantee that the estimated reserves will be recovered. Actual reserves may be greater 
than, or less than, the estimates disclosed. Please see the Cenovus AIF (available on SEDAR+ at sedarplus.ca 
and Cenovus’s website at cenovus.com), including the risk factors and advisories set out therein, for 
additional information in respect of Cenovus’s reserves estimates.  
Barrel of Oil Equivalent 
“Boe” means barrel of oil equivalent. In this presentation, certain gas volumes have been converted to boe 
at the ratio of six thousand cubic feet (“Mcf”) of natural gas to one barrel (“bbl”) of crude oil. The usage of 
boe may be misleading, particularly if used in isolation. A boe conversion ratio of six Mcf to one bbl is based 
on an energy equivalency conversion method primarily applicable at the burner tip and does not represent 
value equivalency at the wellhead. Given that the value ratio based on the current price of natural gas as 
compared to crude oil is significantly different from the energy equivalency conversion ratio of six to one, 
utilizing a boe conversion ratio of six Mcf to one bbl may be misleading as an indication of value. 
Abbreviations 
boe barrels of oil equivalent 
MMboe Million barrels of oil equivalent
Information Regarding Cenovus 
This press release includes certain information relating to Cenovus. Unless otherwise indicated, such 
information was derived from the Cenovus AIF and other publicly available documents of Cenovus, as well 
as certain other third-party sources. Information regarding Cenovus’s production was provided by Cenovus. 
Although MEG has no knowledge that would indicate that any information provided by Cenovus or in any 
documents filed by Cenovus is untrue or incomplete, MEG does not assume any responsibility for the 
accuracy or completeness of the information contained in such documents, or for any failure by Cenovus to 
disclose events that may have occurred or that may affect the significance or accuracy of any such 
information, which are unknown to MEG. 
For further information: 
Shareholder Questions: 
MEG Investor Relations, 403.767.0515, invest@megenergy.com  
Sodali & Co., 1.888.999.2785 or 1.289.695.3075 for banks, brokers, and callers outside North America, 
assistance@investor.sodali.com
Media Questions: 
MEG Media Relations, 403.775.1131, media@megenergy.com