BETA Close X MJ Gleeson plc announced that a significant land sale, expected to account for approximately 50% of FY2026 plot sales, is now anticipated to complete in the first half of FY2027, impacting Adjusted Group Profit Before Tax by an estimated £7.5 million lower than current market expectations of £17.8 million. Two smaller transactions, also delayed due to national housebuilders reviewing land buying strategies, are now expected in the first half of FY2027, though one further site sale is still expected in June 2026. Trading in Gleeson Homes remains in line with expectations, and the Group remains encouraged by solid demand for high-quality sites. Disclaimer* MJ Gleeson PLC 09 June 2026 MJ Gleeson plc ("MJ Gleeson" or the "Group") Update on Gleeson Land As previously communicated, Gleeson Land has been extensively engaged in the sale of a site which would account for approximately 50% of the total forecast plots to be sold in FY2026. Whilst significant progress has been made in respect of this site, the transaction is unlikely to complete in the current financial year. The majority of conditions required to achieve formal technical approval have been agreed, and the Group expects to conclude the remaining conditions soon. Completion of the transaction is now anticipated during the first half of the new financial year. The Board notes the recent commentary regarding the national housebuilders reviewing their land buying strategies given the current market environment. Delays in their decision making and acquisitions of land will likely impact the timings on two smaller transactions, originally expected to complete in FY2026, which are also now expected to conclude in the first half of FY2027. However, we continue to expect the sale of one further site in June 2026. Notwithstanding the timing differences on completions of the above sites, the Group is encouraged that demand remains solid for high quality sites. Trading in Gleeson Homes is in line with management's expectations for the full year. The impact of the Gleeson Land transactions being deferred into FY2027 is expected to result in Adjusted Group PBT for the year being approximately £7.5m lower than current market expectations 1 . The Group will issue its full year trading update on 10 July 2026. Graham Prothero, CEO, commented: "The Gleeson Land team have cleared almost all of the technical hurdles to facilitate the disposal of the major site and it is frustrating that completion will now fall into the next financial year. The progress to date should not be underestimated and represents a strong performance by the team. "There is no doubt that housebuilders, in the south of England, are reviewing and reappraising their land buying strategies and we anticipate these conditions will continue through the next financial year. The good news is that there is continuing demand for the highest quality developments, which is where Gleeson Land is now focused with a portfolio of prime sites. Transactions will take longer but we are confident that sales of prime sites will continue." 1 The company compiled consensus of Adjusted Group Profit Before Tax for the year ending 30 June 2026 is £17.8m with a range of £16.4m to £18.5m and can be found at: https://www.mjgleesonplc.com/investors/analyst-coverage/ Enquiries: MJ Gleeson plc +44 1142 612 900 Graham Prothero, Chief Executive Officer Stefan Allanson, Chief Financial Officer Stoneway (Financial PR) mjgleeson@stoneway.co Mark Garraway +44 7771 860938 Kim Looringh-van Beeck +44 20 3422 0208 Singer Capital Markets (Joint broker) +44 20 7496 3000 Shaun Dobson Charles Leigh-Pemberton Peel Hunt (Joint broker) +44 20 7418 8900 Ed Allsopp Asha Chotai Tom Graham The information contained within this announcement was previously deemed by the Company to constitute inside information as stipulated by Market Abuse Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 ("EU MAR") and the retained UK law version of EU MAR pursuant to the Market Abuse (Amendment) (EU Exit) Regulations 2019 (SI 2019/310) ("UK MAR"). With the publication of this announcement via a Regulatory Information Service, this information is now considered to be in the public domain. For the purposes of UK MAR, the person responsible for arranging for the release of this information on behalf of MJ Gleeson plc is Stefan Allanson, Chief Financial Officer LEI: 21380064K7N2W7FD6434 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies MJ Gleeson (GLE) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 day ago Accsys Technologies 1 day ago CMC Markets 1 day ago Fuller Smith & Turner 1 day ago GSK 1 day ago Banco Santander S.A. All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and