BETA Close X MJ Gleeson PLC has announced that its Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer will host a live retail investor webinar on the Engage Investor platform on Friday, September 18, 2026, at 10:00 BST. This event will present the company's full-year 2026 results, and investors will have the opportunity to submit questions in advance and during the presentation. Disclaimer* MJ Gleeson PLC 14 September 2026 MJ Gleeson PLC Presentation of FY2026 results on Engage Investor platform Friday 18 September 2026 at 10:00 BST MJ Gleeson Plc, the leading affordable housebuilder and strategic land promoter, is pleased to confirm that Graham Prothero, Chief Executive Officer, and Stefan Allanson, Chief Financial Officer, will host a live Retail Investor Webinar on the Engage Investor platform, on Friday 18 September 2026, at 10:00 BST. Investors can sign up to Engage Investor and register their interest in this event here: https://engageinvestor.news/GLE_IP_0926 Questions can be submitted in advance and at any time during the live presentation. -ends- Stoneway (Financial PR) mjgleeson@stoneway.co Mark Garraway Tel: +44 7771 860938 S iobhan McCarthy Tel: +44 7391 534276 About MJ Gleeson plc MJ Gleeson plc comprises two divisions: Gleeson Homes and Gleeson Land. Gleeson Homes, under the banner of "Building Homes. Changing Lives" builds high-quality affordable homes across the Midlands and North of England. To meet customer demand, and without compromising affordability, the range of homes available extends from one-bed apartments to five-bedroom houses. With a two-bedroom home available from £123,000, a key objective is to ensure that on all of our developments, a meaningful proportion of homes are affordable to a couple earning the National Living Wage. Buying a Gleeson home typically costs less than renting a similar property. All Gleeson homes are traditional brick built semi or detached homes. As a high-quality, affordable housebuilder, Gleeson has strong and inherent sustainability credentials. Its social purpose underpins the Company's strategy and Gleeson measures itself closely against UN SDGs 5, 8, 11, 12, 13 and 15. More details on the Company's approach to sustainability can be found at: www.mjgleesonplc.com/sustainability. Gleeson Land, which operates under the banner of 'Promoting Land. Unlocking Value' is the Group's land promotion division operating in the South, West and Central England. Gleeson Land identifies development opportunities and works with landowners and stakeholders to both enhance the value of the property and to promote land through the residential planning system, ultimately managing the sale of these sites to other developers on behalf of landowners. This information is provided by Reach, the non-regulatory press release distribution service of RNS, part of the London Stock Exchange. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies MJ Gleeson (GLE) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 21 minutes ago JPMorgan American Inv Trust 42 minutes ago Kromek Group 43 minutes ago JPMorgan American Inv Trust 48 minutes ago Derwent London 1 hour ago Jupiter Fund Management All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and