BETA Close X MJ Gleeson Plc announced that its Chief Financial Officer, Stefan Allanson, Chief Executive Officer, Graham Prothero, and Chief Operating Officer, Simon Topliss, acquired ordinary shares through the company's Dividend Re-Investment Plans on April 7, 2026, at a price of £2.57 per share. Following these transactions, Stefan Allanson now beneficially holds 180,694 shares, Graham Prothero holds 93,032 shares, and Simon Topliss holds 4,868 shares. Disclaimer* MJ Gleeson PLC 14 April 2026 14 April 2026 MJ Gleeson Plc ("the Company") Notification of Transaction by Directors/PDMRs In accordance with Article 19 of the UK Market Abuse Regulation, the Company was notified on 9 April 2026 that the Directors and Persons Discharging Management Responsibilities ("PDMR") listed below acquired Ordinary shares in the Company in London on 7 April 2026 at a purchase price of £2.57 per Ordinary Share as a result of their participation in the Company's Dividend Re-Investment Plans ("DRIP"). Following this transaction: - Stefan Allanson is beneficially interested in 180,694 ordinary shares of £0.02 each; - Graham Prothero is beneficially interested in 93,032 ordinary shares of £0.02 each; and - Simon Topliss is beneficially interested in 4,868 ordinary shares of £0.02 each. This information set out below is provided in accordance with the requirements of the UK Market Abuse Regulation. 1. Details of the issuer or emission allowance market participant a) Full name of the entity MJ Gleeson Plc b) Legal Entity Identifier code 21380064K7N2W7FD6434 2. Reasons for the notification a) Position / status Chief Financial Officer b) Initial notification / amendment Initial notification 3. Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities (PDMR) / person closely associated with a PDMR (PCA) a) Is this a PDMR or PCA submission? PDMR b First Name Stefan b) Last Name Allanson 4. Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of instrument Share b) Identification Code GB00BRKD9Z53 c) Nature of the transaction Acquisition of Ordinary Shares of £0.02 each pursuant to a Dividend Re-investment Plans ('DRIP') d) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) £2.57 per share 80 shares Note: this was a single transaction. e) Aggregated information - Aggregated volume - Price Not applicable - single transaction. f) Date of the transaction 2026-04-07 g) Place of the transaction London Stock Exchange (XLON) 1. Details of the issuer or emission allowance market participant a) Full name of the entity MJ Gleeson Plc b) Legal Entity Identifier code 21380064K7N2W7FD6434 2. Reasons for the notification a) Position / status Chief Executive Officer b) Initial notification / amendment Initial notification 3. Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities (PDMR) / person closely associated with a PDMR (PCA) a) Is this a PDMR or PCA submission? PDMR b First Name Graham b) Last Name Prothero 4. Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of instrument Share b) Identification Code GB00BRKD9Z53 c) Nature of the transaction Acquisition of Ordinary Shares of £0.02 each pursuant to a Dividend Re-investment Plans ('DRIP') d) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) £2.57 per share 24 shares Note: this was a single transaction. e) Aggregated information - Aggregated volume - Price Not applicable - single transaction. f) Date of the transaction 2026-04-07 g) Place of the transaction London Stock Exchange (XLON) 1. Details of the issuer or emission allowance market participant a) Full name of the entity MJ Gleeson Plc b) Legal Entity Identifier code 21380064K7N2W7FD6434 2. Reasons for the notification a) Position / status Chief Operating Officer (Gleeson Homes) b) Initial notification / amendment Initial notification 3. Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities (PDMR) / person closely associated with a PDMR (PCA) a) Is this a PDMR or PCA submission? PDMR b First Name Simon b) Last Name Topliss 4. Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of instrument Share b) Identification Code GB00BRKD9Z53 c) Nature of the transaction Acquisition of Ordinary Shares of £0.02 each pursuant to a Dividend Re-investment Plans ('DRIP') d) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) £2.57 per share 73 shares Note: this was a single transaction. e) Aggregated information - Aggregated volume - Price Not applicable - single transaction. f) Date of the transaction 2026-04-07 g) Place of the transaction London Stock Exchange (XLON) Enquiries: Leanne Johnson Company Secretary MJ Gleeson plc Tel: 01142 612900 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies MJ Gleeson (GLE) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 hour ago FRP Advisory Group 1 hour ago Close Brothers Group 2 hours ago Barclays 2 hours ago PZ Cussons 2 hours ago Senior All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and