BETA Close X On October 23, 2025, MJ Gleeson PLC granted nil-cost share options under its Long Term Incentive Plan to Directors and PDMRs. Chief Executive Officer Graham Prothero received options over 247,099 shares, while Chief Financial Officer Stefan Allanson was granted options over 153,654 shares. Company Secretary Leanne Johnson received options over 15,297 shares, and Chief Operating Officer (Gleeson Homes) Simon Topliss received options over 30,453 shares. The share price used to calculate the number of shares was 353p. Vesting for Graham Prothero and Stefan Allanson is conditional on performance targets over three years ending June 30, 2028. Disclaimer* MJ Gleeson PLC 24 October 2025 MJ GLEESON plc Incorporated in England and Wales Registration number: 09268016 LEI: 21380064K7N2W7FD6434 ISIN: GB00BRKD9Z53 24 October 2025 MJ Gleeson Plc ("the Company") LTIP Options to Directors and PDMRs The Company announces that on 23 October 2025 under the Company's Long Term Incentive Plan (the "Plan"), that the Directors and Persons Discharging Management Responsibilities ("PDMR") listed below were granted nil-cost share options (each an "Option") over Ordinary Shares of 2p each in the Company ("Shares") as follows: DIRECTOR / PDMR Number of Shares subject to Option Graham Prothero (Chief Executive Officer) 247,099 Stefan Allanson (Chief Financial Officer) 153,654 Leanne Johnson (Company Secretary) 15,297 Simon Topliss (Chief Operating Officer, Gleeson Homes) 30,453 Each Option was granted pursuant to the Plan approved by shareholders in December 2016 and amended by the Board in accordance with paragraph 19.2 of the Plan, in September 2023. No consideration was paid for the grant of the Options. The number of Shares subject to each Option was calculated based on a share price of 353p, being the mid-market closing price, as derived from the London Stock Exchange daily Official List, for dealings on 22 October 2025. For Graham Prothero and Stefan Allanson, vesting of each Option is conditional upon achieving certain performance targets over the three-year performance period ending 30 June 2028 and continued service (save for good leaver treatment) through to the assessment of the performance targets. Full details of the performance targets are disclosed in the Company's FY25 Annual Report and, to the extent they become vested, the Options will normally become exercisable when Company announces its financial results for the financial year ending 30 June 2030. For the PDMRs the Options are subject to a performance underpin condition and a continued service requirement through to the time vesting of the Options. To the extent they become vested, the Options will normally become exercisable when Company announces its financial results for the financial year ending 30 June 2028. Enquiries: Leanne Johnson Head of Legal and Company Secretary MJ Gleeson plc Tel: 01142 612 900 The Notification of Dealing Forms set out below are provided in accordance with the requirements of the UK Market Abuse Regulation. 1. Details of PDMR / person closely associated with them ('CAP') a) First Name Graham b) Last Name Prothero 2. Reasons for the notification a) Position / status Chief Executive Officer b) Initial notification / amendment Initial Notification 3. Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Full name of the entity MJ Gleeson Plc b) Legal Entity Identifier code 21380064K7N2W7FD6434 4. Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument Identification Code Ordinary Shares of £0.02 each GB00BRKD9Z53 b) Nature of the transaction Grant of a nil cost Option over Ordinary Shares under the Company's LTIP c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) Nil 247,099 d) Aggregated information - Aggregated volume - Price Not applicable - single transaction e) Date of the transaction 23 October 2025 f) Place of the transaction Outside a trading venue 1. Details of PDMR / person closely associated with them ('CAP') a) First Name Stefan b) Last Name Allanson 2. Reasons for the notification a) Position / status Chief Financial Officer b) Initial notification / amendment Initial Notification 3. Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Full name of the entity MJ Gleeson Plc b) Legal Entity Identifier code 21380064K7N2W7FD6434 4. Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument Identification Code Ordinary Shares of £0.02 each GB00BRKD9Z53 b) Nature of the transaction Grant of a nil cost Option over Ordinary Shares under the Company's LTIP c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) Nil 153,654 d) Aggregated information - Aggregated volume - Price Not applicable - single transaction e) Date of the transaction 23 October 2025 f) Place of the transaction Outside a trading venue 1. Details of PDMR / person closely associated with them ('CAP') a) First Name Leanne b) Last Name Johnson 2. Reasons for the notification a) Position / status Company Secretary b) Initial notification / amendment Initial Notification 3. Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Full name of the entity MJ Gleeson Plc b) Legal Entity Identifier code 21380064K7N2W7FD6434 4. Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument Identification Code Ordinary Shares of £0.02 each GB00BRKD9Z53 b) Nature of the transaction Grant of a nil cost Option over Ordinary Shares under the Company's LTIP. c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) Nil 15,297 d) Aggregated information - Aggregated volume - Price Not applicable- single transaction e) Date of the transaction 23 October 2025 f) Place of the transaction Outside a trading venue 1. Details of PDMR / person closely associated with them ('CAP') a) First Name Simon b) Last Name Topliss 2. Reasons for the notification a) Position / status Chief Operating Officer (Gleeson Homes) b) Initial notification / amendment Initial Notification 3. Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Full name of the entity MJ Gleeson Plc b) Legal Entity Identifier code 21380064K7N2W7FD6434 4. Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument Identification Code Ordinary Shares of £0.02 each GB00BRKD9Z53 b) Nature of the transaction Grant of a nil cost Option over Ordinary Shares under the Company's LTIP. c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) Nil 30,453 d) Aggregated information - Aggregated volume - Price Not applicable- single transaction e) Date of the transaction 23 October 2025 f) Place of the transaction Outside a trading venue This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies MJ Gleeson (GLE) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 hour ago FRP Advisory Group 1 hour ago Close Brothers Group 1 hour ago Barclays 1 hour ago PZ Cussons 1 hour ago Senior All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and