Directorate Change MJ Gleeson PLC 04 July 2025 MJ Gleeson plc ("the Group" or "the Company") Appointments of Chair and Senior Independent Director and search for non-executive Director The Board is pleased to announce that, following a comprehensive process, it has appointed Fiona Goldsmith, currently interim Chair, as Chair with immediate effect. Fiona was appointed to the Board in October 2019 having previously held senior executive finance roles at First Choice Holidays plc and Land Securities Group plc. Fiona was also previously a non-executive Director at Walker Greenbank plc. Currently, Fiona is non-executive Director and Chair of the Audit and Risk Committee of KCOM Group Limited. The Board is also pleased to announce that Nicola Bruce has been appointed Senior Independent Director with immediate effect. Nicola, who joined the Board in March 2023, will remain Chair of the Remuneration Committee and continue to sit on the Audit and Nomination Committees. The Board has initiated a search process for a new independent non-executive Director who will additionally assume the role of Chair of the Audit Committee. Fiona Goldsmith commented: "I am delighted to be appointed Chair. Since joining the Board of MJ Gleeson, I have been impressed with the business and the colleagues who work tirelessly to build affordable high quality homes for the people who need them most. "I look forward to working with my Board colleagues and supporting Graham Prothero, and his executive team, as we deliver on our strategy to significantly grow the business over the medium term." Enquiries: MJ Gleeson plc Tel: +44 1142 612 900 Graham Prothero, Chief Executive Officer Stefan Allanson, Chief Financial Officer Invicomm (Financial PR) mjgleeson@invicomm.com Mark Garraway Tel: +44 7771 860938 Kim Looringh-van Beeck Tel: +44 20 3422 0208 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies MJ Gleeson (GLE) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 18 minutes ago Safestore Holdings 1 hour ago CMC Markets 2 hours ago IMI 2 hours ago Softcat 2 hours ago NewRiver REIT All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and