BETA Close X MJ Gleeson PLC has announced that its Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer will host a live interactive presentation on the Engage Investor platform on Thursday, 12 February 2026, at 14:30 to discuss the company's half-year results for the period ended 31 December 2025. Investors can register for free to attend this event and follow the company from their personalised investor hub. Disclaimer* MJ Gleeson PLC 09 February 2026 MJ Gleeson PLC Presentation of Half Year Results for the year ended 31 December 2025 on Engage Investor platform (Thursday, 12 February 2026) at 14:30 MJ Gleeson Plc, the leading affordable housebuilder and strategic land promoter, is pleased to confirm that Graham Prothero, Chief Executive Officer, and Stefan Allanson, Chief Financial Officer, will host a live interactive presentation on the Engage Investor platform, at 14:30 on Thursday, 12 February. Investors can sign up to Engage Investor at no cost and follow MJ Gleeson Plc from their personalised investor hub. Register interest in this event here: https://engageinvestor.news/GLE_IP_0226 -ends- MJ Gleeson plc Tel: +44 1142 612 900 Graham Prothero, Chief Executive Officer Stefan Allanson, Chief Financial Officer Invicomm (Financial PR) mjgleeson@invicomm.com Mark Garraway Tel: +44 7771 860938 Kim Looringh-van Beeck Tel: +44 20 3422 0208 Singer Capital Markets (Joint Broker) Tel: +44 20 7496 3000 Shaun Dobson Charles Leigh-Pemberton Peel Hunt LLP (Joint Broker) Tel: +44 20 7418 8900 Ed Allsopp Tom Graham About MJ Gleeson plc MJ Gleeson plc comprises two divisions: Gleeson Homes and Gleeson Land. Gleeson Homes, under the banner of "Building Homes. Changing Lives" builds high-quality affordable homes across the Midlands and North of England. To meet customer demand, and without compromising affordability, the range of homes available extends from one-bed apartments to five-bedroom houses. With a two-bedroom home available from £100,000, a key objective is to ensure that on all of our developments, a meaningful proportion of homes are affordable to a couple earning the National Living Wage. Buying a Gleeson home typically costs less than renting a similar property. All Gleeson homes are traditional brick built semi or detached homes. As a high-quality, affordable housebuilder, Gleeson has strong and inherent sustainability credentials. Its social purpose underpins the Company's strategy and Gleeson measures itself closely against UN SDGs 5, 8, 11, 12, 13 and 15. More details on the Company's approach to sustainability can be found at: www.mjgleesonplc.com/sustainability . Gleeson Land, which operates under the banner of 'Promoting Land. Unlocking Value' is the Group's land promotion division operating in the South, West and Central England. Gleeson Land identifies development opportunities and works with landowners and stakeholders to both enhance the value of the property and to promote land through the residential planning system, ultimately managing the sale of these sites to other developers on behalf of landowners. This information is provided by Reach, the non-regulatory press release distribution service of RNS, part of the London Stock Exchange. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies MJ Gleeson (GLE) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 18 minutes ago Safestore Holdings 1 hour ago CMC Markets 2 hours ago IMI 2 hours ago Softcat 2 hours ago NewRiver REIT All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and