BETA Close X MJ Gleeson plc expects full-year results to be in line with market expectations, reporting a robust performance for the half-year ended 31 December 2025 with 848 homes sold, a 6% increase year-on-year. Net reservation rates improved to 0.75 per site per week, and the forward order book stands at 978 plots. Gleeson Land saw strong demand for prime consented sites, submitting 15 planning applications in the period. The Group ended the period with net debt of £22.5 million. Disclaimer* MJ Gleeson PLC 16 January 2026 MJ Gleeson plc ("MJ Gleeson" or the "Group") Trading Update & Notice of Interim Results MJ Gleeson plc issues a trading update for the half-year ended 31 December 2025 (the "Period"). The Company will report its results for the Period on 11 February 2026. The Board expects the Group's results for the full year will be in line with current market expectations 1 . Gleeson Homes Demand for new homes remained subdued but steady through the Period with buyers' lack of confidence in the current economic environment compounded further by commentary during the run-up to the late Autumn Budget. With Budget concerns fading and following the interest rate cut in December, we expect to see an improvement in open market sales through the Spring selling season. On that basis, we remain confident in our forecast for FY2026. We are focused on rebuilding our margin performance and are targeting higher selling prices alongside an increase in volumes to mitigate the use of incentives, build cost inflation and an increasing regulatory burden. Gleeson Homes delivered a robust performance in the Period and will report the sale of 848 homes, circa 6% more than the same period last year (H1 FY2025: 801 homes). Net reservation rates during the Period increased to 0.75 per site per week (0.48 excluding bulk reservations) from 0.55 per site per week (0.44 excluding bulk reservations) during the same period last year. Gleeson Homes enters the second half of the current financial year with a forward order book of 978 plots (31 December 2024: 597 plots) of which circa 650 sales are expected before the financial year end. We are pleased with the performance improvements delivered to date under Project Transform and have implemented further changes to complete the operational restructure and ensure our overhead is as lean as possible. The related costs will be recognised as exceptional during the year. Resource-constrained local planning continues to impede progress on opening new sites. Since the start of FY2026 Gleeson Homes has opened 9 new build sites (H1 FY2025: 8 sites) and 7 new sites have commenced sales (H1 FY2025: 11 sites). Gleeson Homes is currently selling on 53 sites (31 December 2024: 65 sites). Gleeson Partnerships delivered its first homes during the Period and continues to see strong interest from both private rental investors and housing associations, though most of the latter still await receipt of monies under the Government's new funding settlement. Gleeson Land Gleeson Land completed the sale of 3 sites in the Period and a further 5 sites are in an active sale process. Demand for prime consented sites continues to be strong. As communicated at the time of the FY2025 results, the timing of one sale, which represents approximately 50% of total plots forecast to be sold during the year, is dependent on the final technical agreement of the highways design. Our recent success in securing new sites for promotion has been followed by intense activity in planning, and the division submitted 15 applications during the first half of this financial year (H1 FY2025: 2 submissions). We achieved two planning consents in the Period, and have planning permission for all sites anticipated to be sold in the current year. The Group ended the Period with net debt of £22.5 million (31 December 2024: £18.1 million net debt). Graham Prothero, CEO of MJ Gleeson, commented: "We are pleased to have delivered a solid performance in a subdued market. We now expect to see an improvement in new home sales through the Spring selling season on the back of last month's rate cut, and as uncertainty in the run-up to the Budget continues to subside. "Meanwhile, we are working hard on operational efficiency and effectiveness to ensure Gleeson Homes is in the best shape possible to capitalise on the significant growth opportunities we see ahead. "Along with increasing momentum at Gleeson Land, we are confident that the Group is in a strong position to deliver on its strategic objectives." 1 Analyst consensus for FY2026 can be found at: https://www.mjgleesonplc.com/investors/analyst-coverage/ Enquiries: MJ Gleeson plc +44 1142 612 900 Graham Prothero, Chief Executive Officer Stefan Allanson, Chief Financial Officer Invicomm (Financial PR) mjgleeson@invicomm.com Mark Garraway +44 7771 860938 Kim Looringh-van Beeck +44 20 3422 0208 Singer Capital Markets (Joint broker) 44 20 7496 3000 Shaun Dobson Charles Leigh-Pemberton Peel Hunt (Joint broker) +44 20 7418 8900 Ed Allsopp Tom Graham For the purposes of UK MAR, the person responsible for arranging for the release of this information on behalf of MJ Gleeson plc is Stefan Allanson, Chief Financial Officer LEI: 21380064K7N2W7FD6434 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies MJ Gleeson (GLE) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 18 minutes ago Safestore Holdings 1 hour ago CMC Markets 2 hours ago IMI 2 hours ago Softcat 2 hours ago NewRiver REIT All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and