BETA Close X MJ Gleeson Plc announced that Fiona Goldsmith, the Chair, acquired 3,000 ordinary shares at £2.44 per share on May 7, 2026. Following this transaction, her total shareholding amounts to 40,000 shares, representing 0.0685% of the company's issued share capital. This acquisition was conducted on the London Stock Exchange. Disclaimer* MJ Gleeson PLC 07 May 2026 7 May 2026 MJ Gleeson Plc ("the Company") Notification of Transaction by Directors/PDMRs In accordance with the UK Market Abuse Regulation, the Company was notified on 7 May 2026 that Fiona Goldsmith, Chair of the Company, acquired 3,000 Ordinary shares in the Company in London on 7 May 2026 at a purchase price of £2.44 per Ordinary Share. Following the purchase, Fiona Goldsmith's shareholding is as follows: Director/PDMR Total held Percentage of Issued Share Capital Fiona Goldsmith (PDMR) 40,000 0.0685% This information set out below is provided in accordance with the requirements of the UK Market Abuse Regulation. 1. Details of the issuer or emission allowance market participant a) Full name of the entity MJ Gleeson Plc b) Legal Entity Identifier code 21380064K7N2W7FD6434 2. Reasons for the notification a) Position / status Chair of the Company b) Initial notification / amendment Initial notification 3. Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities (PDMR) / person closely associated with a PDMR (PCA) a) Is this a PDMR or PCA submission? PDMR b First Name Fiona b) Last Name Goldsmith 4. Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of instrument Share b) Identification Code GB00BRKD9Z53 c) Nature of the transaction Acquisition of Ordinary Shares of £0.02 each d) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) £2.44 per share 3,000 shares Note: this was a single transaction. e) Aggregated information - Aggregated volume - Price Not applicable - single transaction. f) Date of the transaction 2026-05-07 g) Place of the transaction London Stock Exchange (XLON) Enquiries: Leanne Johnson Company Secretary MJ Gleeson plc Tel: 01142 612900 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies MJ Gleeson (GLE) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 18 minutes ago Lloyds Banking Group 1 hour ago Ninety One 2 hours ago Marshalls 2 hours ago Marshalls 3 hours ago OSB Group All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and