Notice of Full-Year Results and Presentation MJ Gleeson PLC 13 August 2025 MJ Gleeson plc (the "Company") Notice of Full-Year Results and Presentation Appointment of Corporate Broker MJ Gleeson plc, the leading affordable housebuilder and land promoter, will publish its audited results for the 12 months ended 30 June 2025 ("FY2025") on Tuesday, 16 September 2025. Graham Prothero, Chief Executive Officer, and Stefan Allanson, Chief Financial Officer, will hold an analyst meeting at 09:30 that morning at the Storey Club, 100 Liverpool Street, London EC2M 2AT. The presentation will also be live-streamed via a webcast, the login details of which will be available in the FY2025 announcement. A recording of the presentation and a copy of the slides will be available shortly following the event on the Company's website at https://www.mjgleesonplc.com/investors/reports-and-results. The Company also announces that it has appointed Peel Hunt as joint corporate broker, to work alongside Singer Capital Markets, with immediate effect. ENDS Enquiries: MJ Gleeson plc Tel: +44 1142 612 900 Graham Prothero, Chief Executive Officer Stefan Allanson, Chief Financial Officer Invicomm (Financial PR) mjgleeson@invicomm.com Mark Garraway Tel: +44 7771 860938 Kim Looringh-van Beeck Tel: +44 20 3422 0208 Singer Capital Markets (Joint Broker) Tel: +44 20 7496 3000 Charles Leigh Pemberton Oliver Platts Peel Hunt LLP (Joint Broker) Tel: +44 20 7418 8900 Ed Allsopp Pete Mackie Charlie Batten This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies MJ Gleeson (GLE) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 18 minutes ago Safestore Holdings 1 hour ago CMC Markets 2 hours ago IMI 2 hours ago Softcat 2 hours ago NewRiver REIT All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and