Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 28 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 35 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 36 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 64 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 64 Item 9B. Other Information 65 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions That Prevent Inspections 65 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 66 Item 11. Executive Compensation 66 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 67 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 67 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 67 PART IV Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 68 Item 16 Form 10-K Summary 71 2 PART I I tem 1. Business CAUTIONARY STATEMENT Statements in this report and the schedules hereto that are not purely historical facts or that necessarily depend upon future events, including statements about expected market share gains, forecasted financial performance, industry and business outlook or other statements about anticipations, beliefs, expectations, hopes, intentions or strategies for the future, may be statements within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”). Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on statements. In addition, oral statements made by the Company’s directors, officers and employees to the investor and analyst communities, media representatives and others, depending upon their nature, may also constitute statements. All statements are based upon currently available information and the Company’s current assumptions, expectations and projections about future events. statements are by nature inherently uncertain, and actual results or events may differ materially from the results or events described in the statements as a result of many factors. The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. statements involve risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond the Company’s control or may be currently unknown to the Company, that could cause actual events or results to differ materially from the events or results described in the statements; such risks or uncertainties include those related to the Company’s growth strategies, including acquisitions, organic growth and digital and technology strategies, including the Company’s ability to drive growth by incorporating artificial intelligence and machine learning solutions into its platform, or the dependence of the Company’s revenues and operating results on, among other things, the homebuilding industry and, to a lesser extent, repair and remodel activity, which in each case is dependent on economic conditions, including inflation, interest rates, home size and affordability, consumer confidence, labor and supply shortages, tariffs and duties and also lumber and other commodity prices, which may be impacted by changes in tariffs and duties. The Company may not succeed in addressing these and other risks. Further information regarding the risk factors that could affect the Company’s financial and other results can be found in Item 1A of this annual report on Form 10-K and may also be described from time to time in the other reports the Company files with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”). Consequently, all statements in this report are qualified by the factors, risks and uncertainties contained therein. OVERVIEW We are a leading provider of building materials for professional builders in new residential construction and repair and remodeling. We deliver integrated homebuilding solutions by manufacturing, supplying, and installing a full range of structural and related building products. The Company operates approximately 585 locations in 43 states across the United States (“U.S.”), which are internally organized into geographic operating divisions. Due to the similar economic characteristics, categories of products, distribution methods and customers, our operating divisions are aggregated into one reportable segment. Our leading network of strategically located manufacturing facilities produces roof and floor trusses, wall panels, vinyl windows, custom millwork and trim, manufactured and modular homes, as well as engineered wood that we design and cut specifically for each home. We also assemble interior and exterior doors into units for easy installation. Additionally, we distribute a wide range of building products, including lumber, sheet goods, windows, doors, millwork, and specialty items. Our services, which vary by market, include professional installation, turnkey framing, and shell construction. Supported by the latest construction innovations and digital solutions, we help drive greater efficiency across homebuilding. Builders FirstSource, Inc. is a Delaware corporation formed in 1998 as BSL Holdings, Inc. On October 13, 1999, our name changed to Builders FirstSource, Inc. Our common stock is dual listed on the New York Stock Exchange (“NYSE”) and the NYSE Texas, Inc. (the “NYSE Texas”) under the trading symbol “BLDR”. The listing and trading of the common stock on the NYSE Texas commenced on August 12, 2025. OUR INDUSTRY We operate in the professional segment (“Pro Segment”) of the U.S. residential building products supply market. Customers in the Pro Segment primarily include production and custom homebuilders, remodeling contractors, and builders. The industry remains highly fragmented with competition from large national dealers, specialty dealers, large building supply retailers, regional and local material distributors and smaller privately owned suppliers, truss manufacturers and lumberyards. As such, the industry presents significant opportunities for growth and attractive acquisition opportunities. 3 The residential building products industry is driven by the level of activity in both the U.S. residential new construction market and the U.S. residential repair and remodeling market. Growth within these markets is linked to a number of key factors, including demographic trends, housing demand, housing trends including the size of new homes, interest rates, employment levels, availability of credit, foreclosure rates, consumer confidence, the availability of qualified tradesmen, and the state of the economy in general. The residential building products industry is characterized by several key trends, including greater utilization of manufactured components, an expanding role of the distributor in providing services and a consolidation of suppliers by homebuilders, as described in more detail below. Additionally, there is increasing interest in using digital solutions to help drive efficiencies throughout the construction industry. • Prefabricated components : Compared to conventional “ ” construction where builders cut and assemble lumber at the job site with their own labor, prefabricated components are engineered in an offsite location using specialized equipment and labor. This outsourced task allows for optimal material usage, lower overall labor costs and improved quality of structural elements. In addition, using prefabricated components typically results in faster construction because fabrication can be automated and performed more systematically. As such, we believe there is a trend towards increased use of prefabricated components by homebuilders. • Turn - key services : Many homebuilders have taken a more limited role in the homebuilding process and have outsourced certain key elements of the construction process, including process management, product selection, order input, scheduling, framing and installation. As such, we believe that many homebuilders are increasingly looking to suppliers in the Pro Segment to perform these critical functions, resulting in greater demand for integrated project services. • Consolidation of suppliers by homebuilders : We believe that homebuilders are increasingly looking to consolidate their supplier base. Many homebuilders are seeking a more strategic relationship with suppliers that are able to offer a broad range of products and services and, as a result, are allocating a greater share of wallet to a select number of larger, suppliers. OUR CUSTOMERS We serve a broad customer base across the U.S. We have a diverse geographic footprint, as we have operations in 48 of the top 50 and 94 of the top 100 U.S. Core Based Statistical Areas (“CBSAs”), which include Metropolitan Statistical Areas and Micropolitan Statistical Areas, as ranked by single family housing permits based on available 2025 U.S. Census data. Given the local nature of our business, we have historically and will continue to locate our facilities in close proximity to our key customers and multiple operations in one facility to improve efficiency. We have a diversified customer base, ranging from large production builders to small custom homebuilders, as well as builders, repair and remodeling contractors and light commercial contractors. For the year ended December 31, 2025, our top 10 customers accounted for 14% of net sales, with our largest customer accounting for 4% of net sales. Our largest customers are comprised primarily of the largest national production homebuilders, including D.R. Horton, Inc., Lennar Corporation, Pulte Homes, Inc., Toll Brothers Inc, and Meritage Homes. In addition to the largest production homebuilders, we also service and supply regional production and local custom homebuilders as well as repair and remodeling contractors and builders. These customers require high levels of service and a broad product offering. Our sales team works closely with the designers on a basis in order to ensure the appropriate products are identified, ordered or produced and delivered on time to the building site. To account for these increased service costs, pricing in the industry is tied to the level of service provided and the volumes purchased. Servicing a broad range of homebuilders, including and builders, and remodeling contractors allows us to more effectively manage market conditions that may have an outsized adverse impact on a specific customer segment. OUR PRODUCTS AND SERVICES We group our building products and services into four product categories: Manufactured Products. Manufactured products are substitutes for framing and include wood floor and roof trusses, wall panels, and engineered wood that we design, cut, and assemble for each home. Manufactured products also include our proprietary framing solution, ® , which designs, , labels, and bundles lumber into customized framing packages, saving builders both time and money and improving safety. Our manufactured products allow builders to build higher quality homes more efficiently and produce less waste. Roof trusses, floor trusses, and wall panels are built in a environment. Engineered floors and beams are cut to the required size and packaged for the given application at many of our locations. Without manufactured products, builders construct these items , where weather and variable labor quality can 4 negatively impact construction cost, quality and installation time. In addition, engineered wood beams have greater structural strength than conventional framing materials, allowing builders to frame houses with more open space creating a wider variety of house designs. Engineered wood floors and floor trusses are also stronger and straighter than conventionally framed floors. Some products in this category are constructed using lumber and lumber sheet goods, therefore this category does have limited exposure to commodity price fluctuations. We also produce a broad range of manufactured and modular homes, built in a temperature-controlled facility under our Pine Grove Homes and Pleasant Valley Homes brand names. We maintain a broad portfolio of manufactured housing plans including ranch, community, and homes, which can range from 1,000 square feet to approximately 2,000 square feet. Currently, the majority of these manufactured homes are constructed in accordance with the regulations and rules of the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development (“HUD”). Our modular homes include ranch, cape, chalet, and colonial home types, with can range from 1,000 square feet to approximately 2,500 square feet. Windows, Doors and Millwork. Windows and doors are comprised of the manufacturing, assembly and distribution of windows, and the assembly and distribution of interior and exterior door units. We manufacture a portion of the vinyl windows that we distribute in our Houston, Texas plant which allows us to supply builders, primarily in the Texas market, with products. Our interior and exterior doors consist of a door slab with hinges and door jambs attached, reducing installation time and providing higher quality finished door units than those constructed . These products typically require a high degree of product knowledge and training to sell. Millwork includes interior trim and custom features, including those that we manufacture under the Synboard ® brand name. Synboard is produced from extruded PVC and offers several advantages over traditional wood features, such as greater durability and no ongoing maintenance, such as periodic caulking and painting. Specialty Building Products and Services. Specialty building products and services consist of various products, including vinyl, composite and wood siding, exterior trim, metal studs, cement, roofing, insulation, wallboard, ceilings, cabinets and hardware. This category also includes services such as framing, shell construction, design assistance and professional installation of products spanning all of our product categories. We provide professional installation and services as a solution for our homebuilder customers. Through our installation services program, we help homebuilders realize efficiencies through improved scheduling, resulting in reduced cycle time and better cost controls. By utilizing an energy efficiency software program, we also assist homebuilders in designing energy efficient homes in order to meet increasingly stringent energy rating requirements. Upgrading to our premium windows, doors, and insulating products can reduce overall cost to the homebuilder by minimizing costs of the required heating/cooling system. We work closely with the homebuilder to select the appropriate mix of our products to meet current and forthcoming energy codes. We believe these services require scale, capital and sophistication that smaller competitors do not possess. We also offer software products through our Paradigm subsidiary, including drafting, estimating, quoting, and virtual home design services, which provide software solutions to retailers, distributors, manufacturers and homebuilders that help them boost sales, reduce costs, and become more competitive. We believe that the homebuilding and remodeling industries are increasingly adopting digital solutions and that we are to take advantage of these trends because of our scale and continuous investments in digital technologies through our Paradigm business. Lumber and Lumber Sheet Goods. Lumber and lumber sheet goods include dimensional lumber, plywood and oriented strand board (“OSB”) products used in house framing. The products in this category are highly sensitive to fluctuations in market prices for such commodities. We compete in a highly competitive and fragmented marketplace. We believe our integrated approach and scale allow us to compete effectively through our comprehensive product lines, prefabricated components and services, combined with the knowledge of our integrated sales force to enable our homebuilder customers to complete construction more quickly, with higher quality and at a lower cost. While we expect these benefits to be particularly valuable to our customers in market environments characterized by labor shortages and sourcing challenges, we expect such benefits will also be increasingly valued and demanded by our customers operating under normal market conditions. MANUFACTURING Our manufacturing facilities utilize industry leading technology and materials to improve product quality, increase efficiency, reduce lead times and minimize production errors. We manufacture products within two of our product categories: manufactured products, and windows, doors and millwork. Manufactured Products — Trusses and Wall Panels. Truss and wall panel production has two steps — design and fabrication. Each house requires its own set of designed shop drawings, which vary by builder type between production and custom builders. Production builders use prototype house plans as they replicate houses. These house plans may be minimally modified to suit individual customer demand. We maintain an electronic master file of trusses and wall panels for each builder’s prototype houses. For custom builders, the components are designed individually for each house. We download the shop drawings from our design department to computerized saws. We assemble the cut lumber to form roof trusses, floor trusses or wall panels, before shipping the 5 finished components by house to the job site. In addition, we offer our ® framing system which uses specialty software to calculate lumber needs to provide and labeled packages delivered and ready to assemble on the job site. Manufactured Products — Engineered Wood. As with trusses and wall panels, engineered wood components have design and fabrication steps. We design engineered wood floors using a master filing system similar to the truss and wall panel system. Engineered wood beams are designed to ensure the beam will be structurally sound in the given application. After the design phase, a printed layout is generated. We use this layout to cut the engineered wood to the required length and assemble all of the components into a house package. We design and fabricate engineered wood at many of our distribution locations. Custom Millwork. Our manufactured custom millwork consists primarily of interior and exterior door systems, intricate interior and exterior mouldings, custom and premium windows, finish hardware, stair parts, mantels and columns units. Windows. We manufacture a full line of traditional vinyl windows at a manufacturing facility located in Houston, Texas. The process begins by purchasing vinyl lineal extrusions. We cut these extrusions to size and join them together to form the window frame and sash. We then purchase sheet glass and cut it to size. We combine two pieces of identically shaped glass with a sealing compound to create a glass unit with improved insulating capability. We then insert the sealed glass unit and glaze it into the window frame and sash. The unit is completed when we install a balance to operate the window and add a lock to secure the window in a closed position. Doors. We manufacture interior and exterior doors at many of our locations. We insert door slabs and door jambs into a door machine, which bores holes into the doors for the door hardware and applies the jambs and hinges to the door slab. We then apply the casing that frames interior doors at a separate station. Exterior doors do not have a casing, and instead may have sidelights applied to the sides of the door, a transom attached over the top of the door unit and a door sill applied to the threshold. OUR STRATEGY By pursuing the Company’s clear strategic pillars as outlined below, we intend to build on our advantaged market position to create value for our shareholders by increasing profits and net cash flow generation, while making us a more valuable partner to our customers. The resulting cash flow should provide meaningful opportunities for increased investment in organic and acquisitive growth that preserves our balance sheet strength, grows our return on invested capital and returns capital to our shareholders. Organic Growth of Products and Services Maximize our share of wallet by capturing growth in our higher margin products . We believe our national manufacturing footprint and differentiated capabilities will allow us to capture growth in our higher margin products, including trusses, wall panels and millwork. We believe our products address the growing demand for ways to build homes more efficiently, addressing labor constraints and rising costs. We plan to accelerate this growth by further expanding our national manufacturing footprint to serve locations that do not currently have adequate access to these higher margin products. By focusing on our differentiated platform and broad product mix, we are able to offer a complete array of products and services that would otherwise need to be sourced from various distributors, providing us an opportunity to capture a greater share of wallet. This operational platform often will make us a preferred distributor for national homebuilders as well as local and custom homebuilders looking for more efficient ways to build a home. We have also made significant investments in digital solutions that we believe position us to take advantage of digitization trends in the homebuilding and remodel industries. We believe that customers continue to place an increased value on these capabilities, which further differentiates us from our competitors. Leverage our competitive strengths to capitalize on housing market share . We intend to leverage our core business strengths including local market presence, national footprint, unmatched scale in manufacturing capability, breadth of product portfolio, and end market exposure to expand our sales and profit margins. Our customers continue to emphasize the importance of local access, competitive pricing, a broad product portfolio, sales force knowledge, manufactured products, services and overall “ease of use” with their building products suppliers. Our comprehensive product offering, experienced sales force, strong strategic vendor relationships, location coverage in important markets, and tenured senior management team position us well to capitalize on demand in the new home construction market and the repair and remodel segment. Our large delivery fleet, professional drivers, locations, and comprehensive inventory management enable us to provide “ ” product delivery, ensuring a smoother and faster production cycle for the homebuilder. Our comprehensive network of products, services and facilities provides a strategically advantaged service model which enhances our value to our customers and provides a strong platform to drive 6 growth. We have also expanded our operational footprint in the and light commercial markets to position us for further growth in these end markets. Invest in Innovation and Drive Operational Excellence Optimize our highly scalable cost structure with operational excellence initiatives . We continue to focus on standardizing and automating processes and workflows to minimize costs, streamline our operations and enhance working capital efficiency. We are implementing operational excellence initiatives that are designed to further improve efficiency, as well as customer service. These initiatives, including distribution and logistics, pricing and margin management, efficiencies, customer integration and process improvements, should yield significant cost savings. The scope and scale of our existing infrastructure, customer base, and logistical capabilities mean that improvements in efficiency, when replicated across our network, can yield substantial profit margin expansion. Continue to Build our Culture We remain focused on putting our people first . Our team members are a critical resource, and every single one plays a meaningful role in our success. Strengthening talent acquisition, development, and retention ensures we continue to attract and grow the skilled workforce that drives our business forward. Our team members represent the Company every day in the communities we serve, and their commitment to serving our customers is a fundamental component of our performance. We are equally committed to their well‑being, supported by a robust environmental, health, and safety program designed to deliver world‑class safety results and ensure everyone returns home safely. In addition, we have developed programs and put processes in place to help progress our team members’ careers, such as our annual talent week and our Leadership Development Program that focuses on meeting the team member where they are in their development. We strive to maintain a performance-based culture. Corporate social responsibility (“CSR”) strategy . We are also committed to making informed choices that improve our corporate governance, financial strength, operational efficiency, environmental stewardship, community engagement and resource management. Consistent with our core values, our goal is to be recognized by our customers as the preferred supplier, by our employees as a safe, and respectful workplace, by the industry as being at the forefront of innovation, by our stakeholders as an ethical company, and by the communities in which we serve as a good corporate citizen. We recognize that the environmental sustainability of our products is important to us and to our customers. We prioritize purchasing and supplying sustainable wood products led by the Sustainable Forestry Initiative. Helping homebuilders become more productive, more efficient and safer is fundamental to what we do, and we are passionate about building this future together. Disciplined Capital Allocation Pursue strategic acquisitions . The highly fragmented nature of the Pro Segment of the U.S. residential new construction building products supply market presents substantial acquisition opportunities. Our acquisition strategy is focused on pursuing potential acquisitions that present opportunities to add manufacturing capabilities in a relatively short period of time, or that provide opportunities to advance our position in desirable geographies or key product segments. We believe that our proven operating model can be successfully adapted to these markets and where homebuilders, many of whom we currently serve elsewhere, would value our broad product and service offering, professional expertise, and superior customer service. When entering a new market, our strategy is to acquire distributors and subsequently expand their product offerings or add manufacturing facilities while integrating their operations into our centralized platform. This strategy allows us to quickly achieve the scale required to better serve our customers and leverage existing customer relationships in the local market. Our management has shown the capability to effectively and efficiently integrate newly acquired businesses, increase productivity, and drive value. We have successfully integrated over 80 acquisitions since 1998, including the BMC and ProBuild transactions. Consistent capital allocation priorities . In addition to our acquisition strategy, we continue to focus on disciplined capital allocation to drive value creation. We actively monitor our working capital to align our needs with market demand signals and the size of our . We allocate capital to opportunities that we believe maximize returns on investment, including products, digital solutions, and automation. Additionally, our focus remains on maintaining a strong balance sheet, with a low net leverage ratio, providing multiple paths for capital deployment, including returning excess capital to shareholders through opportunistic share repurchases at an attractive cost basis. SALES AND MARKETING We seek to attract and retain customers through exceptional customer service, leading product quality, broad product and service offerings, and competitive pricing. This strategy is centered on building and maintaining strong customer relationships rather than traditional marketing and advertising. We strive to add value for the homebuilders through shorter lead times, lower total project costs, faster project completion and higher quality. We believe by executing this strategy we will continue to generate new business. 7 Our experienced, locally focused sales force is at the core of our sales effort. This sales effort involves deploying salespeople who are skilled in housing construction to meet with a homebuilder’s construction superintendent, local purchasing agent, or local executive with the goal of becoming their primary product supplier. If selected by the homebuilder, the salesperson and his or her team review blueprints for the contracted homes and advise the homebuilder in areas, such as opportunities for cost reduction, increased energy efficiencies, and regional aesthetic preferences. Next, the team determines the specific package of products that are needed to complete the project and schedules a sequence of site deliveries. Our large delivery fleet and comprehensive inventory management systems enable us to provide “ ” product delivery, ensuring a smoother and faster production cycle for the homebuilder. Throughout the construction process, the salesperson makes frequent site visits to ensure timely delivery and proper installation, and to make suggestions for efficiency improvements. We believe this level of service is highly valued by our customers and generates significant customer loyalty. At December 31, 2025, we employed approximately 2,700 sales representatives, who are generally paid a commission based on gross margin dollars collected, and worked with approximately 2,550 sales coordinators and product specialists. MATERIALS AND SUPPLIER RELATIONSHIPS We purchase inventory primarily for distribution, some of which is also utilized in our manufacturing plants. The key materials we purchase include dimensional lumber, OSB and plywood, engineered wood, windows, doors, millwork, and siding. Our largest suppliers are national companies such as Boise Cascade Company, Weyerhaeuser Company, West Fraser Timber Co. Ltd., Specialty Building Products, James Hardie Industries plc, and Mitek Industries Inc. We believe marketplace supply allows us to competitively source most of our requirements without reliance on any particular supplier and that our diversity of suppliers affords us purchasing flexibility. Due to our centralized procurement platform for commodity wood products and corporate oversight of purchasing programs, we believe we are able to maximize the advantages of both our and our suppliers’ broad geographic footprints and negotiate purchases across multiple markets to achieve more favorable contracts with respect to price, terms of sale, and supply. Additionally, for certain customers, we institute purchasing programs on commodity wood products, such as OSB and lumber to align portions of our procurement costs with our customer pricing commitments. We balance our OSB and lumber purchases with a mix of contract and spot market purchases to ensure a consistent supply of products necessary to fulfill customer contracts, to source products at the lowest possible cost, and to minimize our exposure to the volatility of commodity lumber prices. We currently source products from thousands of suppliers in order to reduce our dependence on any single company and to maximize purchasing leverage. While our largest single supplier represents only 8% of our total materials purchases for the year ended December 31, 2025, we believe we are one of the largest customers for many suppliers, and therefore have significant purchasing leverage. We have found that using multiple suppliers ensures a stable source of products and the best purchasing terms as the suppliers compete to gain and maintain our business. We maintain strong relationships with our suppliers, and we believe opportunities exist to improve purchasing terms in the future, including inventory storage or “ ” delivery to reduce our inventory carrying costs. We will continue to pursue additional procurement cost savings which would further enhance our margins and cash flow. COMPETITION We have and will continue to experience robust competition for homebuilder business due to the highly fragmented nature of the Pro Segment and the relatively low costs of entry into the market. We face competition from other large national dealers that focus on the Pro Segment, including U.S. LBM, 84 Lumber and Carter Lumber; specialty dealers; regional and local building supplies dealers; single and lumber yards; framing contractors; component manufacturers, including UFP Construction and Stark Truss; and millwork operators, such as American Cedar and Millwork, and Western Pacific. The Home Depot, Inc., through its acquisitions of SRS Distribution Inc. and GMS Inc., and Lowe’s Companies Inc., through its acquisition of Foundation Building Materials, continue to reposition themselves to gain market share in the Pro Segment. We believe that we have competitive advantages over our competitors due to our subject matter expertise, customer relationships, local market knowledge, competitive pricing, superior service, broad product offering, and procurement capabilities. We cultivate relationships with professional builders and work to retain our customers by delivering a full range of products on time, and offering trade credit, competitive pricing and integrated service and product packages, such as framing and shell construction, as well as manufactured components and installation. We believe that our local market knowledge, strong customer relationships, superior service, and operational efficiencies allow us to supply our customers, which both enhances profitability and reduces the risk of losing customers to competitors. There are also several competitors who are developing digital solutions for the homebuilding industry that may compete with our existing digital tools suite. We believe that our scale and continuous investments in digital technologies through our Paradigm business uniquely position us to transform our industry through the deployment of our digital solutions. 8 HUMAN CAPITAL At December 31, 2025, we had approximately 28,000 employees. Less than 1% of employees are covered by collective bargaining agreements, and we believe we have generally good relations with these labor unions. Employee levels are managed to align with the pace of business, and management believes it has sufficient human capital to operate its business successfully. Our people are the key to our success and to our continued focus on delivering exceptional customer service and innovative solutions. In managing our human capital, our goal is to ensure team member safety, growth, and development in a environment. By participating in regular surveys and focus groups, we place a strong emphasis on enhancing and increasing the retention and engagement level of our team members. Key areas of the Company’s human capital focus include the following: Workplace Health and Safety We care about our team members and anyone who enters our workplace. We strive to have a strong environmental, health and safety program that focuses on implementing policies and training programs. We also perform and site visits by our Internal Audit department to ensure our team members follow best practices and leave their workplace safely, every day. Over the past several years, we have developed and implemented programs designed to promote workplace safety, with the goal of reducing the frequency and severity of employee injuries. We review and monitor our performance closely by updating our executive team monthly on progress. During 2025, our experience and continued focus on workplace safety enabled us to preserve business continuity without sacrificing our commitment to keeping our team members and workplace visitors safe. We aim to reduce lost time and recordable injuries each year, and in 2025, our Total Recordable Incident Rate remained flat as compared to 2024 and still near historic lows following nine consecutive years of significant improvement. Our long‑term trend continues to reflect meaningful progress driven by stronger safety practices, enhanced training, and increased field engagement. We remain committed to continuous improvement and maintaining a safe work environment for all team members. We also broadly provide accessible safety training to our employees in a number of formats to accommodate the learner’s style, pace, location, and access to technology. Respectful Workplace Culture Our team members are the face of the Company to our customers and the communities in which we operate. Their contributions in serving our customers are a fundamental component in our success, and every single team member makes a difference. Our Company strives to foster a culture that encourages collaboration, flexibility and fairness to enable all team members to perform at their best. We are committed to enhancing our efforts to promote a respectful environment across all aspects of our organization, including providing equal opportunities for professional development and advancement based solely on merit. To further these efforts, we conduct both and online training through our online learning management system. We continue to promote greater awareness, strengthen communication, and reinforce our cultural expectations through our Corporate Inclusion Council and other initiatives. We had record participation in our annual employee engagement survey, demonstrating our team’s willingness to share feedback regarding the Company’s workplace experience. The survey results showed that our team members feel supported professionally, with a positive connection to their workplace, and strong confidence in company leadership. Feedback further illustrates that our team supports our priorities of improving communication throughout the organization, and our continued emphasis on creating clear and supported career paths for our team members. Learning and Development In order to attract and retain top talent, we provide several resources in a variety of formats that promote the ongoing learning and development of our team members. We invest in comprehensive leadership development programs designed to cultivate the critical capabilities essential for driving organizational success and delivering shareholder value. Our curriculum focuses on competencies, including effective communication, , and performance coaching, alongside the visionary leadership required to navigate change with resilience. Furthermore, we provide training in conflict resolution, developmental feedback, and sound , as well as interviewing to ensure talent alignment. Through these strategic efforts, we enhance leadership effectiveness and sustain a culture. Complementing these programs, we continue to invest in accessible learning resources through our online learning management system. Our digital catalog includes approximately 20,000 courses available to all team members. 9 INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY SYSTEMS Our operations are dependent upon our information technology systems, which encompass all of our major business functions. Our primary enterprise resource planning (“ERP”) systems, which we currently use for operations representing the majority of our sales, are proprietary systems that have been highly customized by our computer programmers. The materials required for thousands of standard builder plans are stored by the systems for rapid quoting or order entry. Hundreds of price lists are maintained on hundreds of thousands of Stock Keeping Units (“SKUs”), facilitating rapid price changes in a changing product cost environment. A customer’s order can be tracked at each stage of the process, and billing can be customized to reduce a customer’s administrative costs and payment speed. We have developed a proprietary program for use in our component plants. This software reviews product designs for errors, schedules the plants and provides the data used to measure plant efficiency. In addition, we have purchased several software products that have been integrated with our primary ERP system. These programs assist in various aspects of our business, such as analyzing blueprints, generating material lists, purchasing lumber products at the lowest cost, delivery management, resource planning and scheduling, and financial planning and analysis. In 2022, we announced the decision to move the Company to a new ERP system. During 2025, we implemented the new ERP system in two pilot markets, and successfully converted our centralized finance and accounting functions, as well as our internal and external financial reporting. We expect the ERP system to require continued design, build, configuration and testing, followed by several years of deployment across our broad network of operating sites. As part of this transformation, we intend to utilize opportunities to enhance our operating model and transform our business, creating further value for all our stakeholders. We have a customized financial reporting system that consolidates financial, sales and workforce data from our ERP systems and our human resource information system, delivering standardized enterprise key performance indicators. This technology platform provides management with robust corporate and location level performance management by leveraging standardized metrics and analytics allowing us to plan, track and report performance and compensation measures. SEASONALITY AND OTHER FACTORS Our first and fourth quarters have historically been, and are generally expected to continue to be, adversely affected by weather causing reduced construction activity during these quarters. In addition, quarterly results historically have reflected, and are expected to continue to reflect, fluctuations from period to period arising from the following: • The cyclical nature of the homebuilding industry; • General economic conditions in the markets in which we compete; • The volatility of lumber prices; • The pricing policies of our competitors; • Disruptions in our supply chain; and • The production schedules of our customers. The composition and level of working capital typically change during periods of increasing sales as we carry more inventory and receivables. Working capital levels typically increase in the first and second quarters of the year due to higher sales during the peak residential construction season. These increases may result in negative operating cash flows during this peak season, which historically have been financed through available cash and borrowing availability under credit facilities. Generally, collection of receivables and reduction in inventory levels following the peak building and construction season positively impact cash flow. AVAILABLE INFORMATION We are subject to the informational requirements of the Exchange Act, and in accordance therewith, we file reports, proxy and information statements and other information with the SEC. Our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, proxy and information statements and other information and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act are available, free of charge, through the investor relations section of our website under the links to “Financials.” Our website is www.bldr.com. Reports are available on our website free of charge as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file them with, or furnish them to, the SEC. In addition, our officers and directors file with the SEC initial statements of beneficial ownership and statements of change in beneficial ownership of our securities, which are 10 also available on our website at the same location. We are not including this or any other information on our website as a part of, nor incorporating it by reference into, this Form 10-K or any of our other SEC filings. In addition to our website, the SEC maintains an internet site that contains our reports, proxy and information statements, and other information that we electronically file with, or furnish to, the SEC at www.sec.gov. Item 1A. Ris k Factors Risks associated with our business, any investment in our securities, and with achieving the statements contained in this report or in our news releases, websites, public filings, investor and analyst conferences or elsewhere, include the risk factors described below. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also impair our business operations. Any of these risks, whether known or unknown, could cause our actual results to differ materially from expectations and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations, and we may not succeed in addressing these challenges and risks. You should read these Risk Factors in conjunction with “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” in Item 7 and our consolidated financial statements and related notes in Item 8. Industry Risks The industry in which we operate is dependent upon the residential homebuilding industry, as well as the U.S. economy, the credit markets and other important factors. The building products industry is highly dependent on new home and construction as well as repair and remodel, which in turn are dependent upon a number of factors, outside of our control, including interest rates, consumer confidence, employment rates, foreclosure rates, housing inventory levels and occupancy, housing demand and the health of the U.S. economy and mortgage markets. Unfavorable changes in demographics, credit markets, including rising mortgage and other interest rates, consumer confidence, household incomes, inflation, housing affordability, or housing inventory levels and occupancy, or a weakening of the U.S. economy or of any regional or local economy in which we operate could adversely affect consumer spending, result in decreased demand for our products, and adversely affect our business. Production of new homes and buildings may also decline because of shortages of qualified tradesmen, reliance on inadequately capitalized builders and , shortages of suitable building lots and material, and lack of financing or more expensive financing available to homebuilders. In addition, the building industry is subject to various local, state, and federal statutes, ordinances, and regulations concerning zoning, building design and safety, construction, energy and water conservation and similar matters, including regulations that impose restrictive zoning and density requirements in order to limit the number of homes that can be built within the boundaries of a particular area or in order to maintain certain areas as primarily or exclusively residential. Regulatory restrictions may increase our customers’ operating expenses and limit the availability of suitable building lots for our customers, which could negatively affect our sales and earnings. Because we have substantial fixed costs, relatively modest declines in our customers’ production levels could have a significant adverse effect on our financial condition, operating results and cash flows. The building supply industry is subject to cyclical market pressures. Prices of building products are subject to fluctuations arising from changes in supply and demand, national and international economic conditions, including inflation and interest rates, labor costs, competition, market speculation, government regulation, and trade policies, as well as from periodic delays in the delivery of lumber and other products, all of which are outside our control. The prices of wood products directly affect our sales and earnings. In particular, low prices for wood products over a sustained period can adversely affect our financial condition, operating results and cash flows. Our lumber and lumber sheet goods product category represented 26% of total net sales for the year ended December 31, 2025. As such, if lumber or structural panel prices were to significantly decline from current levels, our sales and profits could be negatively affected. We have limited ability to manage the timing and amount of pricing changes for building products. In addition, the supply of building products fluctuates based on available manufacturing capacity. Excess capacity in the industry can result in significant declines in prices for those building products, often within a short period of time. Such price fluctuations can adversely affect our financial condition, operating results and cash flows. In addition, the building products industry is cyclical in nature. An economic downturn in the homebuilding industry could have an adverse effect on our operating results, financial condition or cash flows. We are not able to predict the timing, severity or duration of any future downturns in the housing market. 11 Our industry is highly fragmented and competitive, and increased competitive pressure may adversely affect our results. The building products supply industry is highly fragmented and competitive. We face, and will continue to face, significant competition from local, regional and other national building materials chains, large retailers that provide products to retail consumers and small builders, as well as from single site enterprises and new entrants into the market, due to the low barrier to, and cost of, entry. Any of these competitors may (i) foresee the course of market development more accurately than we do, (ii) develop products that are superior to our products, (iii) have the ability to produce or supply similar products at a lower cost, (iv) develop stronger relationships with local homebuilders or commercial builders, (v) adapt more quickly to evolving customer preferences or requirements, or (vi) more effectively adopt and utilize new or emerging technologies, including data analytics, automation and artificial intelligence than we do. As a result, we may not be able to compete successfully with them. In addition, home center retailers, which have historically concentrated their sales efforts on retail consumers and small contractors, have expanded their efforts into the professional homebuilder market in recent years, including through the use of enhanced e-commerce offerings and acquisitions, and may continue to intensify these efforts in the future. Furthermore, certain product manufacturers sell and distribute their products directly to production homebuilders or commercial builders, and the volume of such direct sales could increase in the future. Additionally, manufacturers of products distributed by us may elect to sell and distribute directly to homebuilders or commercial builders in the future or enter into exclusive supplier arrangements with other distributors. Consolidation of production homebuilders or commercial builders may result in increased competition for their business. Finally, we may not be able to maintain our operating costs or product prices at a level sufficiently low for us to compete effectively. If we are unable to compete effectively, our financial condition, operating results and cash flows may be adversely affected. Homebuyer demand may shift towards smaller homes creating fluctuations in demand for our products. Home affordability can be a key driver in demand for our products, and home prices have increased meaningfully over the past several years. Home affordability is influenced by a number of economic factors, such as the level of employment, consumer confidence, consumer income, supply of houses, the availability of financing and interest rates. Changes in the inventory of available homes as well as economic factors relative to home prices may result in homes becoming less affordable. Furthermore, consumer preferences could shift to smaller homes in the future. This could cause homebuyer demand to soften or shift substantially which could have an adverse impact on our financial condition, operating results and cash flows if we are unable to respond to the new market demands effectively. A range of factors may make our quarterly revenues, earnings and cash flows variable. We have historically experienced, and in the future will continue to experience, variability in revenues, earnings and cash flows on a quarterly basis. The factors expected to contribute to this variability include, among others: (i) the volatility of prices of lumber, wood products and other building products, (ii) the cyclical nature of the homebuilding industry, (iii) general economic conditions in the markets that we serve, (iv) the intense competition in the industry, including expansion and growth strategies by competitors, (v) the production schedules of our customers and suppliers, (vi) the effects of the weather and (vii) labor costs, labor shortages and available capacity to meet customer demand for our products. These factors, among others, make it difficult to project our operating results and cash flows on a consistent basis, which may affect the price of our stock. Operational and Strategic Risks We may be unable to successfully implement our growth strategy, which includes increasing sales of our prefabricated components and other products, pursuing strategic acquisitions, opening new facilities, implementing operational excellence, pursuing digitization opportunities and initiatives, and maintaining a balanced debt level. Our strategy depends in part on growing our sales of prefabricated components and other products, increasing our market share, and implementing various initiatives to increase our operational efficiency, improve our margins, optimize our pricing strategies, and streamline the customer experience. If any of these initiatives are not successful, or require extensive investment, our growth may be limited, and we may be unable to achieve or maintain expected levels of growth and profitability. Our business plan also provides for continued growth through strategic acquisitions and organic growth through the construction of new facilities or the expansion of existing facilities. Failure to identify and acquire suitable acquisition candidates on appropriate terms could have a material adverse effect on our growth strategy. Moreover, our liquidity position, or the requirements of our debt instruments could prevent us from obtaining the capital required to effect new acquisitions or expand our existing facilities. Our failure to make successful acquisitions or to build or expand needed facilities, including manufacturing facilities, produce saleable product, or meet customer demand in a timely manner could adversely affect our financial condition, operating results, and cash flows. 12 A negative impact on our financial condition, operating results and cash flows, or our decision to invest in strategic acquisitions or new facilities, could adversely affect our ability to maintain a balanced debt level. Furthermore, we have made significant investments, and intend to continue to invest, in technology solutions designed to increase the efficiency of the homebuilding process. There is no guarantee that such solutions will be effective, will be adopted by our customers, will be able to compete with alternative technology solutions, including from and more technology companies or our competitors, or that we will realize the anticipated benefits from our investments in these solutions. As a result, we may suffer losses on these investments or lose market share if competing technology solutions are more widely adopted than the technology solutions we are developing. We have consummated a number of strategic acquisitions as part of our growth strategy and intend to continue to pursue strategic acquisitions in the future as part of our growth strategy. Strategic acquisitions involve risks and if we are unable to realize the anticipated benefits of these transactions or identify suitable acquisition candidates in the future, our growth, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. Strategic acquisitions are an important part of our growth strategy, and we seek to identify attractive acquisition opportunities that we believe will be accretive and result in increased sales and earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization (“EBITDA”), cost savings, synergies and various other benefits. Assessing the viability and realizing the benefits of these transactions is subject to significant uncertainty. While we seek to mitigate risks and liabilities of these transactions through due diligence to identify valuation issues and potential loss contingencies and to negotiate transaction terms, there may be risks and liabilities that our due diligence efforts do not discover, that are not accurately or completely disclosed to us or that we inadequately assess. Additionally, the evaluation and consummation of strategic transactions is a and costly process that can divert resources away from our operations and result in the incurrence of meaningful transaction expenses. Furthermore, multiples for acquisition targets have generally increased over the past few years, and we face increased competition from other acquirors for attractive acquisition opportunities. As a result, we may not be able to consummate acquisitions on favorable terms, if at all. We may also not be able to obtain necessary approvals, including regulatory or shareholder approvals, to consummate acquisitions. An inability to continue to identify and consummate attractive acquisitions could adversely affect our growth. If we complete an acquisition, we need to successfully integrate the target company’s products, services, associates and systems into our business operations in order to realize the anticipated benefits from an acquisition. Integration can be a complex and process, and if the integration is not fully successful or is delayed for a material period of time, we may not achieve the anticipated synergies or benefits of the acquisition. Although we have been successful in the past with the integration of numerous acquisitions, we may not be able to successfully integrate the operations of any future acquired businesses with our own in an efficient and manner or without significant disruption to our or the acquired companies’ existing operations. Furthermore, even if a target company is successfully integrated, an acquisition may fail to further our business strategy as anticipated, expose us to increased competition or challenges with respect to our products or services, and expose us to additional liabilities. Any impairment of goodwill or other intangible assets acquired in a strategic transaction may reduce our earnings. Moreover, acquisitions involve significant risks and uncertainties, including uncertainties as to the future financial performance of the acquired business, the achievement of expected synergies, difficulties integrating acquired personnel and corporate cultures into our business, the potential loss of key employees, customers or suppliers, difficulties in integrating different computer and accounting systems, exposure to unforeseen liabilities of acquired companies and the diversion of management attention and resources from existing operations. We may be unable to successfully complete potential acquisitions due to multiple factors, such as issues related to regulatory review of the proposed transactions. We may also be required to incur additional debt or issue additional shares of our common stock in order to consummate acquisitions in the future. Potential new debt may be substantial and may limit our flexibility in using our cash flow from operations. The issuance of new shares of our common stock could dilute the equity value of our existing stockholders. Our failure to fully integrate future acquired businesses effectively or to manage other consequences of our acquisitions, including increased indebtedness, could prevent us from remaining competitive and, ultimately, could adversely affect our financial condition, operating results and cash flows. We are subject to competitive pricing pressure from our customers. Production homebuilders and builders historically have exerted and will continue to exert significant pressure on their outside suppliers, including on us, to keep prices low because of their market share and their ability to leverage such market share in the highly fragmented building products supply industry. Given this pricing pressure, we may not be able to pass along price increases for lumber, wood products, other building products, or related labor costs to our customers, which could impact our margins. In addition, continued consolidation among production homebuilders or and commercial builders, or changes in such builders’ purchasing policies or payment practices, could result in additional pricing pressure, and our financial condition, operating results and cash flows may be adversely affected. 13 Furthermore, in periods of economic downturn these pricing pressures tend to increase. As a result, we may face heightened pricing pressures in the event of an economic downturn, and our financial condition, operating results and cash flows may be adversely affected. The loss of any of our significant customers or a reduction in the quantity of products they purchase could affect our financial health. Our ten largest customers generated 14% of our net sales for the year ended December 31, 2025. We cannot guarantee that we will maintain or improve our relationships with these customers or that we will supply these customers at historical levels. Moreover, in the event of any downturn, some of our homebuilder customers may exit or severely curtail building activity in certain of our markets. In addition, production homebuilders, builders and other customers may: (i) seek to purchase some of the products that we currently sell directly from manufacturers, (ii) elect to establish their own building products manufacturing and distribution facilities or (iii) give advantages to manufacturing or distribution intermediaries in which they have an economic stake. Continued consolidation among production homebuilders could also result in a loss of some of our present customers to our competitors. The loss of one or more of our significant customers or deterioration in our relations with any of them could significantly affect our financial condition, operating results and cash flows. Furthermore, our customers are not required to purchase any minimum quantity of product from us. The contracts into which we have entered with most of our professional customers typically provide that we supply particular products or services for a certain period of time when and if ordered by the customer. Should our customers purchase our products in significantly lower quantities than they have in the past, such decreased purchases could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, operating results and cash flows. Product shortages, loss of key suppliers, and our dependence on suppliers and manufacturers could affect our financial health. Our ability to offer a wide variety of products to our customers is dependent upon our ability to obtain adequate product supply from manufacturers and other suppliers. Historically, our products were obtainable from various sources and in sufficient quantities. However, the loss of, or an ongoing substantial decrease in the availability of products from our suppliers or the loss of key supplier arrangements could adversely impact our financial condition, operating results, and cash flows. Although in many instances we have agreements with our suppliers, these agreements are generally terminable by either party on limited notice. Failure by our suppliers to continue to supply us with products on commercially reasonable terms, or at all, could put pressure on our operating margins or have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, operating results and cash flows. changes in the cost of these materials, some of which are subject to significant fluctuations, are oftentimes, but not always, passed on to our customers. Our delayed ability to pass on material price increases to our customers could adversely impact our financial condition, operating results and cash flows. Furthermore, the inability of our suppliers to meet our supply needs in a timely manner or our quality standards could cause delays to delivery date requirements of our customers. Such failures could result in the cancellation of orders, customers’ refusal to accept deliveries, a reduction in purchase prices, and ultimately, termination of customer relationships, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and liquidity. In that case, we may be required to seek alternative sources of materials or products. Our inability to identify and secure alternative sources of supply could have a material and adverse effect on our ability to satisfy customer orders. While we have largely been able to manage these supply chain disruptions to date, there is no guarantee that we will be able to do so in the future. Failure to attract and retain our key employees may adversely impact our ability to successfully execute our business strategies. Our success depends in part on our ability to attract, hire, train and retain qualified managerial, operational, sales and other personnel. We face significant competition for these employees in our industry and from other industries. We may be unsuccessful in attracting and retaining the personnel we require to conduct and expand our operations successfully. In addition, key personnel may leave us and compete against us. Our success also depends to a significant extent on the continued service of our senior management team and key operations personnel. We may be unsuccessful in replacing key managers or operations personnel who either resign or retire. The loss of any member of our senior management team or other experienced senior employees could impair our ability to execute our business plan, result in operational disruptions, cause us to lose customers and reduce our net sales, or lead to employee morale problems and/or the loss of other key employees. In any such event, our financial condition, operating results and cash flows could be adversely affected. In addition, continued competition for employees has resulted in higher labor costs and labor shortages at our facilities. Consequently, we may continue to face higher operating expenses and may lose revenue opportunities if we lack capacity to 14 meet customer demands due to labor shortages. While only a small percentage of our workforce is unionized, there can be no assurance that additional employees will not conduct union organization campaigns or become union members in the future, and a failure to renew existing collective bargaining agreements on favorable terms could lead to further labor shortages and higher labor costs. We may be adversely affected by any disruption in our respective information technology systems. Our operations are dependent upon our information technology systems, which encompass all of our major business functions. We are currently implementing a new ERP system and there is no guarantee that such implementation will be successful or that we will not experience disruptions in connection with the new ERP system. Many of our legacy ERP systems are proprietary systems that have been highly customized by our computer programmers. Our centralized financial reporting system currently draws data from our ERP systems. We rely upon our information technology systems to run critical accounting and financial information systems, process receivables, manage and replenish inventory, fill and ship customer orders on a timely basis, and coordinate our sales activities across all products and services. A substantial disruption in our information technology systems for any prolonged time period could result in problems and delays in generating critical financial and operational information, processing receivables, receiving inventory and supplies and filling customer orders. These disruptions could adversely affect our operating results as well as our customer service and relationships. Our systems, or those of our significant customers or suppliers, might be damaged or interrupted by natural or events or by computer viruses, physical or electronic , or similar disruptions affecting the global Internet. In addition, we rely on a number of service providers to execute certain business processes and maintain certain information technology systems and infrastructure, and any breach of security or disruption in their systems could impair our ability to operate effectively. Such disruptions, delays, problems, or associated costs relating to our systems or those of our significant customers, suppliers or providers could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, operating results and cash flows. Furthermore, advances in computer and software capabilities, encryption technology, and other discoveries increase the complexity of our technological environment, including how each interacts with our various software platforms. Such advances could delay or hinder our ability to process transactions or could compromise the integrity of our data, resulting in a material adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations. The risk of system disruption is increased when significant system changes are undertaken. If we fail to timely integrate and update our information technology systems and processes, including our new ERP system, we may fail to realize the cost savings or operational benefits anticipated to be derived from these initiatives. We are subject to cybersecurity risks and expect to incur increasing costs in an effort to minimize those risks. Our business employs systems that allow for the secure storage and transmission of customers’, vendors’ and employees’ proprietary information. Security breaches could expose us to a risk of loss or misuse of this information, litigation and potential liability. We may not have the resources or technical sophistication to anticipate or prevent rapidly evolving types of . Any compromise of our security could result in a violation of applicable privacy and other laws, significant legal and financial exposure, damage to our reputation and a loss of confidence in our security measures, which could harm our business. The regulatory environment related to information security and privacy is increasingly rigorous, with new and constantly changing requirements applicable to our business, and compliance with those requirements could result in additional costs. Our computer systems have been, and will likely continue to be, subjected to computer viruses or other malicious codes, unauthorized access attempts and cyber- or . Additionally, we may be impacted by intrusions or failures of critical infrastructure such as the power grid or communications systems. These events could compromise our and our customers’ and suppliers’ confidential information, impede or interrupt our business operations, and could result in other negative consequences, including remediation costs, loss of revenue, litigation and reputational damage. While we have not experienced any material losses relating to or other information security breaches to date, we have been the subject of attempted hacking and , and there can be no assurance that we will not suffer such significant losses in the future. As become more sophisticated, we expect to incur increasing costs to strengthen our systems from outside intrusions. While we have implemented administrative and technical controls and have taken other preventive actions, such as deploying cybersecurity training and conducting threat simulations to reduce the risk of cyber incidents and protect our information technology, they may be insufficient to prevent physical and electronic , or other security breaches to our computer systems. Changes in our customer or product sales mix affect our operating results. Our operating results vary according to the amount and type of products we sell to each of our primary customer types: homebuilders, remodeling contractors, and , commercial and other contractors. Gross margins on sales to , , commercial and other contractors vary based on a variety of factors, including the purchase volumes of the 15 individual customer, the mix of products sold to that customer, the cost to serve that customer, the size and selling price of the project being constructed and the number of upgrades added to the project before or during its construction. We generate significant business from the large homebuilders; however, our gross margins on sales to them tend to be lower than our gross margins on sales to other market segments. A shift in our sales mix towards the larger homebuilders could negatively impact our gross margins. In addition, we typically realize higher gross margins on more highly engineered and customized products, or ancillary products that are often purchased based on convenience and are therefore less price sensitive to our customers. For example, sales of lumber and lumber sheet goods tend to generate lower gross margins due to their commodity nature and the relatively low switching costs of sourcing those products from different suppliers. Structural components and millwork, doors and windows often generate higher gross margins relative to other products due to their increased complexity and opportunity for efficiency gains. A shift in our sales mix towards the lumber and lumber sheet goods product category could negatively impact our gross margins. The implementation of our supply chain and technology initiatives could disrupt our operations, and these initiatives might not provide the anticipated benefits or might fail. We have made, and we plan to continue to make, significant investments in our supply chain and technology. These initiatives are designed to streamline our operations to allow our employees to continue to provide high quality service to our customers, while simplifying customer interaction and providing our customers with a more interconnected purchasing experience. The cost and potential problems and interruptions associated with the implementation of these initiatives, including those associated with managing service providers and employing new tools and services, could disrupt or reduce the efficiency of our operations. In the event that we continue to grow, there can be no assurance that we will be able to keep up, expand or adapt our IT infrastructure to meet evolving demand on a timely basis and at a commercially reasonable cost, or at all. In addition, our improved supply chain and new or upgraded technology might not provide the anticipated benefits, it might take longer than expected to realize the anticipated benefits or the initiatives might fail altogether. Furthermore, our customers are continuing to increasingly demand and rely on increased technology in their operations. We anticipate digitization trends in the industry to continue and have made significant investments in technology solutions to further drive digitization of the industry. While we believe such trends present opportunities for our business, we may be unsuccessful in keeping pace with the development of such technologies, which could result in loss of customers. We regularly invest resources to update and improve our internal information technology systems and software platforms. Should our investments not succeed, or if delays or other issues with new or existing internal technology systems and software platforms disrupt our operations, our business could be harmed. We rely on our network infrastructure, ERP systems, data hosting, public cloud and providers, and internal technology systems for many of our development, marketing, operational, support, sales, accounting and financial reporting activities. We are continually investing resources to update and improve these systems and environments in order to meet existing needs, as well as the growing and changing requirements of our business and customers. For example, during 2025, we began the implementation of a new ERP system. The new ERP system is intended to transform certain areas of business such as manufacturing, supply chain, procurement, warehouse management, delivery, quote to cash, financial reporting, and analytics, and position us to better leverage automation and process efficiency and enable productivity enhancements. An implementation of this scale is a major financial undertaking and has required, and will continue to require, substantial time and attention of management and key employees. Furthermore, we may not realize the anticipated benefits from the implementation of the new ERP system. We anticipate that the full integration of the new ERP system will take many years. If we experience prolonged delays or unforeseen difficulties in updating and upgrading our systems and architecture, including our new ERP system, we may experience outages and may not be able to deliver certain offerings or develop new offerings and enhancements that we need to remain competitive. Improvements, upgrades and, to a greater extent, system conversions, are often complex, costly and time consuming. In addition, such improvements may be challenging to integrate with our existing technology systems or may uncover problems with our existing technology systems. Unsuccessful implementation of hardware or software updates and improvements could result in outages, disruption in our business operations, loss of revenue or damage to our reputation. Additionally, the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting could be adversely affected if the new ERP system is not successfully implemented. Any of these items, along with any failure to effectively manage data governance risks prior to or during ERP implementation, could adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition, and the trading price of our common stock. 16 We occupy most of our facilities under leases. We may be unable to renew leases at the end of their terms. If we close a facility, we are still obligated under the applicable lease. Most of our facilities are leased. Many of our leases are , typically have initial expiration terms ranging from five to 15 years and most provide options to renew for specified periods of time. We believe that leases we enter into in the future will likely be for similar terms (five to 15 years), will be and will feature similar renewal options. If we close or idle a facility, we would remain committed to perform our obligations under the applicable lease, which would include, among other things, payment of the base rent, insurance, taxes and other expenses on the leased property for the balance of the lease term. We have closed or idled a number of facilities for which we continue to remain liable. Our obligation to continue making rental payments with respect to leases for closed or idled facilities could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. At the end of a lease term, for those locations where we have no renewal options remaining, we may be unable to renew the lease without additional cost, if at all. If we are unable to renew our facility leases, we may close or, if possible, relocate t

[truncated]