– 1 –
Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing Limited and The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited 
take no responsibility for the contents of this announcement, make no representation as to 
its accuracy or completeness and expressly disclaim any liability whatsoever for any loss 
howsoever arising from or in reliance upon the whole or any part of the contents of this 
announcement.
ʮ̡
(Incorporated in Hong Kong with limited liability under the Companies Ordinance)
Stock Codes: 941 (HKD Counter) and 80941 (RMB Counter)
CHINA MOBILE LIMITED
2024 ANNUAL RESULTS
• Operating revenue was RM B1,040.8 billion, up by 3.1% year-on-year; of which, 
revenue from telecommunications services was RMB 889.5 b illion, up by 3.0% 
year-on-year
• Digital transformation revenue reached RMB278.8 billion, up by 9.9% year-on-year, 
contributing 31.3% of telecommunications services revenue
• Profit attributable to equity shareholders was RMB138.4 billion, up by 5.0% 
year-on-year
• Total number of mobile customers was 1,004 million; of which, number of 5G 
network customers was 552 million; mobile ARPU reached RMB48.5
• Total number of wireline broadband customers was 315 million; of which, number of 
household broadband customers was 278 million; household customer blended ARPU 
reached RMB43.8
• The Board recommends a dividend payout ratio of 73% for the full year of 2024; 
with a final dividend payment of HK $2.49 per share, together with the interim 
dividend already paid, total dividend for the full year of 2024 amounted to 
HK$5.09 per share, an increase of 5.4% year-on-year
– 2 –
CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT
Dear Shareholders,
Amid a complex and stressful external environment marked by various challenges, the 
Company united as a team and remained committed to scaling new heights in 2024. We seized 
the significant opportunities brought about by the development of new quality productive 
forces to the information services industry. At this important juncture, we continued to 
implement the “1-2-2-5” 1 strategy, and progressively advance the “Three Major Programs” of 
“Two New Elements” upgrade, the “BASIC6” 2 sci-tech innovation initiative and the “AI+” 
initiative. These efforts fully unleashed the vitality of reform and innovation, resulting in 
favourable operating performance and remarkable achievements in business transformation. 
New momentum and new advantages have fast taken shape, enabling us to make solid 
progress in establishing a world-class information services and sci-tech innovation enterprise. 
We do not take these hard-earned accomplishments lightly.
2024 Results
Our operating revenue for the year reached RMB 1,040.8 billion, representing year-on-year 
growth of 3.1%. Of this, telecommunications services revenue accounted for RM B889.5 
billion, a year-on-year increase of 3.0%. The total number of connections 3 reached 3,670 
million, with a net addition of 316 million connections. With regard to the CHBN 4 markets, 
revenue from the HBN markets accounted for 45.6% of telec ommunications services 
revenue, an increase  of 2.4 percentage points year-on-year. Digital transformation revenue 5 
reached RM B278.8 billion, an increase of 9.9% year-on-year, and its contribution to 
telecommunications services revenue reached 31.3%, an increase of 1.9 percentage points 
from the previous year.
1 Anchoring ourselves to “one single position” of a world-class information services and sci-tech innovation 
enterprise; speeding up the “two changes”, which are the shift from quantitative leadership based on 
scale to qualitative leadership with a focus on improving effectiveness and efficiency, and the shift 
from delivering business results in the short-to-mid-term to achieving value growth in the mid-to-long-
term. We will collectively foster  the “Two New Elements”: systematically building a smart information 
infrastructure centered on 5G, Computility Network (CN) and the integration platform, and developing a 
smart info-service spectrum of connectivity, computility and capability. We will proactively unleash the 
“five benefits” through innovation, customer recognition, reforms, talent and the ecosystem.
2 BASIC6 stands for: B-Big data, A-AI, S-Security, I-Integration platform, C-Computility network, 6-6G.
3 The total number of connections includes connections from mobile phones, wireline broadband, IoT cards, 
home devices and industry devices.
4 CHBN refers to the “Customer” market (C), the “Home” market (H), the “Business” market (B) and the 
“New” market (N).
5 Digital transformation revenue includes the revenues from new businesses from the “Customer” market 
(China Mobile Cloud Drive and others); the revenues from smart home businesses from the “Home” 
market; the revenues from DICT, IoT and dedicated lines businesses from the “Business” market; and the 
revenue from the “New” market (excluding revenue from international basic business).
– 3 –
Profit attributable to equity shareholders was RM B138.4 billion, an increase of 5.0% year-
on-year, with earnings per share of RMB6.45. EBITDA 6 was RMB333.7 billion, accounting 
for 37.5% of telecommunications services revenue. Our profitability maintained its leading 
position among top-tier global telecommunications operators. Capital expenditure totaled 
RMB164.0 billion, accounting for 18.4% of telecommunications services revenue, a decrease 
of 2.5 percentage points year-on-year. Free cash flow was RMB151.7 billion, an increase of 
22.9% year-on-year.
The Board of Directors recommends a dividend payout ratio of 73% 7 for the full year of 2024. 
It also recommends a final dividend payment of HK $2.49 per share 8 for the year ended 31 
December 2024. Together with the interim dividend already  paid, total dividend for the full 
year of 2024 amounted to HK$5.09 per share, an increase of 5.4% year-on-year.
To create higher returns for our shareholders and share the results of our growth, after giving 
full consideration to the Company’s profitability, cash flow generation and future development 
needs, in the three-year period from 2024, the  profit to be  distributed in cash for each year 
will gradually increase to a bove 75% of the profit attributable to equity shareholders of the 
Company 9 for that year. The Company will strive to create more value for shareholders.
6 EBITDA = profit from operations + depreciation and amortization.
7 Based on an exchange rate which is equal to the mid-price of HK$ to RMB as announced by the People’s 
Bank of China at the end of 2024.
8 Dividends on A shares will be paid in RMB at an exchange rate which is equal to the average of the mid-
prices of HK$ to RMB as announced by the People’s Bank of China during the one week before the day 
on which the annual general meeting declares the dividends.
9 The basis of profit distribution of the Company is the profit attributable to equity shareholders under IFRS 
Accounting Standards.
– 4 –
LEVERAGED SCALE ADVANTAGE TO FURTHER 
VALUE-ORIENTED OPERATIONS
The Company comprehensively advanced its CHBN strategy and drove the integrated 
development across all four markets. We remained steadfast in our customer-centric and 
market segment-based approach, focusing on customer retention and value generation as 
our long-term strategic priorities, while strengthening our product offerings and innovation 
capabilities. As a result, we have consolidated our fundamental advantages while effectively 
stimulating growth.
“Customer” Market: Holistic Management of Existing and New Customers with Refined 
Operations
We have reinforced the development strategy of “connectivity + application + benefits + 
hardware”, persistently refining the management approach to existing customers through 
service integration, value creation, and the improvement of customer experience. In the 
meantime, we have expanded our business based on market segmentation and customers’ use 
cases. We worked to transform the revenue growth driver of the “Customer” market to AI+ 
information services, maintaining stable development of this market. In 2024, “Customer” 
market revenue reached RM B483.7 billion and mobile customers exceeded 1.0 billion, 
representing a net increase of 13.32 million. Of these, 5G network customers reached 552 
million, with a net increase of 88 million, representing  55.0% of the overall customer base. 
Personal China Mobile Cloud Drive revenue reached RMB8.9 billion, a year-on-year increase 
of 12.6%; revenue from integrated-benefit products reached RMB26.8 billion, a year-on-year 
increase of 19.7%. The number of monthly active customers using our 5G New Calling across 
all platforms reached 150 million, of which smart application subscribers amounted to 34.75 
million. Mobile ARPU (average revenue per user per month) continued to be industry-leading 
at RMB48.5.
– 5 –
“Home” Market: Smart Upgrades with Value Uplift
Our smart home ecosystem, launched under the China Mobile Aijia (AI Home) brand, has 
been focused on “full gigabit + cloud life”. We actively promoted the upgrade of connection 
to “gigabit + FTTR (fiber to the room)” and of AI+ smart home applications and smart home 
services. These initiatives have helped the “Home” market achieve favourable growth. In 
2024, “Home” market revenue  reached RM B143.1 billion, a year-on-year increase  of 8.5%. 
The number of household broadband customers reached an industry-leading 278 million, 
representing a net increase of 14.05 million customers. Of these, gigabit broadband customers 
reached 99 million, a year-on-year increase of 25.0%. FTTR customers reached 10.63 million, 
a year-on-year increase of 376%. AI+ Mobile Home Security customers reached 12.80 million. 
Household customer blended ARPU increased by 1.6% year-on-year to RMB43.8.
– 6 –
“Business” Market: Leveraging Strong Capabilities with Deep Cultivation of Vertical 
Industries
The integrated scale expansion of “network + cloud + DICT (data, information and 
communication technology)” has helped us forge new “AI + DICT” capabilities, accelerating 
the construction of an operating system for standardized, product-driven, and platform-based 
solutions. We have vigorously explored high-value commercial customers and achieved 
favourable growth in the “Business” market. In 2024, “Business” market revenue reached 
RMB209.1 billion, a year-on-year increase of 8.8%. Our corporate customer base grew by 4.22 
million to reach 32.59 million. The proportion of contracts won in open tenders amounted to 
an industry leading 16.6%. We launched 99 standardized, product-driven, and platform-based 
solutions that incorporate our proprietary  capabilities. We strove to  become a top-tier cloud 
services provider by embarking on the cloud to intelligence transformation. China Mobile 
Cloud revenue reached RM B100.4 billion, a year-on-year increase of 20.4%. The scale of 
IaaS+PaaS (infrastructure as a service + platform as a service) revenue maintained its top-five 
position in the industry while 5G applications for vertical sectors also maintained an industry-
leading position, scaling up significantly in smart cities, smart factories, smart parks, smart 
campuses and other segments. We won more than 700 large-scale 5G DICT projects, each 
with a commercial value of more than RMB10 million. 5G dedicated network revenue reached 
RMB8.7 billion, a year-on-year increase of 61.0%.
In the “To V” market, we have achieved significant breakthroughs. With a net increase of 
14.43 million factory-installed IoV connections, our total number of connections reached 
65.06 million. We established channel partnerships with 25 leading car manufacturers, 
fast strengthening our presence in the field of “vehicle-road-cloud integration” and we 
made good progress in collaborative benchmark projects in pilot cities. In the commercial 
customer segment, we achieved initial success through enriching the “dedicated line+” one-
stop integrated products and lightweight solutions. Our commercial packages for small and 
medium-sized enterprises grew to 26.84 million, with a net increase of 21.40 million sets. As 
the low-altitude economy quickly takes shape, we have released the “Four Engines and Two 
Wings” capability system 10, creating 50 benchmark applications to support the scale growth of 
the sector.
10 “Four Engines” are the terminal, network, platform and application; “Two Wings” are AI and security.
– 7 –
“New” Markets: Innovation and Breakthroughs with Increased Contribution
We focused on innovative expansion in four major areas: international business, digital 
content, FinTech, and equity investment, achieving favourable growth in the “New” market. 
In 2024, “New” market revenue reached RMB53.6 billion, a year-on-year increase of 8.7%. 
In terms of international business, we unleashed further synergies between the domestic and 
international markets, sped up the export of high-quality products and solutions to support the 
“Belt and Road” initiative, and upgraded overseas digital infrastructure while continuing to 
strengthen our international  ecosystem cooperation. In 2024, international business  revenue 
reached RM B22.8 billion, a year-on-year increase of  10.2%. In terms of  digital content, we 
stepped up our efforts in digital-intelligence creation and new quality content operations, 
while refining our core products such as MIGU Video. Digital content revenue reached 
RMB30.3 billion for the year, a year-on-year increase of 8.2%. MIGU Video’s monthly active 
customers across all platforms reached 520 million, with MIGU AI Smart Match accumulating 
160 million views. In terms of FinTech, we created a “communications + finance” integrated 
ecosystem, achieving a business scale throughout the industry value chain of RM B116.5 
billion, a year-on-year increase of 52%. Our “and-Wallet” monthly active customers grew by 
40.7% year-on-year to 124 million. In terms of equity investment, we focused on strategic 
emerging industries and key areas of future industries, further enhancing the role of capital as 
a link and enabler.
– 8 –
KEY RESULTS ACHIEVED IN “THREE MAJOR PROGRAMS”:
REMARKABLE PROGRESS IN “TWO NEW ELEMENTS” UPGRADE
The Company continued to upgrade the “Two New Elements”, actively building out a new 
model for value growth.
Ongoing improvement of smart digitalization infrastructure.  Our “dual gigabit” network 
maintained a leading position.  We spared no effort to reinforce our leading advantage in 
the 5G network, investing RMB 69.0 billion in 2024 and accumulatively put into operation 
more than 2.4 million 5G base stations, a net increase of 467,000 stations. We have built 
the world’s first large-scale commercial 5G-A network, with RedCap (Reduced Capability) 
covering all cities nationwide. We piloted technologies including sensing and communication 
integration, AI applications in wireless networks, and passive IoT in various scenarios and 
applications. We deployed our gigabit broadband capabilities in an on-demand and precise 
manner and at the end of December 2024, our entire network had been fully equipped 
with gigabit service capabilities, with gigabit coverage reaching 480 million hou seholds. 
Meanwhile, we are accelerating the evolution of network infrastructures to support space-
air-ground integration, promoting the deep integration of aviation Internet, satellite Internet 
and ground networks. Our computility network continued to lead the industry.  We actively 
implemented the national Eastern Data and Western Computing project, forging a nationwide 
computility network with all-round leade rship in technology and scale. Our general-purpose 
computility capacity has reached 8.5 EFLOPS (FP32), and our intelligent computility capacity 
has reached 29.2 EFLOPS (F P16). The “N+X” 11 multi-layer and full-coverage intelligent 
computility layout continued to improve, with the first batch of 13 intelligent computility 
center nodes commencing operation in regions including Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei, the Yangtze 
River Delta, the Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macao Greater Bay Area, and Chengdu-Chongqing. 
The system gave rise to a computility optical network spanning east to west and connecting 
different hubs. We continued to optimize the “1-5-20ms” three-tier low-latency computility 
service circle. Among them, the 400G backbone ne twork was selected as one of the Top 10 
mega-projects of China’s central state-owned enterprises in 2024, and the IPv6+ backbone 
network was selected for the 2024 World Internet Conference Awards for Pioneering Science 
and Technology. By continuously and comprehensively upgrading the AIDC, our data centers 
covered all national hub nodes. Our integration platform applications continued to expand.  
We accelerated the intelligent service supply of “unified packaging and flexible deployment” 
capabilities, launching 1,348 capabilities on the platform in 2024, with the total number of 
deployments reaching 777.6 billion. We have built the world’s largest communications service 
data cluster – the Wutong Big Data Platform – with a cumulative data scale exceeding 2,000PB, 
and annual data service deployments exceeding 100 billion times.
11 It refers to: N (national, regional intelligent computing centers) + X (localized and customized edge 
intelligent computing nodes).
– 9 –
Continuous optimization of smart info-service spectrum.  Our product offerings have 
significantly expanded.  We seized the opportunities arising from accelerated economic 
and social digital transformation by focusing on creating more core products and industry 
applications at the scale of hundreds of millions, billions, and tens of billions, while 
meeting customers’ needs for improved digital lives, streamlined production, and enhanced 
governance. In the mass market, 17 products have a customer base exceeding 100 million, 
with 8 products having a customer base exceeding 200 million. In the corporate market, 6 
products have generated revenues exceeding RMB10 billion. We have achieved the integration 
of general-purpose computing, intelligent computing, supercomputing and quantum computing 
into the network, expanding more than 370 intelligent computing services. We have pioneered 
the industry’s first technology standards, service standards, and white papers for the Visual 
Internet 12, while releasing the Visual Internet large model and achieving a year-on-year 
increase of 165% in newly-added connections. We have established three major product 
systems: network-integrated security, cloud-integrated security and DICT-integrated security. 
Our security products generated annual revenue growth of 103%. The newly-launched Beidou  
satellite messaging service enabled seamless messaging in areas without signal coverage. Our 
customer service further improved.  We set up a Customer Experience Management Committee 
to further enhance the comprehensive service system that covers every aspect and process 
of service and involves every member of staff. The system resulted in a significant decrease 
in customer service-related complaints and an increase in the one-time resolution rate for 
customer issues by 2.2 percentage points. The average handling time for customer issues 
decreased notably. Our customer satisfaction is industry-leading, with increased satisfaction 
with product quality and a high level of satisfaction with touchpoints and network quality. 
Our brand building efforts persisted.  We are committed to creating a high-quality and highly 
recognized prestigious brand, furthering the building and operation of the “1+4+4” strategic 
brand system 13. Our brand impact continued to improve, with our brand value ranking among 
the top 100 globally renowned lists and maintaining industry leadership. We have refreshed 
the China Mobile Aijia  brand, conveying the well-received brand propositions of AI-
powered smart home and loving and beautiful home. Our channel transformation continued 
to advance.  We have deepened the platform-based operations of the pan-terminal and omni-
channel alliance, creating an ecosystem comprising upstream and downstream partners in the 
terminal industry chain, with over 200,000 cooperative channel merchants. We have worked 
continuously to improve our online presence, with a focus of making the China Mobile APP 
the main platform for the operations and interactions of existing customers. Our efforts have 
achieved positive results, with the APP’s monthly active customers exceeding 230 million, a 
year-on-year increase of 46.9%.
12 China Mobile Visual Internet is a smart digitalization infrastructure specializing in video connection 
services. Using video IoT terminals as the medium, it converges connection, capabilities and services on a 
video-connected platform.
13 “1+4+4” strategic brand system refers to: China Mobile as the corporate brand; GoTone, M-zone, Easy 
Own and China Mobile Aijia  (AI Home) as four customer brands; and MIGU, China Mobile Cloud, 
Wutong  Big Data and Jiutian  as four product brands.
– 10 –
KEY RESULTS ACHIEVED IN “THREE MAJOR PROGRAMS”:
FRUITFUL RESULTS FROM “BASIC6” SCI-TECH INNOVATION INITIATIVE
The Company has fully leveraged its role as the main driver of enterprise innovation, 
continuously enhancing its technological innovation capabilities and quality. In 2024, we were 
awarded two First Prize awards and three Second Prize awards in The State Scientific and 
Technological Progress Award.
Achieved more robust innovation and technological breakthroughs.  In tackling turnkey 
technologies,  our computility network (CN) brain commenced nationwide commercial 
use, with the full launch of task-based services, managing over 60 EFLOPS of proprietary 
computility, social computility, and over 250,000 network links. It has been deployed in four 
national and regional hub nodes,  contributing to the construction  of a nationwide integrated 
computility system. We have jointly developed open standards for intelligent computing card 
interconnection (OISA) and machine interconnection (GSE) technology systems. We proposed 
the industry’s first 5G-A integrated sensing and communications technology system and 
constructed a low-altitude intelligent Internet of Things (IoT) technology system integrating 
communications, sensing, control and navigation, supporting ten typical low-altitude 
application scenarios. We built a 6G communications, sensing, computing and intelligence 
integrated test device, which was selected as a major technological achievement at the 
Zhongguancun (ZGC) Forum. The Jiutian  large model became the first central state-owned 
enterprise-developed large model to obtain dual filing for “Generative Artificial Intelligence 
Service” and “Domestic Deep Synthesis Service Algorithm”. Our endogenous security 
technology commenced large-scale commercial use as we took the lead in releasing the first 
international standard in computility network security. Our proprietary quantum computing 
cloud platform became one of the first new items of information infrastructure to be included 
in the national supercomputing Internet platform. We built a quantum computing scientific 
device and the first telecom-grade quantum high-definition encrypted communications system. 
In setting international standards and building high-value patent reserves,  we accumulatively 
led 313 5G international standards, ranking first among global operators. We served as the 
joint rapporteur for the world’s first 6G scenario and requirement standard, and the first 
wireless access network 6G standard in 3GPP. China Mobile’s total number of effective 
patents exceeds 17,000 and we are the first domestic operator to join the world’s largest Linux 
patent licensing platform.
– 11 –
Innovation yielded more prominent outcomes.  We made significant contributions to the 
commercial conversion of scientific innovation outcomes.  We promoted the nationwide 
commercial use of 5G and 5G-A technologies, creating over 48,000 5G industry commercial 
cases and helping China maintain an all-round leading position in areas including network 
construction, technology R&D, integrated applications and industrial development. We 
upgraded and improved the Data Switching Service Network (DSSN), which has been 
deployed in 6 provinces, supporting a monthly data transaction volume exceeding 100 million 
exchanges. The China Mobile DSSN has been written in the National Data Infrastructure 
Construction Guidelines, becoming the mainstream technical facility and implementation 
plan for the national data circulation and utilization infrastructure, supporting the healthy 
development of the data market. We have continuously promoted the large-scale application 
of 5G+ Beidou  high-precision positioning, with service invocations exceeding 2.3 trillion. 
The outstanding result has won us the “Platinum Award”, the highest award for innovative 
applications, from the Global Navigation Satellite System (GNSS) and Location Based 
Services (LBS) Association of China for two consecutive years. We continued to improve the 
sci-tech innovation system and mechanism.  We ran the Jiutian  Artificial Intelligence Research 
Institute while establishing new centres such as the Embodied Intelligence Industry Innovation 
Centre, the China Mobile General Security Research Institute, the Hong Kong Innovation 
Research Institute, and the Qilu Research Institute, further strengthening the “Unified Five 
Rings” innovation system 14. We continued to optimize the three-tier sci-tech reform echelon 
comprising the sci-tech special zone, key sci-tech teams and a reserve pool, with 15 company-
level sci-tech special zones. We have also strengthened the talent pool under the “10-10 2-103-
104” program, and sped up the recruitment and development of high-calibre and scarce talent. 
In the pool, there are more than 5,500 technical experts, more than 20,000 first-rate engineers, 
and a total of 59,000 R&D personnel.
14 The “Unified Five Rings” refers to our technology and innovation system that consists of five rings: the 
inner ring (major research institutes), the mid-ring (specialized companies facilitating industry research 
collaboration), the outer ring (provincial companies and regional innovation institutes), the partnership 
ring (tertiary institutes and enterprise partners), and the overseas ring (overseas R&D institutes and 
international organizations).
– 12 –
KEY RESULTS ACHIEVED IN “THREE MAJOR PROGRAMS”:
“AI+” INITIATIVE IN FULL SWING
The Company is seizing the opportunities presented by AI development, anchoring itself as a 
provider, aggregator and operator, fully leveraging its scale advantage in AI in technological 
capabilities and economic benefits, and accelerating the transformation from “+AI” to “AI+”.
“AI+” capabilities continued to optimize.  We have strengthened our new AI infrastructure,  
with two mega-scale intelligent computing centres with ten thousand-level processor capacity 
in Hohhot and Harbin commencing operation. Our hyper-scale training and inference-
integrated intelligent computing platform supports functions such as large-scale training 
at ten-thousand level processor capacity, long-term stable training, heterogeneous mixed 
training and cross-domain scheduling. It is an industry-leading platform in terms of scale 
and technology. We have honed high-quality core AI capabilities.  Backed by over a decade 
of experience, we benchmarked our standards against top international and domestic ones 
and overcame challenges with our proprietary technology in developing the Jiutian  general 
large model, making it possible to make independent innovation in core capabilities across 
the entire data pipeline, including data construction, pre-training, fine-tuning and inference. 
The large model supports all modalities such as language, vision, speech, structured data and 
multi-modal, with versions available in various sizes. It was selected as one of the

---

,345,985  
Total equity and liabilities 2,108,127 1,992,657  
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET (CONTINUED)
as at 31 December 2024
(Expressed in RMB)
– 23 –
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
for the year ended 31 December 2024
(Expressed in RMB)
2024 2023
Million Million
Net cash generated from operating activities 315,741 303,780  
Net cash used in investing activities (185,194) (205,699)  
Net cash used in financing activities (105,167) (123,843)  
Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 25,380 (25,762)
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year 141,559 167,106
Effect of changes in foreign exchange rate 370 215  
Cash and cash equivalents at end of year 167,309 141,559
– 24 –
NOTES:
(Expressed in RMB unless otherwise indicated)
1 General Information
China Mobile Limited (the “ Company ”) was incorporated in the Hong Kong Special Administrative 
Region (“ Hong Kong ”) of the People’s Republic of China (the “ PRC ”) on 3 September 1997. The 
principal activities of the Company and its subsidiaries (together referred to as the “ Group ”) are the 
provision of telecommunications and information related services in the mainland of China and in Hong 
Kong (for the purpose of preparing the consolidated financial statements, the mainland of China refers 
to the PRC excluding Hong Kong, Macau Special Administrative Region of the PRC and Taiwan). The 
Company’s immediate holding company is China Mobile Hong Kong (BVI) Limited (incorporated in the 
British Virgin Islands), and the Company’s ultimate holding company is China Mobile Communications 
Group Co., Ltd. (“ CMCC ”, incorporated in the mainland of China). The address of the Company’s 
registered office is 60th Floor, The Center, 99 Queen’s Road Central, Hong Kong.
The ordinary shares of the Company have been listed on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited 
(the “ HKEX”) since 23 October 1997 and listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange (the “ SHEX”) since 5 
January 2022, respectively.
– 25 –
2 Basis of preparation
These consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with all applicable IFRS 
Accounting Standards (“ IFRSs”) issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (“ IASB”), which 
collective term includes all applicable individual International Financial Reporting Standards, International 
Accounting Standards (“ IASs”) and Interpretations issued by the IASB. Hong Kong Financial Reporting 
Standards (“ HKFRSs ”), which collective term includes all applicable individual Hong Kong Financial 
Reporting Standards, Hong Kong Accounting Standards (“ HKASs ”) and Interpretations issued by the 
Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (“ HKICPA ”), are consistent with IFRSs that relates 
to the Group’s consolidated financial statements. These consolidated financial statements also comply with 
HKFRSs, the requirements of Hong Kong Companies Ordinance (Cap. 622), and the applicable disclosure 
provisions of the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the HKEX (the “ Listing Rules ”).
The financial information relating to the years ended 31 December 2024 and 2023 included in this 
preliminary announcement of annual results 2024 does not constitute the Company’s statutory annual 
consolidated financial statements for those years but is derived from those financial statements. Further 
information relating to these statutory financial statements required to be disclosed in accordance with 
section 436 of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance (Cap. 622) is as follows:
The Company has delivered the financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2023 to the Registrar 
of Companies as required by section 662(3) of, and Part 3 of Schedule 6 to, the Hong Kong Companies 
Ordinance (Cap. 622) and will deliver the financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2024 in 
due course.
The Company’s auditor has reported on the consolidated financial statements for both years. The auditor’s 
reports were unqualified; did not include a reference to any matters to whi ch the auditor drew attention 
by way of emphasis without qualifying its reports; and did not contain a statement under sections 406(2), 
407(2) or (3) of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance (Cap. 622).
– 26 –
3 Changes in Accounting Policies
The following new or amended IFRSs/HKFRSs are mandatory for the first time for the Group’s financial 
year beginning on 1 January 2024 and are applicable for the Group:
• Amendments to IAS/HKAS 1, Presentation of financial statements: Classification of liabilities as 
current or non-current (2020 amendments)
• Amendments to IAS/HKAS 1, Presentation of financial statements: Non-current liabilities with 
covenants (2022 amendments)
• Amendments to IFRS/HKFRS 16, Leases: Lease liability in a sale and leaseback
• Amendments to IAS/HKAS 7, Statement of cash flows and IFRS/HKFRS 7, Financial instruments: 
Disclosures – Supplier finance arrangements
The adoption of the above new or amended IFRSs/HKFRSs effective for the financial year beginning on 1 
January 2024 does not have a material impact on the Group.
In addition, the IASB and HKICPA also published a number of new standards and amendments to 
standards which are effective for the Group’s financial year beginning on or after 1 January 2025 and have 
not been early adopted by the Group. Management is assessing the impact of such standards and will adopt 
the relevant standards in the subsequent periods as required.
4 Segment reporting
An operating segment is a component of the Group that engages in business activities from which the 
Group may earn revenue and incur expenses, and is identified on the basis of the internal financial reports 
that are provided to and regularly reviewed by the Group’s Chief Operating Decision Maker (“ CODM”) 
in order to allocate resources and assess performance of the segment. The CODM has been identified as 
the Executive Directors of the Company. For the years presented, the Group as a whole is an operating 
segment since the Group is only engaged in te lecommunications and information related businesses. No 
geographical information has been disclosed as the majority of the Group’s operating activit

---

on Million
Interest income 6,275 7,332
Net gains on hold/disposal of financial assets 16,730 13,802  
23,005 21,134
– 30 –
9 Taxation
Taxation in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income represents:
2024 2023
Note Million Million
Current tax
Provision for enterprise income tax in the mainland of 
China and other countries and regions on the estimated 
assessable profits for the year (i) 42,058 41,221
Provision for Hong Kong profits tax on the estimated 
assessable profits for the year (ii) 657 585  
42,715 41,806
Deferred tax
Origination and reversal of temporary differences, net (2,852) (3,210)  
39,863 38,596  
Note:
(i) The provision for enterprise income tax in the mainland of China and other countries and regions 
has been calculated on the estimated assessable profits for the year at the rates of taxation 
prevailing in the regions in which the Group operates. The Company’s subsidiaries operate mainly 
in the mainland of China. The provision for the PRC enterprise income tax is based on the statutory 
tax rate of 25% (2023: 25%) on the estimated assessable profits determined in accordance with 
the relevant income tax rules and regulations of the PRC for the year ended 31 December 2024. 
Certain subsidiaries of the Company entitle to the preferential tax rate of 15% (2023: 15%). Also 
certain research and development costs of the Company’s PRC subsidiaries are qualified for 100% 
additional deduction.
(ii) The provision for Hong Kong profits tax is calculated at 16.5% (2023: 16.5%) of the estimated 
assessable profits for the year ended 31 December 2024.
(iii) Pursuant to the “Notice regarding Matters on  Determination of Tax Residence Status of Chinese-
controlled Offshore Incorporated Enterprises under Rules of Effective Management” issued by SAT 
in 2009 (“ 2009 Notice ”), the Company is qualified as a PRC offshore-registered resident enterprise. 
Accordingly, the dividend income of the Company from its subsidiaries in the PRC is exempted 
from PRC enterprise income tax.
– 31 –
10 Earnings Per Share
(a) Basic earnings per share
The calculation of basic earnings per share for the year ended 31 December 2024 is based on 
the profit attributable to equity shareholders of the Company of RM B138,373 million (2023: 
RMB131,766 million) and the weighted average number of 21,438,442,570 shares (2023: 
21,376,288,436 shares) in issue during the year.
(b) Diluted earnings per share
For calculating the diluted earnings per share amounts for the years presented, the Group has 
considered the following arrangements that may entitle to their holders to ordinary shares:
a) Convertible bonds issued by an associate of the Group (“ CB”);
b) Share options issued by the Company;
Both arrangements had dilutive effects on the earnings per share amounts for both of the years 
presented. In particular, (i) the assumed conversion of the CB would have decreased the profit 
attributable to the equity shareholders of the Company (for the year ended 31 December 2023: 
decreased), and (ii) the weighted number of shares used would have increased (for the year ended 
31 December 2023: increased) if the exercise price of the relevant share options were below the 
average market price of the Company’s ordinary shares on the HKEX during the relevant periods, 
and to the extent that the Company can determine that the performance conditions would have been 
satisfied if the end of the year were the end of the performance period.
– 32 –
10 Earnings Per Share (Continued)
(b) Diluted earnings per share (continued)
For the year ended 31 December 2024, the calculation of diluted earnings per share is based on 
the profit attributable to equity shareholders of the Company of RM B138,356 million (2023: 
RMB131,699 million) and the weighted average number of 21,542,759,453 shares (2023: 
21,408,818,755 shares) in issue after adjusting for the effect of all dilutive potential ordinary shares 
during the year.
(i) Profit attributable to ordinary equity shareholders of the Company (diluted)
2024 2023
Million Million
Profit attributable to equity shareholders of the 
Company used in calculating basic earnings 
per share 138,373 131,766
Add: changes in share of profit of the associate 281 254
Less: fa ir value gain and interest income 
relating to the CB held by the Group, 
net of tax (298) (321)  
Profit attributable to equity shareholders of the 
Company used in calculating diluted earnings 
per share 138,356 131,699  
(ii) Weighted average number of ordinary shares (diluted)
2024 2023
Number of 
shares
Number of 
shares
Weighted average number of shares 
in issue during the year 21,438,442,570 21,376,288,436
Dilutive equivalent shares arising from share options 104,316,883 32,530,319  
Weighted average number of shares (diluted) 
during the year 21,542,759,453 21,408,818,755
– 33 –
11 Dividends
(i) Dividends attributable to the year:
2024 2023
Million Million
Ordinary interim dividend declared and paid of 
HK$2.600 (equivalent to approximately RMB2.373) 
(2023: HK$2.430 (equivalent to approximately 
RMB2.240)) per share 50,534 47,674
Ordinary final dividend proposed after the balance sheet date 
of HK$2.490 (equivalent to approximately RMB2.306) 
(2023: HK$2.400 (equivalent to approximately 
RMB2.175)) per share 49,615 46,524  
 
100,149 94,198  
The proposed/approved ordinary final dividend/ordinary interim dividend per share, which is 
declared in Hong Kong dollar, is translated into RMB with reference to the exchange rate, being 
the respective rate announced by the State Administration of Foreign Exchange in the PRC on 31 
December 2024 and 28 June 2024 (2023: 29 December 2023 and 30 June 2023).
As the ordinary final dividend was declared after the balance sheet date, such dividend is not 
recognised as liability as at 31 December 2024. In case of any change in the total number of issued 
shares of the Company between the date of approval for these financial statements and the record 
date for the implementation of the 2024 final dividend, the Company intends to keep the amount of 
dividend per share unchanged and adjust the total amount of profit distribution accordingly.
In accordance with the 2009 No