Disclaimer* Aptitude Software Group PLC 30 September 2026 APTITUDE SOFTWARE GROUP PLC BLOCK LISTING SIX MONTHLY RETURN Name of applicant : Aptitude Software Group plc Name of scheme: Performance Share Plan 2016 Period of return: From: 28 March 2026 To: 29 September 2026 Balance of unallotted securities under scheme(s) from previous return: 50,330 ORDINARY SHARES OF 7 1/3P EACH Plus: The amount by which the block scheme(s) has been increased since the date of the last return (if any increase has been applied for): NIL Less: Number of securities issued/allotted under scheme(s) during period (see LR3.5.7G): NIL Equals: Balance under scheme(s) not yet issued/allotted at end of period: 50,330 ORDINARY SHARES OF 7 1/3P EACH Name of applicant : Aptitude Software Group plc Name of scheme: Save As You Earn Scheme 2016 and International Sharesave Scheme 2016 Period of return: From: 28 March 2026 To: 29 September 2026 Balance of unallotted securities under scheme(s) from previous return: 81,368 ORDINARY SHARES OF 7 1/3P EACH Plus: The amount by which the block scheme(s) has been increased since the date of the last return (if any increase has been applied for): NIL Less: Number of securities issued/allotted under scheme(s) during period (see LR3.5.7G): NIL Equals: Balance under scheme(s) not yet issued/allotted at end of period: 81,368 ORDINARY SHARES OF 7 1/3 PENCE EACH Name of contact: Simon Kelly, Company Secretary Telephone number of contact: 020-3687-3200 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Aptitude Software Group (APTD) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 22 minutes ago Admiral Group 51 minutes ago Stelrad Group 1 hour ago VP 1 hour ago Ithaca Energy 1 hour ago SSP Group All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and