BETA Close X Aptitude Software Group plc announced that Deferred Bonus Shares awarded to Executive Directors under the 2020 Deferred Bonus Plan vested on April 29, 2026. On May 18, 2026, Alexandra Curran, CEO, exercised 2,033 deferred bonus shares and 89 dividend equivalent shares, totaling 2,122 awards. Of these, 754 shares were sold at £2.266233 each to cover tax liabilities and brokerage costs, leaving 1,368 shares retained. The issuance of ordinary shares was satisfied through the Company's Employee Benefit Trust. Disclaimer* Aptitude Software Group PLC 29 May 2026 Aptitude Software Group plc (the "Company") Exercise of awards under the Aptitude 2020 Deferred Bonus Plan ("DBP") The Company announces that the Deferred Bonus Shares awarded to the Executive Directors on 29 April 2024 (as part of the annual bonuses for the year ended 31 December 2023) vested on 29 April 2026 under the terms of the Company's DBP. The Deferred Bonus Shares were nil cost options subject to a two-year holding period, and included an entitlement to receive dividend equivalent shares during the holding period. On 18 May 2026 the following individuals exercised the following Deferred Bonus Shares: Director and role Deferred Bonus Share awards exercised Dividend equivalent shares exercised Total number of awards exercised Shares sold to cover tax liabilities and brokerage costs Shares retained Alexandra Curran - CEO 2,033 89 2,122 754 1,368 The issue of ordinary shares resulting from the exercise of these awards was satisfied through the transfer of shares from the Company's Employee Benefit Trust. Notification and public disclosure of transactions by persons discharging managerial responsibilities and persons closely associated with them: 1. Details of PDMR / person closely associated with them ("PC A " ) a) Name Alex Curran 2. Reason for the notification a) Positio n / status Chief Executive Officer b) Initial notification / amendment Initial notification 3. Details of the issuer a) Name Aptitude Software Group plc b) LEI 2138009VHA1WI2VKMA28 4. Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, t y pe of instrument Ordinary shares of 7 1/3 pence each b) Identification code ISIN: GB00BJV2F804 c) Nature of the transaction 1) Exercise of options under the Aptitude 2020 Deferred Bonus Plan, including dividend equivalent shares 2) Partial sale of shares in connection with exercise of options under the Aptitude 2020 Deferred Bonus Plan d) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) 1) n/a 2,122 2) 2.266233 754 e) Aggregated information - Volume - Price N/A f) Date of the transaction 21 May 2026 g) Place of the transaction 1) Outside a trading venue 2) London Stock Exchange (XLON) Name of authorised official of issuer responsible for making notification Simon Kelly, Company Secretary, Aptitude Software Group plc Enquiries: Simon Kelly Company Secretary, Aptitude Software Group plc Telephone: +44 (0)20 3687 3200 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Aptitude Software Group (APTD) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 19 hours ago Accsys Technologies 19 hours ago CMC Markets 20 hours ago Fuller Smith & Turner 21 hours ago GSK 21 hours ago Banco Santander S.A. All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and