Value Enhancement Plan Date & Presentation Camellia PLC 08 May 2025 8 May 2025 Camellia Plc Confirmation of Value Enhancement Plan date & Investor presentation Camellia is pleased to announce that details of its Value Enhancement Plan ('VEP'), focussed on improving operating results, growth areas, and capital allocation priorities, will be announced on Monday, 19 May 2025. Camellia will host a live presentation via Investor Meet Company on Wednesday, 21 May 2025 at 10:00 BST to discuss its VEP. The presentation is open to all existing and potential shareholders, with the opportunity for live Q&A. Investors can sign up to Investor Meet Company for free at: https://www.investormeetcompany.com/camellia-plc/register-investor . Questions can be submitted ahead of the event via the Investor Meet Company dashboard up until Wednesday, 21 May 2025, 09:00 BST, or at any time during the presentation. A recorded presentation on the VEP will also be on Camellia's website on Monday, 19 May 2025. About Camellia Camellia is the ultimate holding company of a portfolio of international businesses and assets, with its core operating companies focused on agriculture growing tea, avocado, macadamia and arable crops (the "Group"). The operating companies in the Group own and manage 50,000 hectares across three continents . Camellia's objective is to invest sustainably for the long-term to deliver attractive returns to shareholders while operating in harmony with the environment and supporting local communities where the companies operate. https://www.camellia.plc.uk/ Enquiries: Camellia Plc 01622 746655 Byron Coombs Chief Executive investorrelations@camellia.co.uk Oliver Capon, Chief Financial Officer Panmure Liberum (Nominated Adviser and Broker) 020 7886 2500 Emma Earl Rupert Dearden H/Advisers Maitland (Financial PR) 07785 292617 William Clutterbuck Investors can register to receive updates and news from the Company by registering their email address at investorrelations@camellia.co.uk This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Camellia (CAM) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 6 minutes ago Informa 20 minutes ago Wetherspoon (J.D.) 31 minutes ago Hays 36 minutes ago Man Group 53 minutes ago PayPoint All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and