Disclaimer* Camellia PLC 26 August 2025 26 August 2025 Camellia Plc ('Camellia', the 'Company') Notice of Half Year Results Camellia is pleased to announce that it will be releasing its Half Year Results for the six months ended 30 June 2025 on Friday, 5 September 2025. Camellia will host a presentation via Investor Meet Company on the same day at 11:00am BST to discuss the results. The presentation is open to all existing and potential shareholders, with the opportunity for live Q&A. Investors can sign up to Investor Meet Company for free at: https://www.investormeetcompany.com/camellia-plc/register-investor . Questions can be submitted ahead of the event via the Investor Meet Company dashboard up until 10:00am BST on the day, or at any time during the presentation. A recording of the presentation, along with a transcript, will be made available on Camellia's website shortly after the event. https://www.camellia.plc.uk/ About Camellia Camellia Plc is the ultimate holding company of a group of agricultural businesses incorporated in jurisdictions across the world (the 'Operating Companies'), while also owning and operating other assets outside of agriculture. The Operating Companies collectively own and manage 50,000 hectares of mature land across seven countries (Bangladesh, Brazil, India, Kenya, Malawi, South Africa, and Tanzania). The majority of the Group's revenue is derived from the growing of tea, avocado, macadamia, rubber, wine grapes, blueberries, arable crops, forestry and livestock. The Operating Companies have well-established and industrial-scale operations, with reputations for high-quality products, and are committed to working fairly, sustainably and with integrity for the wellbeing of their employees, communities, and the natural environment. https://www.camellia.plc.uk/ Enquiries: Camellia Plc 01622 746655 Byron Coombs, Chief Executive investorrelations@camellia.co.uk Oliver Capon, Chief Financial Officer Panmure Liberum (Nominated Adviser and Broker) 020 7886 2500 Emma Earl Rupert Dearden Equitory Limited (Investor Relations) 07909 918034 Catherine Miles H/Advisers Maitland (Financial PR) 07785 292617 William Clutterbuck Investors can register to receive updates and news from the Company by registering their email address at investorrelations@camellia.co.uk This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Camellia (CAM) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 5 minutes ago Informa 19 minutes ago Wetherspoon (J.D.) 30 minutes ago Hays 35 minutes ago Man Group 52 minutes ago PayPoint All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and