Disclaimer* Camellia PLC 01 April 2026 1 April 2026 Camellia Plc ('Camellia', the 'Company') Sale of Artwork Update on Indian Tea Estate MOU Camellia is pleased to announce the recent sale of some of the Company's artwork has realised proceeds of £3.7 million, with a profit of £3.6 million. The proceeds from this will support the Company's Value Enhancement Plan, which includes increasing investment into higher-return operating assets to generate long-term growth in shareholder value. The Company also notes the announcement by Goodricke Group Limited (a 74% owned Indian subsidiary of Camellia) on 1 April 2026 to the Bombay Stock Exchange, of the termination of the memorandum of understanding (announced by the Company on 23 Feburary 2026) in connection with the proposed sale of its Barnesbeg Tea Estate. This announcement contains inside information under Article 7 of the Market Abuse Regulation (EU) No. 596/2014, as part of UK domestic law via the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018. Enquiries: Camellia Plc 01622 746655 / investorrelations@camellia.co.uk Byron Coombs, Chief Executive Oliver Capon, Chief Financial Officer Panmure Liberum (Nominated Adviser and Broker) 020 7886 2500 Emma Earl / Will Goode Rupert Dearden Equitory Limited (Investor Relations) 07909918034 Catherine Miles H/Advisers Maitland (Financial PR) 07785 292617 William Clutterbuck Investors can register to receive updates and news from the Company by registering their email address at investorrelations@camellia.co.uk . About Camellia: Camellia Plc is the ultimate holding company of a group of agricultural businesses incorporated in jurisdictions across the world (the 'Operating Companies'), while also owning and operating other assets outside of agriculture. Camellia's purpose is to grow and nurture agricultural businesses and assets of the highest quality - creating value for today's shareholders, while investing for the long term. Camellia's Operating Companies are committed to working fairly, sustainably and with integrity for the wellbeing of their employees, communities, and the natural environment. The Operating Companies collectively own and manage circa 50,000 hectares of mature land across seven countries (Bangladesh, Brazil, India, Kenya, Malawi, South Africa, and Tanzania). The majority of the Group's revenue is derived from the growing of tea, avocado, macadamia, rubber, wine grapes, blueberries, arable crops, forestry and livestock. The Operating Companies have well-established and industrial-scale operations, with reputations for high-quality products. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Camellia (CAM) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 33 minutes ago Gresham House Energy Storage Fund 35 minutes ago Ashmore Group 38 minutes ago Ashmore Group 1 hour ago St James's Place 1 hour ago St James's Place All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and