Disclaimer* Camellia PLC 08 September 2025 Camellia Plc PDMR Dealing Announcement 8 September 2025 Camellia plc (the "Company") announces that the following transaction in the Company's ordinary shares of 10p each ("Shares") has been undertaken by directors/persons discharging managerial responsibility ("PDMR"). The notification below, made in accordance with the requirements of the UK Market Abuse Regulation, provides further detail in respect of the transactions described above. 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities/person closely associated a) Name: Alec Hayley 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/status: PDMR / Non-Executive Director b) Initial notification/Amendment: Initial Notification 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name: Camellia Plc b) LEI: 213800QKY5L2AC1NFX23 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument: Identification code: Ordinary 10p shares GB0001667087 b) Nature of the transaction: Purchase c) Price(s) and volume(s): Price Volume £57.94 100 £58.00 72 d) Aggregated information: Price Aggregated Volume £9970.00 172 e) Date of the transaction: 8 September 2025 f) Place of the transaction: LSE / XLON ENQUIRIES Camellia Plc 01622 746655 Byron Coombs Chief Executive Officer Oliver Capon, Chief Financial Officer Panmure Liberum 020 7886 2500 Nominated Adviser and Broker Emma Earl William Goode Rupert Dearden H/Advisers Maitland PR William Clutterbuck 07785 292617 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Camellia (CAM) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 13 minutes ago DSW Capital 18 minutes ago Secure Trust Bank 19 minutes ago Barclays 29 minutes ago CVS Group 29 minutes ago Origin Enterprises (CDI) All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and