Disclaimer* Camellia PLC 02 July 2026 2 July 2026 Camellia Plc ('Camellia', the 'Company') Directorate Change Camellia is pleased to announce the appointment of Orli Arav as an independent non-executive director with effect from 2 July 2026. Orli is the Founder and Managing Director of EMFin Advisory and has over 20 years of experience in development finance, structured finance and impact investment in emerging markets, with particular expertise in Africa. She has held senior roles at Cygnum Capital Asset Management and the Soros Economic Development Fund. She is also a member of the investment committee of AgDevCo, a specialist investor in African agribusinesses. Orli has extensive experience in investment and capital allocation across emerging markets and currently serves on the boards of Sarona Asset Management, Axian Energy and the Global Gender-Smart Fund. She previously served as a non-executive director of AIM-listed DekelOil, including on its Audit and Remuneration Committees. Orli holds bachelor's and master's degrees in economics. Additional Disclosures In accordance with the AIM Rules, the following information required to be disclosed in relation to the director is set out below. Other than this information, there is no further information required to be disclosed under paragraph (g) of Schedule Two of the AIM Rules. Full Name: Orli Arav Age: 57 Current beneficial shareholding in the Company: None Current directorships: EMFin Advisory Ltd Sarona Asset Management Inc Axian Energy Ltd Global Gender-Smart Fund SA Previous directorships within the last 5 years: Cygnum Capital Asset Management Ltd Factor(E) Ventures Ltd This announcement contains inside information under Article 7 of the Market Abuse Regulation (EU) No. 596/2014, as part of UK domestic law via the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018. Enquiries Camellia Plc 01622 746655 Simon Turner, Chairman Byron Coombs, Chief Executive Officer Panmure Liberum 020 7886 2500 Nominated Adviser and Broker Emma Earl / Will Goode Rupert Dearden H/Advisors PR William Clutterbuck 07785 292617 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Camellia (CAM) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 33 minutes ago Gresham House Energy Storage Fund 36 minutes ago Ashmore Group 38 minutes ago Ashmore Group 1 hour ago St James's Place 1 hour ago St James's Place All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and