Disclaimer* Camellia PLC 27 November 2025 Camellia Plc 27 November 2025 Camellia plc ('Camellia') notes the recent announcement by Kakuzi plc ('Kakuzi') relating to adverse recommendations issued by the National Land Commission (NLC), Kenya, in connection with historical land claims which call for the surrender of approximately 3,200 acres of Kakuzi's agricultural land holdings. Camellia has disclosed land claims as a risk in its previous annual reports. Kakuzi has been advised by legal counsel that it holds clear and valid title to the subject lands, and that its rights to own legally acquired title is protected under the Kenyan Constitution. Kakuzi has consistently contested the claims and does not accept the NLC's recommendations. Acting on legal advice, Kakuzi has commenced proceedings to challenge the NLC's recommendations. Camellia owns 50.7% of Kakuzi, a company listed on the Nairobi and London Stock Exchanges. Camellia considers that this matter will not affect delivery or outcome of its Value Enhancement Plan or have a material impact on its financial performance. ENQUIRIES Camellia Plc 01622 746655 Byron Coombs Chief Executive Officer Oliver Capon, Chief Financial Officer Panmure Liberum 020 7886 2500 Nominated Adviser and Broker Emma Earl Will Goode Rupert Dearden This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Camellia (CAM) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 32 minutes ago Gresham House Energy Storage Fund 35 minutes ago Ashmore Group 38 minutes ago Ashmore Group 1 hour ago St James's Place 1 hour ago St James's Place All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and