Disclaimer* Camellia PLC 26 August 2026 26 August 2026 Camellia Plc ('Camellia', the 'Company') Kakuzi profits announcement Camellia notes the announcement by its 50.7%-owned subsidiary, Kakuzi Plc. The announcement states: "Consistent with the provisions of Paragraph 14.5.7 of the Thirteenth Schedule of the Capital Markets (Public Offers, Listing and Disclosures) Regulations, 2023, Kakuzi Plc ('The Group') issues this profit warning notice and cautionary statement to our current and potential investors as well as the general public. This profit warning notice arises from trading information, market forecasts and the unaudited results to 30 th June 2026 (which have been approved, issued and published today), among other data sources currently at the Board's disposal. We, therefore, wish to report that our net earnings for the period ended 31st December 2026 may be at least 25% lower than that reported for the year ended 31st December 2025. Exceptionally dry conditions on the farm at the end of 2025 and the Middle East conflict along with a softening of the international macadamia market are anticipated to negatively impact results. Our strategic priorities remain unchanged in substance, even as the operating conditions in which we pursue them continue to shift: growing our production of avocado and macadamia superfoods as our existing orchards reach maturity, diversifying into new superfoods and new geographic markets. We remain guided by the belief that a long-term view, sufficient diversification, and disciplined execution are what allow Kakuzi to withstand short-term shocks, whether from markets, weather, or geopolitics, while continuing to build sustainable shareholder and stakeholder value." This downgrade in Kakuzi's profit forecast is coupled with the events in the Gulf, which have created headwinds in several of the operating companies' expected trading profits for the full year. However, we are also seeing improved results in other of our businesses, supported by Camellia's articulated Value Enhancement Plan. As is typical due to seasonality, crop yields and realised prices for the remainder of the year continue to remain uncertain, therefore making the full-year outcome difficult to predict at this point in time. Camellia anticipates reporting its unaudited results for the six months ended 30 June 2026 on 3rd September 2026. Enquiries: Camellia Plc 01622 746655 / investorrelations@camellia.co.uk Byron Coombs, Chief Executive Oliver Capon, Chief Financial Officer Panmure Liberum (Nominated Adviser and Broker) 020 7886 2500 Emma Earl / Will Goode Rupert Dearden Equitory Limited (Investor Relations) 07909918034 Catherine Miles H/Advisers Maitland (Financial PR) 07785 292617 William Clutterbuck Investors can register to receive updates and news from the Company by registering their email address at investorrelations@camellia.co.uk . About Camellia: Camellia Plc is the ultimate holding company of a group of agricultural businesses incorporated in jurisdictions across the world (the 'Operating Companies'), while also owning and operating other assets outside of agriculture. Camellia's purpose is to grow and nurture agricultural businesses and assets of the highest quality - creating value for today's shareholders, while investing for the long term. Camellia's Operating Companies are committed to working fairly, sustainably and with integrity for the wellbeing of their employees, communities, and the natural environment. The Operating Companies collectively own and manage circa 50,000 hectares of mature land across seven countries (Bangladesh, Brazil, India, Kenya, Malawi, South Africa, and Tanzania). The majority of the Group's revenue is derived from the growing of tea, avocado, macadamia, rubber, wine grapes, blueberries, arable crops, forestry and livestock. The Operating Companies have well-established and industrial-scale operations, with reputations for high-quality products. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Camellia (CAM) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 33 minutes ago Gresham House Energy Storage Fund 36 minutes ago Ashmore Group 38 minutes ago Ashmore Group 1 hour ago St James's Place 1 hour ago St James's Place All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and