Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 43 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 54 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 55 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 102 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 102 Item 9B. Other Information 102 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 103 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 104 Item 11. Executive Compensation 104 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 104 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 104 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 104 PART IV Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 105 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 107 Unless otherwise indicated or the context requires, references herein to specific years and quarters are to our fiscal years and fiscal quarters, and references to financial information are on a consolidated basis. As used herein, the terms “we,” “us,” “our,” the “Company,” and “Sandisk” refer to Sandisk Corporation and its subsidiaries, unless we state, or the context indicates, otherwise. Sandisk Corporation, a Delaware corporation, is the parent company of our NAND flash data storage business. Our principal executive offices are located at 951 Sandisk Drive, Milpitas, California, 95035. Our telephone number is (408) 801-1000. 3 Table of Contents STATEMENTS This document contains statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. These statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding Sandisk Corporation’s (the “Company’s”) expectations related to its product and technology developments, technology transitions, market opportunities, strategic relationships, including Flash Ventures and Kioxia, customer agreements, supply, inventory and capacity management, capital allocation initiatives, including share repurchases, and all statements regarding the Company’s expected future position, results of operations, cash flows, dividends, financing plans, business strategy, budgets, capital expenditures, competitive positions, growth opportunities, plans and objectives of management, and statements containing the use of words, such as “may,” “will,” “could,” “would,” “should,” “project,” “believe,” “anticipate,” “expect,” “estimate,” “continue,” “potential,” “plan,” “forecast,” “approximate,” “intend,” “target” and the like, or the use of the future tense of these or similar words. Statements contained herein concerning the Company’s expectations related to operating as an independent company, outlook or future economic performance, anticipated profitability, revenues, expenses, dividends, or other financial items, products or service line growth of the Company, and predicted market outcomes, together with other statements that are not historical facts, are statements that are estimates reflecting the best judgment of the Company based upon currently available information. Statements concerning current conditions may also be if they imply a continuation of current conditions. These statements are based on management’s current expectations, represent the most current information available to the Company as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and are subject to a number of risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results or performance to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the statements. You are urged to carefully review the disclosures we make concerning material risks and other factors that may affect the outcome of our statements and our business and operating results, including those made in Part I, Item 1A. of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and any of those made in our other reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these statements, which speak only as of the date of this Report. We do not intend, and undertake no obligation, to update or revise these statements to reflect new information or events after the date of this document or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events, except as required by law. WEBSITE REFERENCES In this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we make references to our website at www.sandisk.com . References to our website through this Form 10-K are provided for convenience only and the content on our website does not constitute a part of, and shall not be deemed incorporated by reference into, this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 4 Table of Contents PART I Item 1. Business Separation from Western Digital Corporation Prior to February 21, 2025, we were wholly owned by Western Digital Corporation (“WDC”). As of February 21, 2025, we separated from WDC (the “separation”) and became a standalone publicly traded company, trading under the stock symbol “SNDK” on the Nasdaq Global Select Market. For more information about the separation, see Part II, Item 7., Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and Part II, Item 8., Note 1, Organization, Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. General Sandisk is a leading global semiconductor memory company with more than 30 years of innovation in NAND flash technology. We are a vertically integrated solutions provider with ownership of design and IP, front and manufacturing, as well as systems engineering and design. With a differentiated innovation engine driving advancements in storage and semiconductor technologies, our broad and portfolio delivers powerful flash storage solutions for artificial intelligence (“AI”) workloads in datacenters, edge devices, and consumer applications. Our technologies enable everyone from students, gamers, and home offices to the largest enterprises and public clouds to produce, analyze, and store data. Our solutions include a broad range of drives (“SSDs”), embedded products, removable cards, universal serial bus drives and wafers and components. Our broad portfolio of technology and products addresses multiple end markets of “Datacenter”(formerly referred to as “Cloud”), “Edge” (formerly referred to as “Client”), and “Consumer.” The Datacenter end market is comprised primarily of products for datacenters, cloud service providers, and private cloud customers. Through the Edge end market, we provide our original equipment manufacturer (“OEM”) and channel customers a broad array of flash solutions across personal computer, mobile, gaming, automotive, physical AI, entertainment, and industrial spaces. The Consumer end market is highlighted by our broad range of retail and other products, which capitalize on the strength of our product brand recognition and vast presence around the world. We hold valuable patent portfolios containing approximately 8,000 granted patents and approximately 3,000 pending patent applications worldwide that support our products across all end markets. We have extensive customer, partner and channel relationships across a number of and geographies and have a rich heritage of innovation and operational excellence, a wide range of intellectual property assets, broad research and development (“R&D”) capabilities and , efficient manufacturing supply chains. The strong growth in the amount, value and use of data continues, creating a global need for larger, faster, and more capable storage solutions. We are a organization that has developed deep relationships with industry leaders with the goal of delivering innovative solutions to help users capture, store and transform data across a boundless range of applications. We help OEMs address storage opportunities and solutions to capture and transform data into a myriad of devices and edge technologies. We have also built strong consumer brands with tools to manage vast libraries of personal content and to push the limits of what’s possible for storage. At Sandisk, we strive to continuously transform ourselves to address the growth in data by providing what we believe to be the broadest range of storage technologies in the industry with a comprehensive product portfolio and global reach. Industry We operate in the semiconductor memory chip and data storage industries. The ability to access, store and share data from anywhere on any device is increasingly important to our customers and end users. From the intelligent edge to the cloud, data storage is a fundamental component underpinning the global technology architecture, inclusive of AI. Our strengths in innovation and cost leadership, diversified product portfolio and broad routes to market provide a foundation upon which we are solidifying our position as an essential building block of the digital economy. We believe there is a tremendous market opportunity flowing from the rapid global adoption of the technology architecture built with cloud infrastructure tied to intelligent endpoints all connected by networks. The value and urgency of data storage at every point across this architecture have never been clearer. The increase in computing complexity and advancements in AI, along with growth in cloud computing applications, connected mobile devices and products, and edge devices are driving substantial growth in the volume of digital content to be stored and used. We believe our expertise and innovation in flash technology enable us to bring powerful solutions to a broader range of applications. We continuously monitor the full array of storage technologies, including reviewing these technologies with our customers, to ensure we are appropriately resourced to meet our customers’ storage needs. 5 Table of Contents Flash Technology Flash products provide data storage based on flash technology. We develop and manufacture solid state storage products for a variety of applications, including enterprise or cloud storage, client storage, automotive, mobile devices and removable memory devices. Over time, we have successfully developed and commercialized successive generations of two- and flash technologies with increased numbers of storage bits per cell in an increasingly smaller form factor, further driving cost reductions. We devote significant R&D resources to the development of highly reliable, , technology and are continually pursuing developments in technology capacities. We are leveraging our expertise, resources and strategic investments in memories to explore a wide spectrum of persistent memory and storage class memory technologies. We have also initiated, defined and developed standards to meet new market needs and to promote wide acceptance of flash storage standards through interoperability and ease of use. Our Data Solutions Our broad portfolio of technology and products addresses multiple end markets of “Datacenter,” “Edge” and “Consumer” and are comprised of the Sandisk™ brand. Certain of our products will also be sold for a limited transitional period under the Western Digital ® , WD ® and other brands under license from WDC. Datacenter represents a large and growing end market comprised primarily of products for public or private cloud environments and enterprise customers. We provide the Datacenter end market with an array of enterprise SSDs. Our enterprise class SSDs include SSDs and software solutions that are optimized for performance applications providing a range of capacity and performance levels primarily for use in enterprise servers and supporting online transactions, workloads, data analysis and other enterprise applications. Through the Edge end market, we provide numerous data solutions that we incorporate into our client’s devices, which consist of SSDs for desktop and notebook PCs, gaming consoles and set top boxes, as well as embedded storage products for mobile phones, tablets, notebook PCs and other portable and wearable devices, automotive applications, Internet of Things, and industrial and connected home applications. Our SSDs are designed for use in devices requiring high performance, reliability and capacity with various attributes such as low cost per gigabyte, quiet acoustics, low power consumption and protection against shocks. We serve the Consumer end market with a portfolio of SSDs and removable flash products, including cards and universal serial bus flash drives, through our retail and channel routes to market. We offer client portable SSDs with a range of capacities and performance characteristics to address a broad spectrum of the client storage market. Our removable cards are designed primarily for use in consumer devices, such as mobile phones, tablets, imaging systems, gaming devices, cameras and smart video systems. Our universal serial bus flash drives are used in the computing and consumer markets and are designed for high performance and reliability. Competition Our industry is highly competitive. We believe we are well positioned with our leading flash product portfolio, premium consumer brand, differentiated semiconductor innovation engine and leadership in driving cost efficiency. Nevertheless, we face strong competition from other manufacturers of flash in the Datacenter, Edge and Consumer end markets. We compete with suppliers such as Kioxia, Micron Technology, Inc., Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd., SK Hynix, Inc., Yangtze Memory Technologies Co., Ltd. and numerous smaller companies that assemble flash into products. Business Strategy Our overall strategy is to leverage our innovation, technology and execution capabilities to be an and global semiconductor memory company that supports the infrastructure that has enabled the unabated proliferation of data. We strive to successfully execute our strategy through the following foundational elements in order to create value for our customers, partners, investors and employees: • Technology Innovation and Manufacturing Leadership: We leverage our innovative R&D and intellectual property at the chip and system level coupled with advanced manufacturing scale and expertise to drive technology leadership, accelerate innovation, and deliver memory solutions. These capabilities enable us to meet growing customer requirements for performance and capacity delivered by our technology enabling AI deployment and diversification across Datacenter, Edge and Consumer markets. • Broad Product Portfolio: We leverage our capabilities in firmware, software and systems to deliver compelling and differentiated integrated storage solutions to our customers that offer the best combinations of performance, cost, power consumption, form factor, quality and reliability, while creating new use cases for our solutions in emerging markets. 6 Table of Contents • Operational Excellence : We are focused on delivering the best value for our customers in Datacenter, Edge and Consumer end markets through a relentless focus on appropriately scaling our operations to efficiently support business growth; achieving best in class capital efficiency, quality and ; maintaining industry leading manufacturing capabilities; and having a competitive advantage in management, • Durable and Predictable Business Model: We are transforming our financial model through customer engagement frameworks and New Business Model (“NBMs”) agreements that provide greater visibility, improve production planning and inventory management, support sustained innovation investments, and enhance the predictability of revenue, profitability and cash flow generation, while reducing exposure to industry cyclicality. Our strategy provides the following benefits, which distinguish us in the dynamic and competitive data storage industry: • a broad product portfolio that establishes us as a leading developer and manufacturer of integrated flash NAND products and solutions, making us a key strategic supply partner to our customers; • efficient and flexible manufacturing capabilities, allowing us to leverage our flash R&D and capital expenditures to deliver innovative and storage solutions to multiple end markets; • deep relationships with industry leaders across the data ecosystems that give us the broadest routes to market; and • industry leading consumer brand awareness and global retail distribution presence. Research and Development We devote substantial resources to the R&D of new products and the improvement of existing products. We focus our engineering efforts on optimizing our product design and manufacturing processes to bring our products to market in a and timely manner. For a discussion of associated risks, see Part I, Item 1A., Risk Factors of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Patents, Licenses and Proprietary Information We rely on a combination of patents, trademarks, copyright and trade secret laws, confidentiality procedures and licensing arrangements to protect our intellectual property rights. We have approxima tely 8,000 granted patents and approximately 3,000 pendi ng patent applications worldwide. We continually seek additional United States (“U.S.”) and international patents on our technology. We belie ve that, although our active patents and patent applications have considerable value, the successful manufacturing and marketing of our products also depend upon the technical and managerial competence of our staff. Accordingly, the patents held and applied for cannot alone ensure our future success. In addition to patent protection of certain intellectual property rights, we consider elements of our product designs and processes to be proprietary and confidential. We believe that our IP, particularly some of our process technology, is an important factor in our success. We rely upon agreements, contractual provisions and a system of internal safeguards to protect our proprietary information. Despite these safeguards, there is a risk that competitors may obtain and use such information. The laws of foreign jurisdictions in which we conduct business may provide less protection for confidential information than the laws of the U.S. We rely on certain technology that we license from other parties to manufacture and sell our products. We believe that we have adequate and other agreements in place in addition to our own intellectual property portfolio to compete successfully in the storage industry. For a discussion of associated risks, see Part I, Item 1A., Risk Factors of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Manufacturing We believe that we have significant , unique product manufacturing processes, test and tooling, execution skills, human resources and training to continue to be successful and to adjust our manufacturing operations as necessary. We strive to maintain manufacturing flexibility, high manufacturing yields, reliable products and components. The critical elements of our production are high volume and utilization, assembly and testing, strict adherence to quality metrics and maintaining close relationships with our strategic component suppliers to access technology and manufacturing capacity. We continually monitor our manufacturing capabilities to respond to the changing requirements of our customers and maintain our competitiveness and position as a data technology leader. 7 Table of Contents Flash manufacturing requires complex processes involving the production and assembly of precision components with narrow tolerances and rigorous testing. The manufacturing processes involve a number of steps that are dependent on each other and occur in “clean room” environments. These processes require skill in process engineering and efficient space utilization in order to keep the operating costs of these specialized manufacturing environments under control. We continually evaluate our manufacturing processes in an effort to increase productivity, sustain and improve quality and decrease manufacturing costs. We continually evaluate which steps in the manufacturing process would benefit from automation and how automated manufacturing processes can improve productivity and reduce manufacturing costs. We also leverage contract manufacturers when strategically advantageous. Operations Our flash offerings consist of memory, controllers and firmware and other components. All of our memory is obtained from our joint ventures with Kioxia, which provide us with , flash memory wafers. Controllers are primarily designed and manufactured by foundries or acquired from suppliers. Our assembly and test operations comprise assembly and test facilities located in Penang, Malaysia, facilities operated by other contract manufacturers, and the assembly and test facility owned and operated by SDSS, a venture that is owned 20% by Sandisk and 80% by JCET Management Co., Ltd. We believe the use of our assembly and test facilities and manufacturing partners provide flexibility and give us access to increased production capacity. We and Kioxia currently operate three business ventures, Flash Partners Ltd., Flash Alliance Ltd. and Flash Forward Ltd., (collectively, “Flash Ventures”) across eight manufacturing facilities in Japan, six of which are located in Yokkaichi, Japan and two of which are located in Kitakami, Japan. Through Flash Ventures, we and Kioxia collaborate in the development and manufacture of memory wafers using semiconductor manufacturing equipment owned or leased by each of the Flash Ventures entities. We flash technologies (including process technology and memory design) with Kioxia for Flash Ventures’ use. We and Kioxia jointly own these flash technologies. We and Kioxia also contribute to the collaboration and license to each other technologies that are independently developed and owned by each of us and are reasonably necessary to our joint development or manufacture of memory. We hold a 49.9% ownership position in each of the Flash Ventures entities. We jointly control the operations of Flash Ventures with Kioxia, and we believe our participation in Flash Ventures helps us reduce product costs, increases our ability to control the quality of our products and speeds delivery of our products to our customers. Kioxia owns the facilities and provides wafer manufacturing services to Flash Ventures at cost using manufacturing equipment owned or leased by Flash Ventures and process technologies or contributed by us and Kioxia. Flash Ventures accounts for approximately 80% of the total manufacturing capacity in the facilities owned by Kioxia. We and Kioxia are entitled to purchase a share of Flash Ventures’ output, which generally equals 50% each. The price that we and Kioxia pay Flash Ventures for flash memory wafers is cost plus a small markup. We are obligated to pay for variable costs incurred in producing our share of Flash Ventures’ memory wafer supply based on a rolling forecast. In addition, we are obligated to pay for half of Flash Ventures’ fixed costs regardless of the output we choose to purchase. We recognize the Company’s 49.9% interest in the earnings of the Flash Ventures entities one quarter in arrears, reported in Other income (expense), net in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. While Flash Ventures is operating, we and Kioxia are restricted from working with third parties to manufacture memory or from fabricating memory beyond the capacity specified in our agreements with Kioxia. In addition, we may not manufacture memory ourselves except to the extent that we acquire the manufacturing capacity of a Flash Ventures entity as a result of such entity’s dissolution or termination of its joint venture agreements or upon our acquisition of all the ownership interests in such entity. The agreements governing the operations of the Flash Ventures entities also set out a framework for any investment by the joint venture partners in flash manufacturing capacity. We have jointly invested, and intend to continue to jointly invest, with Kioxia in the manufacturing equipment needed to support Flash Ventures’ flash manufacturing operations. In addition, we are obligated to fund 49.9% to 50.0% of capital investments that a Flash Ventures entity decides to make to the extent that Flash Ventures entity’s operating cash flow is insufficient to fund these investments. 8 Table of Contents Each Flash Ventures entity operates for a set amount of time as agreed between us and Kioxia. Since the start of Flash Ventures, we and Kioxia have extended the term for all three of the Flash Ventures entities. On January 29, 2026, Sandisk entered into an FAL Second Commitment and Extension Agreement (the “FAL Second Extension Agreement”) by and among Sandisk, Kioxia, SanDisk LLC (“SanDisk LLC”), and SanDisk (Ireland) Limited (“SanDisk Ireland”), under which the parties thereto extended the term of Flash Alliance from December 31, 2029 to December 31, 2034. On the same date, Sandisk entered into an FPL Second Commitment and Extension Agreement (the “FPL Second Extension Agreement”, and together with the FAL Second Extension Agreement, collectively, the “Extension Agreements”) by and among Sandisk, Kioxia, SanDisk LLC, and SanDisk (Cayman) Limited (“SanDisk Cayman”), under which the parties thereto extended the term of Flash Partners from December 31, 2029 to December 31, 2034. Following the execution of the Extension Agreements, all three of the joint ventures that comprise the Flash Ventures are scheduled to on December 31, 2034. Each Flash V entures entity’s joint venture agreements may also be terminated earlier upon the occurrence of certain specified events, including earlier dissolution by agreement of the parties or an event of default or bankruptcy. Upon the expiration of a Flash Ventures entity’s joint venture agreements, the applicable Flash Ventures entity will commence a process and be dissolved. Net proceeds from the dissolution will be distributed in kind or cash to us and Kioxia on a pro rata basis based on our respective ownership positions. The applicable Flash Venture entity will continue to operate during the period of winding up. In connection with the Extension Agreements, on January 29, 2026, Sandisk entered into an Agreement to Enhance Collaboration by and among Sandisk, Kioxia, Sandisk Technologies, Inc. (“Sandisk Technologies”), SanDisk LLC, SanDisk Ireland and SanDisk Cayman, under which Sandisk Technologies will make certain payments directly to Kioxia totaling $1.2 billion over the years 2026 through 2029 in consideration of Kioxia’s manufacturing services and the continued availability of supply, from execution through December 31, 2034. On January 24, 2025 , the Company and WDC entered into an equity transfer agreement (the “Equity Transfer Agreement”) that transferred WDC’s entire equity interest in Unisplendour Corporation Limited and Unissoft (Wuxi) Group Co. Ltd. (“Unis”), referred to as the “Unis Venture,” to the Company. The Unis Venture is 48% owned by the Company and 52% owned by Unis. The Unis Venture markets and sells the Company’s products in China . Prior to the execution of the Equity Transfer Agreement, the Unis Venture was not historically managed as a component of the Company and as such, the related equity method investment was not reflected in our Consolidated Financial Statements. Following the execution of the Equity Transfer Agreement, the Company accounts for its investment in the Unis Venture under the equity method of accounting. The Company’s 48% interest in the earnings of the Unis Venture will be recognized one quarter in arrears from the date the Unis Venture was transferred to the Company and will be reported in Other income (expense), net in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. For a discussion of associated risks, see Part I, Item 1A., Risk Factors of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Materials and Supplies Our products consist of memory, controllers and firmware and other components. Following our separation from Western Digital, the Company has independently maintained strategic relationships with Flash Ventures and other key suppliers, and our supply relationships are now governed independently under the Company’s standalone procurement structure. We continue to source flash memory and components primarily through these partnerships, while independently managing our supplier portfolio to balance business continuity, cost efficiency, and risk mitigation. All of our flash memory wafers are currently obtained from Flash Ventures. Controllers are primarily designed and manufactured by foundries or acquired from suppliers. We believe the use of our assembly and test facilities, as well as contract manufacturers, provides flexibility and gives us access to increased production capacity. We generally retain multiple suppliers for our component requirements, but for business or technology reasons we source some of our components from a limited number of sole or single source providers. For a discussion of associated risks, see Part I, Item 1A., Risk Factors of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Sales and Distribution We sell our products to computer manufacturers and OEMs, cloud service providers, resellers, distributors and retailers throughout the world. We maintain sales offices in selected parts of the world including the major geographies of the Americas, Asia Pacific, Europe and the Middle East. Our international sales, which include sales to foreign subsidiaries of U.S. companies but do not include sales to U.S. subsidiaries of foreign companies, represented 82%, 80% and 86% of our net revenue for 2026, 2025 and 2024, respectively. Sales to international customers are subject to certain risks not normally encountered in domestic operations, including exposure to tariffs and various trade and other regulations. For a discussion of associated risks, see Part I, Item 1A., Risk Factors of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 9 Table of Contents We perform our marketing and advertising functions both internally and through outside firms utilizing both consumer media and trade publications targeting various reseller and markets. We also maintain customer relationships through direct communication and by providing information and support through our website. In accordance with standard storage industry practice, we provide distributors and retailers with limited price protection and programs under which we reimburse certain marketing expenditures. We also provide distributors, resellers and OEMs with other sales incentive programs. For 2026, 2025 and 2024, no customer accounted for more than 10% of our net revenue. Seasonality Historically, we have experienced seasonal fluctuations in our business with higher levels of demand in the first and second fiscal quarters as a result of increased customer spending. Seasonality can also be impacted by cyclicality in the industry and macroeconomic conditions. For a discussion of associated risks, see Part I, Item 1A., Risk Factors of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Service and Warranty We generally warrant our newly manufactured products against defects in materials and workmanship from one to five years from the date of sale, depending on the type of product, with a small number of products having a warranty ranging up to ten years or more. Our warranty obligation is generally limited to repair or replacement. We have engaged third parties in various countries in multiple regions to provide various levels of testing, processing or recertification of returned products for our customers. For additional information regarding our service and warranty policy, see Part II, Item 8., Note 1, Organization, Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies and Note 5, Supplemental Financial Statement Data of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Human Capital Management Our People Data drives how we move, create, and discover. It enables our teams to unlock potential, power breakthrough technologies for our customers, and deliver meaningful impact for our stakeholders. We believe data should inspire every person to move, create, discover, share, and unlock their potential. Our investment in our people seeks to empower our employees to develop breakthrough Flash memory solutions for our customers and drive meaningful impact for our stakeholders. As of July 2026, our global team includes approximately 11,100 employees across 33 countries— 74% in Asia Pacific, 19% in the Americas, and 7% in Europe, the Middle East, and Africa. We believe our global presence allows us to access a broad range of perspectives, remain agile, and stay culturally attuned to the markets we serve. Belonging To attract and retain top talent, we are committed to building a culture where every voice matters and every individual feels a sense of belonging, respect, and collaboration. Through our BE@Sandisk program, we foster connection through communities and learnings that reflect our employees’ unique identities, interests, and aspirations. These communities—over a dozen and growing, with chapters in countries around the world—create opportunities to connect and engage, enabling our people to bring their full selves to work and contribute to our culture. Together, they reinforce our core values: Innovation, Collaboration, Winning, Agility, and Openness. Talent Attraction & Development At Sandisk, we believe growth is fueled by curiosity, continuous learning, and meaningful career opportunities. Through Sandisk SPARK, our unified learning ecosystem, employees are empowered to take ownership of their development through personalized, learning journeys that build critical skills, expand capabilities, and support career growth. Sandisk SPARK combines learning, curated development pathways, and assigned training to foster a culture of continuous learning and adaptability. Our commitment to development is further reinforced through a performance-based philosophy, which connects individual goals, ongoing feedback, and performance outcomes. Employees receive transparent, actionable feedback that helps them build strengths, accelerate growth, and navigate their careers with confidence. Beyond professional development, Sandisk invests in the future readiness of our workforce through targeted upskilling and reskilling initiatives, particularly within our manufacturing and technical organizations. Through training and workshops, we help employees develop the skills needed to thrive in a rapidly changing industry and contribute to Sandisk’s innovation and success. 10 Table of Contents Compensation & Benefits Attracting, retaining, and motivating top talent is essential in the dynamic and rapidly evolving semiconductor industry. Our approach to compensation is designed to be competitive, flexible, and responsive to the needs of our workforce and the local markets in which we operate. Our Total Rewards strategy extends beyond base compensation to include a mix of salary, short- and incentives, and regionally tailored benefits. These offerings are informed by market benchmarking, as well as employee feedback gathered through focus groups and surveys, allowing us to align with employee expectations while providing clear leveling and pathways for advancement. We also invest in the of our employees through benefits that support physical, mental, and financial health. Depending on location, these benefits may include health coverage, life and disability insurance, retirement plans, paid time off, employee assistance programs, and an employee stock purchase plan. Together, these programs empower employees to make informed choices that support their personal and professional goals. Health & Safety Sandisk is committed to maintaining safe and healthy work environments across all our operations. We provide comprehensive health and safety resources and training for all employees, with additional specialized training for those in manufacturing and operational roles. Managing health and safety through standardized processes and integrated systems enables us to monitor performance and take actions to promote a safe, productive, and organization where the health and safety of our employees remain a top priority. Government Regulation Our worldwide business activities are subject to various laws, rules and regulations of the U.S. as well as of foreign governments. Compliance with existing or future governmental regulations, including, but not limited to, those pertaining to global trade, the environment, consumer and data protection, employee health and safety and taxes, could have a material impact on our capital expenditures, earnings, competitive position and overall business in subsequent periods. For a discussion of associated risks, see Part I, Item 1A., Risk Factors of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Corporate Responsibility and Sustainability We recognize that sustainability is a strategic driver of business success. Integrating responsible business practices into our operations and strengthens our ability to manage risk, drive innovation, improve efficiency, and create lasting value for our stakeholders. Our commitment to operating responsibly underlies how we support our people, steward natural resources, engage with our communities, and conduct business with integrity. Sustainability is embedded in both our operations and business strategy. Through initiatives that foster a workplace, optimize the use of materials and energy, strengthen supply chain resilience, and uphold ethics and compliance policies and practices for our global operations, we enhance our competitiveness and deliver positive environmental and social outcomes. We know that aligning sustainability with our business objectives, ensures a more resilient, responsible, and successful company for the future. • We strive to protect the human rights and civil liberties of our employees and partners through policies, procedures and programs that avoid and address risks of compulsory and child labor, both within our company and throughout our supply chain. • We foster a workplace of dignity, respect, and growth through our recruiting, professional development and advancement practices, internal communications and employee engagement initiatives. • We strive to educate our employees at least annually on relevant ethics and compliance topics, publish accessible guidance on ethics and issues and available company resources in our Global Code of Conduct and encourage reporting of ethical concerns through any of several global and local reporting channels. • We use a robust integrated management system, with associated policies and procedures, to evaluate and manage occupational health and safety risks, environmental compliance requirements and chemical and hazardous materials risks. • We seek to minimize our impact on the environment and strengthen operational resiliency through emissions reduction targets, climate risk assessments and mitigation, and other initiatives. 11 Table of Contents • We continuously innovate to identify opportunities to reduce the energy used in our operations, by our products, and the types of materials required to source energy and manufacture our products. Available Information We maintain an Internet website at www.sandisk.com. The information on our website is not incorporated in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and amendments to reports filed or furnished pursuant to Sections 13(a) and 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the “Exchange Act”), as amended, are available on our website at www.sandisk.com, free of charge, as soon as reasonably practicable after the electronic filing of these reports with, or furnishing of these reports to, th e U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”). The SEC maintains a website at www.sec.gov that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC, including us. 12 Table of Contents Item 1A. Risk Factors Summary of Risk Factors An investment in our common stock is subject to a number of risks, including market, financial, regulatory and operational risks related to our business, our separation from Western Digital Corporation (“WDC”) and our common stock. The following is a summary of certain key risk factors for investors in our securities. You should read this summary together with the more detailed description of risks and uncertainties discussed below. RISKS RELATED TO OUR BUSINESS Operational Risks • Adverse global or regional conditions could harm our business. • Disruption in our supply chain, other inability to source our supply requirements, or an increase in the costs of materials or components could negatively affect our business. • Our operations are subject to a substantial risk of damage or disruption. • Our inability to attract, retain and develop highly skilled management and technical talent could negatively impact our business prospects. • Product defects could subject us to costly warranty claims, litigation, indemnification claims or termination of sales agreements. • The compromise, damage or interruption of our technology infrastructure, systems or products from cybersecurity incidents, data security breaches or other related problems could have a material negative impact on our business. • We may be adversely affected by risks and challenges associated with the use of artificial intelligence (“AI”). Business and Strategic Risks • We rely substantially on strategic relationships that subject us to risks and uncertainties. • Competitive conditions, including declining average selling prices, volatile demand, technological change, industry consolidation, lengthy product qualifications, and supply constraints, in our industry can negatively impact our business. • Failure to properly manage technology transitions and product development and introduction could harm our competitiveness and operating results. • Our operating results may fluctuate due to changes in demand, industry cycles and the timing of customer deployments, including data center investments, and our ability to accurately forecast demand as a result of these changing market conditions. • Failure to successfully execute on strategic initiatives may negatively impact our future results. • Loss of revenue from a key customer, or customer base consolidation, could harm our operating results. • agreements, which we also refer to as New Business Models or “NBMs”, expose us to certain execution, financial, and market risks, which could be significant. Financial Risks • Our guarantees of certain obligations of Flash Ventures may negatively impact our financial position, and terms and conditions of our revolving credit facility may restrict our operations and ability to respond to future business opportunities. • Fluctuations in currency exchange rates may negatively affect our operating results. • Increases in our customers’ credit risk could result in credit losses and term extensions under existing contracts with customers with credit losses could result in an increase in our operating costs. • Our share repurchase program may not enhance shareholder value and could affect the price of our common stock and reduce our financial flexibility. Legal and Compliance Risks • Our failure to comply with laws, rules and regulations related to data use and security could subject us to legal proceedings, penalties, significant liability, loss of customers, loss of revenue or reputational harm. • We are or may be subject to legal and regulatory requirements as well as customer, industry and coalition standards, and compliance with those requirements could increase our operating costs and failure to comply may harm our business. • Our aspirations, disclosures and actions related to sustainability and governance matters expose us to risks that could adversely affect our reputation and performance. • We and certain of our officers may at times be involved in litigation, investigations and governmental proceedings, which may be costly and could result in adverse court rulings, fines or penalties. 13 Table of Contents • Our industry’s and our company’s reliance on intellectual property and other proprietary information subjects us to the risk that key components of our business could be copied and also subjects us and our suppliers, customers and partners to the risk of significant litigation. RISKS RELATED TO THE • Failure to ensure compliance with Section 404 of the Act or ineffective internal control over financial reporting could result in uncertainties regarding our financial statements and lead our stock price to suffer. • Our historical financial information is not necessarily representative of the results that we would have achieved as a separate, public company and may not be reliable as to our future results. • Mutual indemnification obligations between WDC and us for certain liabilities in connection with the may not provide the protection we expect and could result in significant liabilities that could adversely affect our financial results. • If the distribution of our shares does not continue to qualify for the Intended Tax Treatment or if we fail to preserve such treatment, we, WDC and WDC stockholders could be subject to significant United States (“U.S.”) federal income tax liabilities, and we could be required to indemnify WDC. • We may be unable to implement, on a timely or basis, the systems, internal controls, and governance structures necessary to operate effectively as an independent company. RISKS RELATED TO OUR COMMON STOCK • Our stock price may fluctuate significantly, which may make it difficult to resell our common stock. • Provisions of Delaware law, our certificate of incorporation and our bylaws may prevent or delay an acquisition of our company, which could decrease the market price of our common stock. • Our certificate of incorporation contains an exclusive forum provision that could impact stockholder’s ability and interest in bringing lawsuits against us and any of our directors, officers or other employees. • Tax matters may materially affect our financial position and results of operations. • Provisions in our joint venture agreements with Kioxia Corporation (“Kioxia”) may deter, prevent or delay an acquisition of us, which could decrease the market price of our common stock and limit our future strategic opportunities. RISKS RELATED TO OUR BUSINESS OPERATIONAL RISKS Adverse global or regional conditions could harm our business. A large portion of our revenue is derived from our international operations, and substantially all of our products are produced overseas. As a result, our business depends significantly on global and regional conditions. Adverse changes in global or regional economic conditions, including, but not limited to, volatility in the financial markets, tighter credit, recession, inflation, rising interest rates, slower growth in certain geographic regions, political uncertainty, geopolitical tensions or conflicts, trade war, other macroeconomic factors, or changes to social conditions and regulations, could significantly harm demand for our products, increase credit and collectability risks, result in revenue reductions, reduce profitability as a result of underutilization of our assets, cause us to change our business practices, increase manufacturing and operating costs or result in impairment charges or other expenses. Public health crises and related government responses, including widespread disease outbreaks, quarantines, travel restrictions or business shutdowns, can also contribute to volatility in the financial markets, tighter credit conditions, reduced consumer and business spending and other adverse macroeconomic factors, any of which may negatively impact demand for our products and our financial performance. We are subject to risks and regulatory obligations associated with our global manufacturing operations and global sales efforts, as well as risks and regulatory obligations associated with our utilization of global suppliers, including: • obtaining governmental approvals and compliance with evolving domestic and foreign regulations; • the need to comply with regulations on international business, including the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, the United Kingdom Bribery Act 2010, the laws of other countries and rules regarding conflict minerals; • the impacts of social, political, immigration, and tax and trade policies in the U.S. and abroad; • exchange, currency and tax controls and reallocations; • the continued evolution and implementation of complex global and local tax regimes; • varying levels of protection of intellectual property rights; • policies and financial incentives by governments in China, the U.S. and countries in Europe and Asia designed to reduce dependence on foreign semiconductor manufacturing capabilities; • trade barriers, such as export controls, export bans, import restrictions, embargoes, sanctions, license and certification requirements (including semiconductor, encryption and other technology), tariffs and complex customs regulations; 14 Table of Contents • difficulties in managing international operations, including appropriate internal controls; and • financial volatility and disruptions to supply chain resulting from public health crises. For example, there are pending and ongoing investigations initiated by the United States under Section 232 of the Trade Expansion Act of 1962 and Section 301 of the Trade Act of 1974 that may impact tariff rates for Sandisk products. We continue to monitor changes to the U.S. tariff regime to assess potential implications on the Company. Though the majority of our products sold in the U.S. are currently exempt from tariffs, additional tariff increases or the loss of applicable exemptions would increase the cost of goods sold for our products sold in the U.S., which could negatively impact our margins and financial performance. Increases in the price of our products in response to increased costs may adversely impact demand for those products in the U.S., which could also negatively impact our performance and financial results. Future trade policies and regulations in the U.S. and other countries, the terms of any trade arrangements that may be negotiated between the U.S. and other countries, the scope, amount, or duration of tariffs that may be imposed by any country, and the impact of these factors on our business, either directly or as a result of the impact on the business of our customers, are uncertain and may contribute to increased costs and reduced demand for our products, each of which could harm our financial performance. As a result of these risks, our business could be harmed. We are dependent on a limited number of qualified suppliers who provide critical services, materials or components, and a disruption in our supply chain or other inability to source our supply requirements, or an increase in the costs of materials or components, could negatively affect our business. We depend on an external supply base for technologies, software (including firmware), controllers, dynamic memory (“DRAM”), components, equipment and materials for use in our product design and manufacturing. We also depend on suppliers for a portion of our wafer testing, chip assembly, product assembly and product testing and on service suppliers for providing technical support for our products. In addition, we use logistics partners to manage our worldwide hubs and distribution centers and to meet our freight needs. Many of the components and much of the equipment we acquire must be specifically designed for use in our products or for developing and manufacturing our products and are only available from a limited number of suppliers, some of whom are our suppliers. We therefore depend on these suppliers to meet our business needs, including dedicating adequate engineering resources to develop components that can be successfully integrated into our products. For example, many of our SSD products incorporate DRAM, which is a commodity component that has experienced supply constraints and may remain in short supply for extended periods. If we are unable to obtain sufficient quantities of DRAM on commercially reasonable terms, we may be required to allocate available flash memory and other resources to products that require less or no DRAM rather than to strategic products that may offer higher margins or stronger growth opportunities. Such constraints could adversely affect our product mix, revenues, gross margins, customer relationships and competitive position. Our suppliers have in the past been, and may in the future be, unable or unwilling to meet our requirements, including as a result of events outside of their control such as trade restrictions (including tariffs, quotas, sanctions, and embargoes), supply chain shortages, labor disputes, geopolitical conflicts, industrial accidents, cybersecurity incidents, public health emergencies or natural disasters. If we are unable to purchase sufficient quantities from our current suppliers or qualify and engage additional suppliers, or if we cannot purchase materials at a reasonable price, we may not be able to meet demand for our products. Trade restrictions, including tariffs, quotas and embargoes, demand from other industries for materials or components used in our products, disruptions in supplier relationships or shortages in other components and materials used in our customers’ products could result in increased costs to us, longer lead times, or decreased demand for our products, which could negatively impact our business. Delays, shortages or cost increases experienced by our suppliers in developing or sourcing materials and components for use in our products or incompatibility or quality issues relating to our products could also harm our business. We do not have contracts with some of our existing suppliers, nor do we always have guaranteed manufacturing capacity with many of our suppliers, so we cannot guarantee that they will devote sufficient resources or capacity to manufacturing our products. Any significant problems that occur at our suppliers could lead to product shortages or quality assurance problems. When we do have contractual commitments with suppliers in an effort to stabilize the supply of our components, those commitments may require us to buy a substantial number of components or make significant cash advances to the supplier and may not result in a satisfactory supply of our components. Additionally, if such suppliers were to experience operational or financial difficulties, be acquired by a competitor, or fail to perform required obligations under our supply agreements, our ability to source critical components could be impaired, potentially disrupting our product manufacturing and harming our business. We may also cancel or defer outstanding purchase commitments with certain suppliers due to changes in actual and forecasted demand, which may result in fees, penalties and other associated charges. Such cancellations or deferments may also negatively impact our relationships with certain suppliers or lead to a decline in the financial performance of certain suppliers, each of which could result in even more limited availability of components needed for our products. 15 Table of Contents In addition, our supply base has experienced industry consolidation. Our suppliers may be acquired by our competitors, decide to exit the industry or redirect their investments and increase costs to us. In addition, some of our suppliers have experienced a decline in financial performance, including as a result of canceled or deferred purchase commitments. Where we rely on a limited number of suppliers or a single supplier, the risk of supplier loss due to industry consolidation or a decline in financial performance is increased. Some of our suppliers may also be competitors in other areas of our or their business, which could lead to difficulties in price negotiations or meeting our supply requirements. Our operations, and those of certain of our suppliers and customers, are subject to substantial risk of damage or disruption. We conduct our operations at large, , facilities in Japan, Malaysia and other locations in Asia. The facilities of many of our customers, our suppliers and our customers’ suppliers are also concentrated in certain geographic locations throughout Asia and elsewhere. If a fire (including a climate fire), flood, earthquake, tsunami or other natural disaster, condition or event such as power outage, contamination event, water scarcity, terrorist attack, cybersecurity incident, physical security breach, political instability, act of war, civil unrest, localized labor unrest, or a public health crisis or epidemic negatively affects any of these facilities or regions, it could significantly disrupt the supply of wafers, components, equipment or services; impair customer demand; significantly affect our ability to manufacture or sell our products; or otherwise materially adversely affect our business and financial results. Possible impacts include work and equipment stoppages and damage to or closure of our facilities, or those of our suppliers or customers, for an indefinite period of time. Impacts of any of these events may also include closures of our manufacturing facilities, overhead, increased logistics, component and other costs, decreased demand for our products, and manufacturing challenges, delays in production ramps, and interruptions or inefficiencies in our operations. Climate change has in the past increased and is expected to continue to increase, the incidence and severity of certain natural disasters, including wildfires and adverse weather events. In addition, the geographic concentration of our manufacturing sites could exacerbate the negative impacts resulting from any of these problems. We may incur losses beyond the limits of, or outside the scope of, the coverage of our insurance policies. There can be no assurance that in the future we will be able to maintain existing insurance coverage or that premiums will not increase substantially. Due to market availability, pricing or other reasons, we may elect not to purchase insurance coverage or to purchase only limited coverage. We maintain limited insurance coverage and, in some cases, no coverage at all, for natural disasters and damage to our facilities, as these types of insurance are sometimes not available or available only at a prohibitive cost. Climate change may reduce the availability or increase the cost of certain types of insurance by contributing to an increase in the incidence and severity of certain natural disasters. We depend upon Kioxia to obtain and maintain sufficient property, business interruption and other insurance for Flash Ventures. If Kioxia fails to do so, we could suffer significant unreimbursable losses, and such failure could also cause Flash Ventures to breach various financing covenants. Our success depends on our ability to attract, retain and develop highly skilled management and technical talent. The success of our business depends on our ability to attract, retain, and develop highly skilled management and technical talent capable of advancing NAND technology in an increasingly complex and competitive global environment. The rapid pace of innovation driven by AI, global research and development competition, evolving models of work, and intensifying customer demands for faster, more efficient solutions has significantly raised the bar for the technical expertise required to power current and technologies. As a result, acquiring and retaining such talent has become increasingly difficult. If we are unable to hire and retain key talent and to effectively manage succession planning for key leadership roles, our operating results could be harmed. Constraints on global talent mobility and hiring, including changes in immigration laws and policies, travel restrictions, work permits regulation and administration, government restrictions to contain the spread of infectious disease, and limitations on the ability of employees to enter, leave, or return to jurisdictions in which we operate, may also affect our ability to attract and retain the specialized skills needed to support our business and may disrupt our operations. As part of our compensation program, we grant equity incentives to our senior leaders to align their interests with stockholder interests and incentivize these leaders to further deliver stockholder value. The unvested value of these awards has appreciated materially as a result of our stock price performance in fiscal 2026. These awards generally vest either in February 2028 or September 2028. If the value of these awards at such time remains materially appreciated above their grant date values, we could experience attrition among these leaders when the awards vest. While our Board of Directors (the “Board”) and management are focused on continued incentives for, and retention of, this group, if we were to lose one or more of our senior leaders following the vest date of these awards, we could experience difficulties in finding qualified successors, competing effectively, executing our business plan and implementing our business strategy, which could adversely impact our operations and operating results. 16 Table of Contents While we continue to invest in employee development, workforce planning, and structural agility, the speed and complexity of technological change and market demands create ongoing risks that may impact our ability to sustain innovation and operational performance. We are subject to risks related to product defects, which could result in product recalls or epidemic failures and could subject us to warranty claims in excess of our warranty provisions or which are greater than anticipated, litigation or indemnification claims. We provide warranties on the majority of our products for periods of one to five years. We test our products in our manufacturing facilities through a variety of means. However, our testing may fail to reveal defects in our products that may not become apparent until after the products have been sold into the market. In addition, our products may be used in a manner that is not intended or anticipated by us, resulting in potential liability. Accordingly, there is a risk that product defects will occur, including as a result of components or applications that we incorporate in our products, which could require a product recall. Product recalls can be expensive to implement. As part of a product recall, we may be required or choose to replace the defective product. Moreover, there is a risk that product defects may trigger an epidemic failure clause in a customer agreement. If an epidemic failure occurs, we may face termination of sales agreements and may be required to replace or refund the value of the defective product and to cover certain other costs associated with the consequences of the epidemic failure. In addition, product defects, product recalls or epidemic failures may cause damage to our reputation or customer relationships, lost revenue, indemnification for a recall of our customers’ products, warranty claims, litigation or loss of market share with our customers, including our OEMs and OEM customers. Our business liability insurance may be inadequate or future coverage may be unavailable on acceptable terms, which could negatively impact our operating results and financial condition. Our standard warranty provisions attempt to put limits on damages and exclude liability for consequential damages and for misuse, improper installation, alteration, accident or mishandling while in the possession of someone other than us, but may be unenforceable or fail to limit our liability as intended. We record estimated warranty costs at the time revenue is recognized and subsequently review and adjust those estimates as additional information becomes available. We may incur additional expenses if our warranty provisions do not reflect the actual cost of resolving issues related to defects in our products, whether as a result of a product recall, epidemic failure or otherwise. If these additional expenses are significant, they could harm our business. The compromise, damage or interruption of our technology infrastructure, systems or products by cybersecurity incidents, data security breaches, other security problems, design defects or system failures could have a material negative impact on our business. We experience cybersecurity incidents of varying degrees on our technology infrastructure and systems and, as a result, unauthorized parties may obtain access to our computer systems and networks, including platforms. In addition, the technology infrastructure and systems of some of our suppliers, vendors, service providers, contract manufacturers, cloud solution providers and partners have in the past experienced, and may in the future experience, such incidents. Cybersecurity incidents can be caused by ransomware, computer attacks, data exfiltration, worms and other malicious software programs or other attacks, including the covert introduction of malware to computers and networks, and the use of techniques or processes that change frequently, may be disguised or difficult to detect, or are designed to remain dormant until a triggering event, and may continue undetected for an extended period of time. Cybersecurity incidents may result from social engineering or impersonation of authorized users, and may also result from efforts to discover and exploit any design flaws, bugs, security vulnerabilities or security weaknesses, intentional or unintentional acts by employees or other insiders with access privileges, intentional acts of vandalism or fraud by third parties and sabotage. In some instances, efforts to correct vulnerabilities or prevent incidents may reduce the functionality or performance of our computer systems and networks, which could negatively impact our business. We believe malicious cybersecurity acts are increasing in number and that cybersecurity threat actors are increasingly organized and or supported by state actors, and are developing increasingly sophisticated systems and means to not only infiltrate systems, but also to evade detection or to obscure their activities. Geopolitical tensions or conflicts may create heightened risk of cybersecurity incidents. Our increasing use of AI, including generative AI, agentic AI and automation technologies, may elevate the risk of cybersecurity incidents, whether through our authorized use of such technologies to perform business or operational tasks with limited human oversight or through malicious use by threat actors to automate, scale or adapt attacks against our systems, products, employees, customers, suppliers or partners. These technologies may be leveraged by threat actors to generate more convincing phishing or social engineering content, identify and exploit vulnerabilities more efficiently, create malicious code that is more difficult to detect, or automate, scale, adapt or obscure cyberattacks. In addition, AI systems may inadvertently expose sensitive information if not properly secured, governed, configured, monitored, or connected to systems or data containing confidential information. As AI tools become more accessible and sophisticated, the potential for their misuse increases, further complicating efforts to detect, prevent, and respond to cybersecurity threats. 17 Table of Contents Our products are also targets for malicious cybersecurity acts. While some of our products contain encryption or security algorithms to protect content or data stored on our products, these products could still be hacked or the encryption schemes could be compromised, breached or circumvented by motivated and sophisticated attackers, which could harm our business by exposing us to litigation and indemnification claims and hurting our reputation. In addition, our products themselves may contain vulnerabilities, whether due to design flaws, implementation errors, or integration with components, that could be exploited to gain unauthorized access to or disrupt functionality of the product. These vulnerabilities may be identified internally or disclosed by external security researchers, independent entities, or other third parties, including in the form of previously unknown or exploits. If efforts to breach our infrastructure, systems or products are successful or we are unable to protect against these risks, we could suffer interruptions, delays or cessation of operations of our systems, and loss or misuse of proprietary or confidential information, IP or sensitive or personal information. Compromises of our infrastructure, systems or products could also cause our customers and other affected third parties to suffer loss or misuse of proprietary or confidential information, IP or sensitive or personal information, and could harm our relationships with customers and other third parties and subject us to liability. As a result of actual or perceived breaches, we may experience additional costs, notification requirements, civil and administrative fines and penalties, indemnification claims, litigation or damage to our brand and reputation. All of these consequences could harm our reputation and our business and materially and negatively impact our operating results and financial condition. We may be adversely affected by the risks, challenges, and evolving regulatory landscape associated with the use of AI in our operations, product development, and business practices. We are increasingly leveraging AI technologies, including generative AI applications and tools, to support and enhance our various operational processes. While AI may promote efficiency and offer analytical advantages, it is complex and , and its implementation carries inherent risks. Implementation of AI technologies can be costly and , and the effectiveness or potential benefits of such technologies may vary depending on use case, integration, and oversight. The incorporation of AI algorithms or training methodologies into our operations or processes may result in flawed, irrelevant, insufficient, inaccurate, biased or outputs, potentially impacting our strategic choices, operational effectiveness, and regulatory compliance. These inaccuracies can arise from limitations in training data, algorithmic design, or unintended consequences of machine learning models. Actual or perceived deficiencies, failures or misuse in our implementation or use of AI could result in competitive disadvantages, operational inefficiencies, regulatory action, legal liability, brand or reputational harm, and negative financial results. In addition, the use of AI in the development of our products could potentially lead to ambiguities in intellectual property ownership, infringement or misappropriation risks, which could impact our competitive position and expose us to litigation, monetary penalties, or operational disruptions. The unauthorized or unapproved use of generative AI tools by our employees, contractors, or other third parties, as well as overreliance on AI automation or agentic AI without appropriate human oversight, may lead to the inadvertent disclosure of confidential, proprietary, or personal information, flawed or unauthorized actions, or other adverse consequences, including disruptions to business operations, exposing us to data security, privacy, legal, regulatory, and reputational risks. Misuse of such tools can also result in violations of applicable laws and regulations, including data protection and intellectual property laws. As legal and regulatory frameworks surrounding AI continue to evolve, we may be required to adapt our practices, policies, or systems, which could increase operational costs, limit innovation, or expose us to liability. This could materially affect our operations, financial condition, and ability to achieve our strategic objectives. BUSINESS AND STRATEGIC RISKS We rely substantially on strategic relationships with various partners, including Kioxia, which subjects us to risks and uncertainties that could harm our business. We have entered into and expect to continue to enter into strategic relationships with various partners for product development, manufacturing, sales growth and the supply of technologies, components, equipment and materials for use in our product design and manufacturing, including our business ventures with Kioxia. We depend on Flash Ventures for the development and manufacture of memory. Our strategic relationships, including Flash Ventures, are subject to various risks that could harm the value of our investments, our revenue and costs, our future rate of spending, our technology plans and our future growth opportunities. The terms of our agreements with Kioxia with respect to Flash Ventures require that substantially all of our memory be obtained from Flash Ventures, which limits our ability to respond to market demand and supply changes and makes our financial results particularly susceptible to variations from our forecasts and expectations. For example, we are contractually obligated to pay for 50% of the fixed costs of Flash Ventures regardless of whether we order any memory, and our orders placed with Flash Ventures on a rolling basis are binding. As a result, a failure to accurately forecast supply and demand could cause us to or in inventory, technology transitions or the expansion of Flash Ventures’ capacity. by us or our competitors can result in excess supply and lead to significant decreases in 18 Table of Contents our product prices, significant excess, obsolete inventory or inventory or underutilization charges, and the potential impairment of our investments in Flash Ventures. For example, in 2023, WDC incurred $296 million in charges for unabsorbed manufacturing overhead costs as a result of reduced utilization of its manufacturing capacity and $108 million in charges to write down its inventory as a result of decreases in market pricing. In 2025, we incurred $75 million in charges as a result of underutilization of our manufacturing capacity and $24 million in charges to write down our inventory. These charges were attributable to a significant imbalance of supply and demand and actions taken in response thereto. On the other hand, if we in Flash Ventures, or otherwise grow or transition Flash Ventures’ capacity too slowly, we may not have enough supply of memory, or the right type of memory, to meet demand on a timely and cost effective basis, and we may lose opportunities for revenue, gross margin and market share as a result. If our supply is limited, we might make strategic decisions with respect to the allocation of our supply among our products and customers, which could result in less favorable gross margins or damage customer relationships. In addition, while Flash Ventures is operating, our agreements with Kioxia contain certain limitations on our ability to work with third parties to manufacture memory or to fabricate memory beyond the capacity specified in the agreements, or to manufacture memory ourselves except to the extent that we acquire any manufacturing capacity of a Flash Ventures entity as a result of that entity’s dissolution, termination of its joint venture agreements or acquisition by us. This could also impair our ability to consolidate with other industry participants who manufacture memory. Our control over the operations of our business ventures may be limited, and our interests could diverge from our strategic partners’ interests regarding ongoing and future activities. For example, each Flash Ventures entity operates for a defined period of time agreed upon between the joint venture partners. Absent further extensions as mutually agreed between us and Kioxia, Flash Partners Ltd., Flash Alliance Ltd. and Flash Forward Ltd. are currently set to expire on December 31, 2034. Each Flash Ventures entity’s joint venture agreements may also earlier terminate upon the occurrence of certain specified events, including earlier dissolution by agreement of the parties or an event of default or bankruptcy. Upon the expiration of a Flash Ventures entity’s joint venture agreements, the applicable Flash Ventures entity will commence a process and be dissolved. Net proceeds from the dissolution will be distributed in kind or cash to us and Kioxia on a pro rata basis based on our respective ownership positions. The applicable Flash Venture entity will continue to operate during the period of winding up. Although we and Kioxia have agreed to extend the operating period for each Flash Ventures entity since the start of Flash Ventures, there is a risk that we and Kioxia will be unable to agree on a further extension of one or more of the Flash Ventures entities. Additionally, under the Flash Ventures agreements, we cannot unilaterally direct most of Flash Ventures’ activities, and we have some limitations on our ability to source flash outside of Flash Ventures. Flash Ventures requires significant investments by both Kioxia and us for technology transitions and capacity expansions, and our business could be harmed if our technology roadmap and investment plans are not sufficiently aligned with Kioxia’s. Lack of alignment with Kioxia with respect to Flash Ventures could negatively impact our ability to react quickly to changes in the market, or to stay at the forefront of technological advancement. Misalignment could arise due to changes in Kioxia’s strategic priorities, management, ownership or access to capital, which have changed in recent years and could continue to change. Kioxia’s stakeholders may include, or have included in the past, competitors, customers, a private equity firm, government entities or public stockholders. Kioxia’s management changes, ownership and capital structure could lead to delays in , disputes or changes in strategic direction that could negatively impact the strategic partnership, and therefore us. There may exist conflicts of interest between Kioxia’s stakeholders and Flash Ventures or us with respect to, among other things, protecting and growing Flash Ventures’ business, intellectual property and competitively sensitive confidential information. Together with Kioxia, we have funded, and may continue to fund, a portion of the investments required for Flash Ventures through lease financings. Continued availability of lease financings for Flash Ventures is not guaranteed and could be limited by several factors, including investor capacity and risk allocation policies, our or Kioxia’s financial performance, changes to our or Kioxia’s financing strategy, business, ownership or corporate structure and the availability of tools and equipment eligible for lease financing. To the extent that lease financings are not accessible on favorable terms or at all, more cash would be required to fund investments. Our strategic relationships are subject to additional risks that could harm our business, including, but not limited to, the following: • failure by our strategic partners to comply with applicable laws or employ effective internal controls; • difficulties and delays in product and technology development at, ramping production at and transferring technology to, our strategic partners; • declining financial performance of our strategic partners, including failure by our strategic partners to timely fund capital investments with us or otherwise meet their commitments, including paying a

[truncated]