Page 1 
20 August 2024   
MONADELPHOUS REPORTS 2024 FULL YEAR RESULTS 
 
Engineering company Monadelphous Group L imited (ASX: MND) (“the Company”) today announced 
revenue of $2.03 billion 1 for the year ended 30 June 2024, reflecting continued strong demand for 
maintenance services and higher levels of activity in the engineering construction sector.  
 
The Maintenance and Industrial Services division delivered a nother record annual revenue result of 
$1.32 billion, with high demand experienced across all sectors . The Company was awarded several 
long-term contracts and extensions in the energy sector and delivered a number of significant onshore 
and offshore turnarounds during the year.  
 
The Engineering Construction division reported revenue of $712.7 million1, up 31.5 per cent on the prior 
period. C onstruction activity increased following the award of several significant new construction 
contracts since 1 July 2023 valued at over $1.1 billion2.  
 
In total , t he Company secured more than  $3.0 billion2 in new contracts and extensions since the 
beginning of the financial year, with major contracts secured in the energy, lithium , iron ore and 
renewable energy sectors.  
 
Earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation (EBITDA) was $127.4 million3, an increase 
of 16.8 per cent on the prior year. The Company’s ongoing focus on operational discipline and 
productivity enhancement contributed to an improved EBITDA margin of 6.28 per cent for the year, up 
from 5.96 per cent in the previous period.  
 
Net profit after tax was $6 2.2 million, up 16.2 per cent on the prior year, delivering earnings per share 
of 64.1 cents. The Board of Directors declared a final dividend of 33 cents per share fully franked, taking 
the full year dividend to 58 cents. This represents an increase of 18.4 per cent on the prior 
corresponding period and yielded a dividend payout ratio of 91 per cent.  
 
Monadelphous ended the year with a very healthy cash balance of $225.9 million . Cash flow from 
operations for the year was $187.7 million, delivering an outstanding cash flow conversion rate of 169 
per cent. 
 
Monadelphous Managing Director Zoran Bebic said despite some recent commodity price volatility, key 
indicators of long-term resources and energy demand remain robust. 
 
“Prospects remain positive  in resources and energy, with Australian iron ore miners anticipated to 
continue investing, several new gas construction projects progressing, decarbonisation projects making 
up an increasing share of capital expenditure forecasts and the pipeline of renewal energy opportunities 
expanding.”  
 
1 Includes Monadelphous’ share of joint venture revenue – refer to page 12 for reconciliation.  
2 Includes contracts awarded from 1 July 2023 to the date of this report, less a $200 million reduction in construction work-in-hand resulting 
from termination of contracts for convenience by Albemarle announced after year end, following Albemarle’s recent review of its asset 
and cost structure.  
3 Refer to page 12 for reconciliation of EBITDA. 
Revenue $2.03 billion1, up 11% on FY23 
• Record full year revenue for Maintenance and Industrial Services – $1.32 billion  
• Engineering Construction revenue $712.7 million1, up 31.5% 
Secured more than $3.0 billion2 in new contracts and extensions 
EBITDA margin 6.28%, up from 5.96% pcp 
Net profit after tax up by 16.2% to $62.2 million, EPS 64.1c 
Full year dividend 58cps, dividend payout ratio 91% 
Cash flow from operations $187.7 million; cashflow conversion rate 169% 
Significant pipeline of opportunities in resources and energy sectors 
   
  
Page 2 
2024 FULL YEAR RESULTS 
 
The Directors of Monadelphous Group Limited are pleased to report the Company’s financial results for 
the year ended 30 June 2024. 
 
Revenue  
 
Monadelphous recorded revenue of $2.03 billion1 for the financial year ended 30 June 2024, in line with 
guidance provided to the market. The result, which is a 11 per cent increase on the prior year, reflects 
the continued strong demand for maintenance services, and higher levels of activity in the eng ineering 
construction sector.  
 
The Maintenance and Industrial Services division delivered a record annual revenue result of $1.32 
billion. Strong demand continued for maintenance services and sustaining capital works across all 
sectors, supporting customers to maintain ageing assets and optimise production levels. The result was 
driven by particularly high levels of maintenance activity in the energy sector, with a number of 
significant onshore and offshore turnarounds delivered during the year.  
 
The Engineering Construction division reported revenue of $712.7 million 1 for the 12 months, an 
increase of 31.5 per cent on the prior year. The division experienced high levels of construction activity 
during the period, having been awarded a number of significant new construction contracts since 1 July 
2023, valued at over $1.1 billion2. 
 
Statutory revenue for the period, which excludes Monadelphous’ share of revenue from joint ventures, 
was $2.01 billion, up 16.7 per cent on the 2023 financial year.  
 
Earnings  
 
Earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation (EBITDA) was $127.4 million3, an increase 
of 16.8 per cent on the prior year. The Company’s ongoing focus on operational discipline and 
productivity enhancement contributed to an improved EBITDA margin of 6.28 per cent for the year, up 
from 5.96 per cent in the previous period.  
 
Net profit after tax (NPAT) was $62.2 million, up 16.2 per cent on the prior year, delivering earnings per 
share of 64.1 cents.  
 
Dividend  
 
Monadelphous’ Board of Directors declared a final dividend of 33 cents per share, taking the full year 
fully franked dividend to 58 cents per share and yielding a payout ratio of 91 per cent. The 
Monadelphous Group Limited Dividend Reinvestment Plan will apply to the final dividend.  
 
Balance sheet  
 
Monadelphous ended the year with a very healthy cash balance of $225.9 million, supported by a 
number of significant advances received during the period associated with construction contract 
awards.  
 
Cash flow from operations was $187.7 million, delivering an outstanding cash flow conversion rate of 
169 per cent.  
 
Monadelphous’ strong balance sheet provides the Company with the financial capacity to take 
advantage of strategic investment opportunities when they arise.  
 
 
 
1 Includes Monadelphous’ share of joint venture revenue – refer to page 12 for reconciliation.  
2 Includes contracts awarded from 1 July 2023 to the date of this report, less a $200 million reduction in construction work-in-hand resulting 
from termination of contracts for convenience by Albemarle announced after year end, following Albemarle’s recent review of its asset 
and cost structure.  
2 Refer to page 12 for reconciliation of EBITDA. 
   
  
Page 3 
Statement of Claim  
 
On 26 July 2023, the Company announced that Northern SEQ Distributor – Retailer Authority, trading 
as UnityWater (UnityWater), had served a Claim and Statement of Claim in the Supreme Court of 
Queensland against one of Monadelphous’ wholly owned subsidiaries, Monadelphous Engineering Pty 
Ltd (ME).  
 
On 20 October 2023, UnityWater filed an amendment to that Statement of Claim in the Supreme Court 
Registry, amending the value of the claim to approximately $200 million.  
 
The claims made by UnityWater relate to a contract entered into by UnityWater and ME in 2016 for the 
design and construction of an upgrade to the Kawana Sewerage Treatment Plant on the Sunshine 
Coast in Queensland.  
 
Monadelphous denies the allegations and claimed losses and will vigorously defend the claims, as well 
as pursuing available counterclaims. The Company has informed its insurers of the claims.  
 
STRATEGIC PROGRESS  
 
Monadelphous continued to strengthen its position as a leader in the resources and energy sectors.  
 
To date, the Company has been awarded more than $3 billion1 in new contracts and contract extensions 
since the beginning of the 2024 financial year, with major contracts secured in the energy, lithium, iron 
ore and renewable energy sectors.  
 
In the energy sector, the Company secured a three-year extension, with a further two-year option, to its 
long-term services agreement with Woodside for onshore and offshore gas production facilities in 
Western Australia’s (WA) north-west region.   
 
Monadelphous was also awarded a significant variation, valued at approximately $75 million per annum, 
to its existing offshore maintenance services contract with INPEX Operations Australia. The variation 
extends existing contract works to include the provision of operational campaign and shutdown services 
at the INPEX-operated Ichthys LNG onshore processing facilities in Darwin, Northern Territory (NT).  
 
Subsequent to year end, Monadelphous was awarded a major long -term services contract to continue 
providing onshore support and offshore maintenance services associated with Shell Australia’s Prelude 
Floating Liquefied Natural Gas (FLNG) facility. Monadelphous has been providing services to Shell on 
Prelude FLNG since 2015. 
 
Also post 30 June 2024, the Company was awarded a construction contract with Woodside valued at 
approximately $200 million to provide mechanical, electrical, instrumentation and commissioning works 
required for modifications to the Pluto LNG Train 1 facili ty and associated infrastructure near Karratha 
in WA. This will enable gas from the Scarborough Energy Project to be processed at the Pluto Train 1 
facilities. 
 
The Company secured a significant amount of new construction work during the year, primarily in WA, 
including several major contracts in the lithium sector. These included contracts at Talison Lithium’s 
Greenbushes Project, Liontown Resources’ Kathleen Valley Lithium Project and Albemarle’s Kemerton 
Expansion Project.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
1 Includes contracts awarded from 1 July 2023 to the date of this report, less a $200 million reduction in construction work-in-hand resulting 
from termination of contracts for convenience by Albemarle announced after year end, following Albemarle’s recent review of its asset 
and cost structure.  
   
  
Page 4 
Following Albemarle’s 1 August 2024 announcement regarding a comprehensive review of its asset and 
cost structure, Monadelphous was notified that its construction contracts at the Kemerton Expansion 
Project had been terminated for convenience by Albemarle.  It was also subsequently notified that its 
maintenance services and sustaining capital projects contracts had been suspended. Company 
forecasts estimate that the aggregate revenue expected to be delivered from all works to be performed 
for Albemarle at the Kemerton Expansion Project for the year ended 30 June 2025 would have been in 
the range of $75 million to $85 million. The termination of these contracts reduces the Company’s 
construction work-in-hand by approximately $200 million. 
 
Monadelphous continued to experience strong demand for its services from the Western Australian iron 
ore sector, securing new contracts and extensions with long -term customers Rio Tinto, BHP and 
Fortescue, and delivering a high volume of maintenance and co nstruction work during the year. As 
testament to Monadelphous’ strong reputation  with customers for service delivery, the Company was 
named Rio Tinto’s 2024 Western Australian Supplier of the Year. 
 
Post year end, Mondium, Monadelphous’ engineering, procurement and construction joint venture with 
Lycopodium, was awarded a major design and construction contract by Rio Tinto for a new sampling 
facility at a port operation located in the Pilbara region of WA. 
 
Zenviron, the Company’s full -service balance -of-plant joint venture in the renewable energy sector, 
successfully completed work at Tilt Renewables’ Rye Park Wind Farm in New South Wales (NSW). It 
also entered the energy storage market, with the award of it s first battery storage contract at Tilt 
Renewables’ Latrobe Valley Battery Energy Storage System (BESS) Project located near Morwell, 
Victoria. 
 
During the year, Zenviron participated in a number of early works engagements relating to wind farm 
projects progressing toward final approval and investment decisions. Pleasingly, subsequent to year 
end, the Company was awarded a contract with CS Energy to deliver the Lotus Creek Wind Farm in 
central Queensland in partnership with Vestas.  
 
In October 2023, Monadelphous acquired Perth -based civil business Melchor Contracting, 
complementing its existing construction offering with a proven civil capability. Melchor provides 
earthworks, formwork, reinforcement fixing and concrete placement, and is well positioned for a pipeline 
of opportunities across multiple market sectors, including both standalone civil packages and vertically 
integrated multidisciplinary contracts.  
 
During the period, Monadelphous invested significantly in its heavy lift crane fleet to support operational 
delivery, expanding the capacity and capability of the fleet and undertaking major maintenance activities 
to extend the useful life of existing assets.   
 
In April 2024, the Company completed the construction of a major workshop and office facility in 
Karratha in the north -west of WA, where it has operated for more than 35 years. The significant 
investment provides a central hub for operations in the Pilbara, supports the delivery of high -quality 
services to customers, and further cements Monadelphous’ long -term commitment to this strategically 
important region. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
  
Page 5 
SUSTAINABILITY  
 
Monadelphous’ vision is to achieve long-term sustainable growth by being recognised as a leader in its 
chosen markets and a truly great company to work for, work with and invest in. The Company prioritises 
the safety and wellbeing of its people, ensuring the delivery of outstanding results for its customers and 
shareholders, and the enrichment of the communities in which its people live and work.  
 
The Company’s Sustainability Framework, which guides Monadelphous’ approach to long -term 
sustainable growth, focuses on the key areas of people, safety and wellbeing, diversity and inclusion, 
communities and environment. 
 
People  
 
The key to Monadelphous’ success is its people. The Company is focused on initiatives to attract, 
develop and retain high performing employees who are aligned with its values and culture.  
 
Despite ongoing challenges presented by skilled labour shortages in Australia, the Company’s 
workforce (including subcontractors) increased almost 31 per cent to 7,423 at the end of the financial 
year. The growth reflected improved retention rates, a ramp up in construction activity over the period, 
the acquisition of Melchor and the award of the INPEX onshore work scope.  
 
During the period, more than 300 people participated in early career pathways initiatives, which include 
Graduate, Vacation, Apprenticeship and Traineeship programs. For the first time, the Company also 
implemented a winter internship program.  
 
The Company continued to invest in the development of its current and emerging leaders through in -
house leadership programs and operational development forums. Monadelphous’ Registered Training 
Organisation delivered more than 1,800 courses to trades peopl e throughout the year, including high 
risk work license accreditation and verification of competency training. 
 
Monadelphous conducted a review of its long-term leadership reward programs, which are designed to 
support the retention of key talent in a manner aligned to shareholder interests, implementing the Long-
Term Senior Leadership Performance Reward Plan (LTPR Plan). The LTPR Plan provides awards of 
performance rights that vest three years after grant subject to the employee’s continued employment 
and the achievement of an Earnings Per Share growth performance hurdle.  
 
Following an employee engagement survey undertaken in the previous period, the Company 
implemented a range of actions to support employee retention. Initiatives included enhancing workplace 
flexibility practices, improving communication around upcoming opp ortunities and employee benefits, 
and ensuring the continued maintenance of safe, respectful and inclusive workplaces.  
 
As part of Monadelphous’ commitment to ensuring the prevention and elimination of unacceptable 
workplace behaviour, the Company continued to progress the actions included in its 
Respect@Monadelphous framework. Initiatives undertaken during the year include d annual Code of 
Conduct Refresher training which is mandatory for all employees, a pilot buddy program for new female 
recruits, and active partnerships with domestic violence support organisations.  
 
Safety and Wellbeing  
 
The Company’s Total Recordable Injury Frequency Rate for the year ended 30 June 2024 was 3.02 
incidents per million hours worked, a 12.5 percent improvement on the prior corresponding period.  
 
The Company’s commitment to safety and innovation led to industry recognition during the year, 
including a Queensland Work Well Award for ‘Best demonstrated healthy and safe work design’ and the 
2023 Queensland and Northern Territory Welding Excellence Awa rds: Health and Safety in Welding 
Award. Melchor’s commitment to employee wellbeing was also recognised, with the business named a 
finalist for a Mentally Healthy Workplace Award in the WA Mental Health Awards.  
 
 
   
  
Page 6 
Monadelphous continued its extended Fatal Risk Controls campaign focused on further improving the 
identification, reduction and elimination of fatal risks. During the period the Company rolled out its 
annual divisional health and safety campaigns, reinforc ing employee awareness of common safety 
risks, as well as refreshing its Delivering the Safe Way safety behaviour framework, which promotes 
discussion and reflection on individual behaviours. 
 
As part of its ongoing commitment to employee health and wellbeing, the Company offered a range of 
complimentary physical health services to employees, including skin checks and heart health checks. 
A series of online information sessions were also impleme nted, focusing on topics including women’s 
health, nutrition and mental health.  
 
The Company implemented a range of mental health initiatives supporting employees and their families 
to develop resilience and improve emotional wellbeing, including partnering with the Resilience Project 
and participating in national awareness campaigns. In addition, it also launched Mental Health Lived 
Experience Talks for team members to share personal experiences and to encourage meaningful 
conversations, with training in mental health first aid introduced for Monadelphous’ Wellbeing 
Supporters.  
 
The Company also completed an independent review of psycho -social risk management systems to 
identify opportunities for continuous improvement in supporting the wellbeing of its people.  
 
The Gladstone Workshop team were recipients of the Monadelphous Managing Director’s Safety 
Innovation Award for developing an innovative, safer solution for removing and refurbishing heat 
exchangers. This method significantly reduces risk in the refurbishment of heater cassettes, eliminates 
the requirement for confined space work, and delivers a substantial improvement in productivity.  
 
Diversity, Community and Environment  
 
Monadelphous remains committed to making a positive contribution to the communities in which it 
operates, increasing diversity and inclusion across its workforce and improving its environmental 
sustainability.   
 
The Company continued to progress the commitments outlined in its fourth Reconciliation Action Plan 
(RAP) and second Stretch RAP, providing long-term Indigenous employment opportunities, supporting 
Indigenous businesses and delivering training and development programs.  
 
Monadelphous exceeded its RAP targets for both Indigenous workforce participation and Indigenous 
business spend during the year ended 30 June 2024. The Company’s Indigenous workforce increased 
by 42 per cent during the period, ending the year with an Indig enous participation of 4.1 per cent (up 
from 3.3 per cent last year), with Monadelphous’ Indigenous business spend up 67 per cent to 
approximately $20 million. The Company continued to deliver the Indigenous Pathways Program, 
offering current and future em ployees traineeships, apprenticeships and tertiary study support, in 
partnership with Rio Tinto.  
 
Through its ongoing partnership with the Polly Farmer Foundation, Monadelphous continued support 
of both the Follow the Dream (school -based) and Living the Dream (Follow the Dream alumni) 
programs. This included hosting school visits, delivering pro-bono trades-related training for Foundation 
alumni, and awarding scholarships to students participating in the Living the Dream program to pursue 
educational pathways.  
 
Monadelphous released its enhanced cultural awareness online learning, incorporating cultural safety 
activities to foster an environment of understanding and respect across the business.  
 
The Company also continued to progress initiatives within its Gender Diversity and Inclusion plan, 
focusing on ensuring a safe, respectful and inclusive workplace for all, increasing female participation 
through early career pathways, nurturing key female talent, and removing gender -based barriers to 
entering trade roles.  
 
Pleasingly, Monadelphous was recognised as the winner in the Outstanding Company Initiative Award 
at the Chamber of Minerals and Energy WA (CME) 2024 Women in Resources Awards for its Crane 
Operations Pathway Traineeship Program, a three -year program desig ned to prepare female and 
Indigenous trainees to qualify as crane operators. 
   
  
Page 7 
Through its partnership with National Association of Women in Operations (NAWO), Monadelphous 
provided networking and learning opportunities for employees. As a part of International Women’s Day 
celebrations, the Company provided additional resources to im prove awareness of gender equality in 
the workplace and hosted events for women to share their experiences. 
 
During the year, Monadelphous supported over 80 community initiatives, contributing more than 
$260,000 in funds and approximately 550 volunteering hours to charities, local groups and grassroots 
organisations. This included support of the Company’s charity partner, Starick, supporting women and 
children escaping family and domestic violence in WA. 
 
The Company also launched its inaugural Karratha Community Grants Program as part of its long-term 
commitment to the region, which saw over 20 community grassroots organisations successfully 
awarded grants, including local sporting clubs, schools and community support programs. 
 
Monadelphous continued to work towards minimising the impact of its operations on the environment, 
as well as enhancing its data capture processes to enable improved decision making and the tracking 
of progress towards its Net Zero by 2050 goal.  
 
During the year, alternative low emission welding pre-heating methods were trialled to reduce reliance 
on liquid petroleum gas (LPG), along with trials of hybrid power supply using diesel generators and 
battery storage solutions.  
 
Monadelphous increased the composition of its hybrid vehicle fleet, trialled fully electric vehicles and 
commenced installation of small -scale solar panels to power battery operated tooling in vehicles and 
stores. The Company also installed solar panels on  its new Karratha facility and is undertaking a 
program to transition other facilities to renewable power.  
 
With the incoming mandatory Australian climate reporting requirements, the Company undertook a 
review of the exposure draft reporting standards and completed a gap analysis identifying process 
improvements required to effectively address future disclosure obligations. The Company is currently 
working through these actions to improve its external reporting of climate -related risks and 
opportunities. 
 
PRODUCTIVITY AND INNOVATION  
 
Monadelphous strives for continuous improvement by identifying and implementing innovative solutions 
and work practices that drive increased productivity, support its commitment to safety, create efficiencies 
and deliver maximum value to customers.   
 
Fabrication and deployment of the Company’s innovative ‘plug and play’ modular building solutions 
commenced during the year, transforming prefabricated storage containers into standardised site 
facilities such as offices, crib rooms and training rooms. Plu g and play facilities were installed at Rio 
Tinto’s Western Range and Talison Lithium’s Chemical Grade Plant 3 project sites, creating cost and 
time efficiencies and reducing the effort involved in establishing site facilities. 
 
Following trials, the Company undertook installation of driver fatigue and distraction monitoring 
technology in over 100 light vehicles. The technology improves safety by leveraging computer vision, 
artificial intelligence and haptic feedback to provide real-time driver alerts.  
 
Over 130 innovations were ideated and implemented across the Company during the year, generating 
a range of safety, cost and productivity benefits.  Implemented initiatives included application of 3D 
printing for the manufacture of unique supply components to alleviate supply chain delays, introduction 
of new project management applications which maximise data -backed decision -making, and the 
ongoing digitalisation and automation of in-field processes. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
  
Page 8 
OPERATIONAL ACTIVITY  
 
Engineering Construction  
 
Monadelphous’ Engineering Construction division, which provides large-scale, multidisciplinary project 
management and construction services, reported revenue of $712.7 million 1 for the year, 31.5 per cent 
up on the previous corresponding period.  
 
The division has been awarded more than $1.1 billion2 of new construction contracts since the beginning 
of the financial year, with significant contracts secured in the iron ore, lithium, energy, rare earths and 
renewable energy sectors. 
 
In iron ore, Monadelphous continued to progress work for BHP’s Car Dumper  3 Renewal Project at 
Nelson Point in Port Hedland, WA, which includes structural, mechanical and piping works. Late in the 
period, the Company secured a contract with Rio Tinto for s hutdown and miscellaneous works at the 
Western Range Project in the Pilbara region of WA. 
 
The Company also completed the supply and construction of an overland conveyor at Fortescue’s 
Christmas Creek mine in the Pilbara region of WA. The scope of work included civil, structural, 
mechanical, piping, electrical and instrumentation works, with ste elwork supplied by Inteforge. 
Monadelphous also supported Fortescue to expand the iron ore export capacity of its stockyard facility 
and managed a number of shutdowns at Anderson Point in Port Hedland, WA.   
 
Subsequent to year end, Monadelphous was  awarded a multidisciplinary construction contract under 
its WAIO Asset Panel Framework Agreement with BHP associated with the dewatering of surplus water 
from Orebody 32 in Newman, W A. The work includes the installation of civil, concrete, mechanical, 
piping, structural and electrical and instrumentation infrastructure, and is expected to be completed in 
the second half of 2025. 
 
In the lithium sector, Monadelphous secured work with Liontown Resources, Talison Lithium and 
Albemarle (which was subsequently terminated for convenience by Albemarle following a recent review 
of asset and cost structure). 
 
Monadelphous was awarded a contract valued at approximately $100 million with Liontown Resources 
for construction of the wet plant at the Kathleen Valley Lithium Project, north of Leinster in the Northern 
Goldfields region of WA. The Company was also award ed a multidisciplinary construction contract 
valued at approximately $160 million for Talison Lithium’s Chemical Grade Plant 3 (CGP3) at the 
Greenbushes site in the south-west of WA.  
 
In the energy sector, Monadelphous secured a construction contract with Chevron Australia for its 
Jansz-Io Compression Project in WA. The Company commenced mobilisation to the project in early 
2024, with the work, including the installation and modificatio n of electrical power and control facilities, 
expected to be complete in late 2025. 
 
Monadelphous completed its scope of work with Lynas Rare Earths for Stage 1 of the Mt Weld 
Expansion Project in the Goldfields region of WA, which included structural, mechanical and piping 
works associated with the new concentrate processing facility.   
 
In Mongolia, Monadelphous successfully progressed construction of surface infrastructure at the Oyu 
Tolgoi Underground Project, with Inteforge completing the fabrication of mechanical platework and 
piping for the project.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
1 Includes Monadelphous’ share of joint venture revenue. 
2 Includes contracts awarded from 1 July 2023 to the date of this report, less a $200 million reduction in construction work-in-hand resulting 
from termination of contracts for convenience by Albemarle announced after year end, following Albemarle’s recent review of its asset 
and cost structure.  
   
  
Page 9 
Inteforge also completed the fabrication and assembly of hydrogen separator modules for HydrogenPro 
associated with a renewable energy project in the United States of America and continued to supply 
and fabricate wellhead separator skids under its Master Goods Agreement with Origin Energy.  
 
Monadelphous provided heavy lift services and associated engineering support and supply of 
equipment to several projects across Australia, including to the CPB Contractors and John Holland Joint 
Venture for the West Gate Tunnel Project in Melbourne, Victoria, and Fortescue’s Solomon and Eliwana 
mine sites in the Pilbara, WA.  
 
Finally, Alevro, Monadelphous’ heavy lifting services joint venture with Fagioli, delivered specialist 
haulage and lifting services to Bechtel at Woodside’s Pluto Train 2 project in Karratha, WA.  
 
Maintenance and Industrial Services 
 
Monadelphous’ Maintenance and Industrial Services division, which specialises in the planning, 
management and execution of multidisciplinary maintenance services, turnarounds and sustaining 
capital works, recorded revenue for the period of $1.32 billion, another record result. 
 
The division continued to experience high demand for maintenance services across all sectors, having 
secured approximately $1.9 billion in new contracts and contract extensions since the beginning of the 
2024 financial year, including several major long-term extensions and variations with energy customers. 
 
In the energy sector, the Company secured a three -year extension to its long -term maintenance, 
shutdown and brownfields project services agreement with Woodside for onshore and offshore gas 
production facilities in WA’s north -west region, with an option fo r a further two years.  The contract is 
valued at approximately $180 million per annum. 
  
Monadelphous was also awarded a significant variation, valued at approximately $75 million per annum, 
to its existing offshore maintenance services contract with INPEX Operations Australia. The variation 
extends existing contract works to include the provision of operational campaign and shutdown services 
at the INPEX -operated Ichthys LNG onshore processing facilities in Darwin, NT. During the year, the 
Company successfully commenced work onshore, employing approximately 250 people onsite, in 
addition to the Perth-based support team. 
 
Subsequent to year end, Monadelphous was awarded a major long-term maintenance, turnaround and 
construction services contract to continue providing onshore and offshore services associated with Shell 
Australia’s Prelude Floating Liquefied Natural Gas (FLNG ) facility. The contract is for a term of seven 
years and commences at the expiry of the Company’s existing contract in November 2024. 
Monadelphous has been providing services to Shell on Prelude FLNG for the past nine years.  
 
In addition to the long -term work secured with Woodside, INPEX and Shell, Monadelphous was 
awarded a three -year services contract, with three one -year extension options, to continue providing 
sustaining capital projects and maintenance support at Santos’ p roduction and support facilities in the 
Southern Highlands region of Papua New Guinea. The Company also secured a two-year extension to 
its existing contract for the provision of midstream maintenance and turnaround services at Shell QGC’s 
Curtis Island operations in Gladstone, Queensland. 
 
Monadelphous delivered a high volume of shutdown, sustaining capital and maintenance work for 
customers during the financial year, particularly within the energy and iron ore sectors.  
 
The Company performed a significant turnaround at the Shell Prelude FLNG facility, and multiple 
onshore and offshore shutdowns for Woodside at the Goodwyn and North Rankin facilities, Karratha 
Gas Plant and Pluto LNG facilities. In addition, operational ca mpaign and maintenance services were 
also provided at INPEX Operations Australia’s offshore and onshore facilities associated with the 
Ichthys LNG Project.  
 
The Company progressed decommissioning work with Petrofac on the Northern Endeavour floating 
production, storage and offtake facility, its first oil and gas decommissioning project. This work 
strengthens Monadelphous’ position for a future wave of decommissioning activity in Australia’s North-
West Shelf and Bass Strait regions.  
   
  
Page 10 
Monadelphous continued to deliver a significant volume of services work in iron ore, including under its 
long-term maintenance and non -process infrastructure panel agreements with Fortescue. The 
Company was appointed to a further panel providing fixed plan t projects across Fortescue’s Pilbara 
operations until mid-2025, with a one-year extension option.  
 
The Company secured a one-year extension to its sustaining capital works master services agreement 
with Rio Tinto providing multidisciplinary project services across its Pilbara iron ore operations, and 
progressed work on the construction of a potable water distribution system at Rio Tinto’s Hope Downs 
4 mine. 
 
Monadelphous was also awarded an extension to its existing contract providing general maintenance 
services to BHP’s iron ore operations in the Pilbara region of WA through to mid-2025, with a one-year 
extension option, and secured additional maintenance se rvices contract extensions across BHP 
operations at Nickel West, WA, Mt Arthur Coal in the Hunter Valley, NSW, and Olympic Dam mine site 
in South Australia (SA).  
 
In Papua New Guinea, the Company secured a contract to continue providing sustaining capital projects 
and maintenance support activities for a further three years at Newmont’s gold operations at Lihir Island.  
 
BMC, Monadelphous’ Victorian-based specialist electrical and maintenance services business, secured 
an outage contract at the Loy Yang B power station in Traralgon. The successful completion of the 
shutdown work strengthens the Company’s position in the energy generation, transmission and storage 
market on the east coast.  
 
In Queensland, Monadelphous secured a two -year extension to its existing contract providing 
mechanical maintenance services at Queensland Alumina Limited’s operations located in Gladstone, 
as well as a three -year contract to continue providing rope access and associated services for 
Dalrymple Bay Coal Terminal in Hay Point. In the NT, the Company was awarded a two-year extension 
to continue providing mechanical, electrical and access maintenance services for fixed plant shutdowns 
at Rio Tinto’s Gove operations.     
 
Other significant contract activity undertaken by Monadelphous during the period included:  
• rail maintenance projects for Pacific National across WA, NSW and SA; 
• dragline shutdowns for BHP Mitsubishi Alliance in Mackay, Queensland;  
• major shutdown, mechanical services and minor capital works at South32’s Worsley Alumina 
operations;  
• shutdown maintenance work for Origin’s gas processing facilities in Queensland;  
• operation and maintenance of the coal handling facility at the Muja Power Station for Synergy 
in Collie, WA;  
• general, electrical and mechanical maintenance, shutdown support and tank refurbishment 
services at Boddington Gold Mine, WA, and Tanami Gold Mine, NT; and 
• maintenance, shutdown and sustaining capital works for Albemarle’s lithium hydroxide plant in 
Kemerton, WA.   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
  
Page 11 
MARKETS AND OUTLOOK  
 
Fundamental indicators of long-term resources and energy demand, such as sustained global economic 
growth, urbanisation and decarbonisation, remain robust and are expected to support commodity 
prices. Despite ongoing short -term global uncertainties and cautious sentiment, the resources and 
energy sectors continue to provide a significant pipeline of opp ortunities, with projects related to 
decarbonisation making up an increasing share of capital expenditure forecasts.  
 
Production across most commodities is expected to remain high, supporting ongoing sustaining capital 
and maintenance activity.  Australian iron ore miners are anticipated to continue investing to sustain 
production levels with a focus on operational discip line and efficiency to maintain their competitive 
global cost position. 
 
Price volatility in certain commodities over the past year has resulted in reduced production, some 
cessation of operations, and the deferral of capital spend, particularly in nickel and lithium. Despite this 
uncertainty, the level of mining and mineral pr ocessing development in the energy transition metals 
sector is projected to remain high over the long-term. This includes the copper sector, which will require 
significant capital investment to address forecast demand shortfalls.  
 
Prospects in the energy sector remain positive, with several new gas construction projects currently 
underway or in development and strong ongoing demand for maintenance services. Additionally, the 
increasing need for decommissioning of oil and gas assets is expected to create opportunities over the 
coming decade. 
 
Decarbonisation investments across customer operations, including electrification, energy storage and 
hydrogen, are beginning to proceed to investment.   
 
Continued efforts to decarbonise the Australian power sector have been affected by network 
constraints, delayed planning approvals and supply chain pressures. Despite these challenges, the 
pipeline of renewable energy opportunities is expanding, with numer ous new wind farms and battery 
energy storage projects in various stages of development. Zenviron remains well positioned to capitalise 
on the significant growth anticipated in this sector over coming years. Additionally, ongoing investment 
in electricity transmission infrastructure and grid stability will be essential to support the increased 
introduction of renewable energy generation.  
 
While general labour availability has moderated slightly, Australia continues to face a shortage of skilled 
labour. Monadelphous continues to focus on employee attraction, training, and development initiatives 
aimed at fostering retention and bolstering workforce capability and capacity. 
 
Market opportunities remain strong with further contract awards expected over coming months, and 
given the constraints on skilled labour and other key inputs, the Company will adopt a selective and 
targeted approach to new work. Monadelphous will continue to engage collaboratively with its 
customers to support high standards of delivery, focusing on quality of earnings and appropriate risk 
allocation. 
 
With a strong balance sheet, Monadelphous will continue to assess potential acquisition opportunities 
to facilitate service expansion, market diversification and long-term sustainable growth.  
 
In conclusion, I would like to thank the talented and committed team at Monadelphous for their loyalty 
and dedication to the Company’s continued growth and another strong year. I also extend my 
appreciation to our shareholders, customers and our many other stakeholders for their ongoing support. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
  
Page 12 
Revenue including joint ventures is a non -IFRS measure which does not have any standardised 
meaning prescribed by IFRS and therefore may not be comparable to revenue presented by other 
companies. This measure, which is unaudited, is important to management when used as an additional 
means to evaluate the Company’s performance. 
 
Reconciliation of Total Revenue from Contracts with Customers including joint ventures to 
Statutory Revenue from Contracts with Customers (unaudited) 
 
1 Represents Monadelphous’ proportionate share of the revenue from joint ventures accounted for using 
the equity method. 
 
 
EBITDA is a non-IFRS earnings measure which does not have any standardised meaning prescribed 
by IFRS and therefore may not be comparable to EBITDA presented by other companies. This measure, 
which is unaudited, is important to management as an additional way to evaluate the Company’s 
performance. 
 
Reconciliation of profit before income tax to EBITDA (unaudited): 
 
2 Represents Monadelphous’ proportionate share of the interest, depreciation, amortisation and tax of 
joint ventures accounted for using the equity method. 
  
 2024 2023 
 $’000 $’000 
   
Total revenue from contracts with customers including 
joint ventures 2,029,758 1,828,755 
Share of revenue from joint ventures 1 (21,196) (107,799) 
Statutory revenue from contracts with customers 2,008,562 1,720,956 
 2024 2023 
 $’000 $’000 
   
Profit before income tax 91,945 73,446 
Interest expense on loans and hire purchase finance 
charges 2,345 1,986 
Interest expense on other lease liabilities  1,441 1,509 
Interest revenue (7,353) (4,300) 
Depreciation of owned and hire purchase assets 29,005 25,128 
Depreciation of right of use assets  8,714 8,029 
Amortisation of intangibles 747 - 
Share of interest, depreciation, amortisation and tax of 
joint ventures 2 592 3,285 
EBITDA  127,436 109,083 
   
  
Page 13 
DIVIDEND ENTITLEMENTS  
 
The fully franked final dividend of 33 cents per share will be paid to shareholders on 27 September 
2024 with the record date for entitlements being 6 September 2024. 
 
Updating Direct Credit Details 
 
Monadelphous strongly encourages all shareholders in Australia and New Zealand to update their 
Australian or New Zealand banking details online through Computershare’s Investor Centre website at 
www.computershare.com.au/easyupdate/MND. Alternatively, you may contact Computershare on 1300 
364 961 (within Australia) or + 61 3 9946 4415 (outside Australia). Payments will be made in the 
currency of the bank account which is recorded on the register as at 6 September 2024. 
 
 
 
Further Information 
 
Analysts/Investors 
Kristy Glasgow 
Investor Relations 
T +61 8 9316 6386 
M +61 403 781 909 
Investor_relations@monadel.com.au  
 
Media 
Ella McCarthy 
Group Manager - Marketing and Communications  
T +61 8 6311 1018 
M +61 401 404 874 
EMcCarthy@monadel.com.au 
About Monadelphous 
 
With over 50 years of experience, Monadelphous Group Limited (ASX: MND) is a leading Australian 
engineering group providing construction, maintenance and industrial services to the resources, energy 
and infrastructure sectors. The Company has two operating divisions − Engineering Construction, 
providing large-scale multidisciplinary project management and construction services, and Maintenance 
and Industrial Services, specialising in the planning, management and execution of mechani cal and 
electrical maintenance services, shutdowns, fixed plant maintenance services and sustaining capital 
works. 
 
Monadelphous is headquartered in Perth, Western Australia, with a major office in Brisbane, 
Queensland, and offices, projects, facilities and workshops across Australia and in China, Mongolia, 
Papua New Guinea and the Philippines. Please visit www.monadelphous.com.au for further 
information.