1 July 2026 
 
Company Announcements 
Australian Securities Exchange Limited 
Level 4, 20 Bridge Street 
SYDNEY   NSW   2000 
AUSTRALIA 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Dear Sir / Madam 
 
RE: MONADELPHOUS CONTRACTS UPDATE  
 
Please find attached an announcement to be issued today by Monadelphous Group Limited regarding 
the award of new construction and maintenance contracts.  
 
Authorised by 
 
Philip Trueman 
Company Secretary 
 
  
For personal use only
 
 
ASX RELEASE 
1 July 2026 
MONADELPHOUS CONTRACTS UPDATE 
 
Engineering company Monadelphous Group Limited (ASX: MND) (“Monadelphous” or “the Company”) 
today announced the award of new construction and maintenance contracts in the resources and energy 
sectors valued at more than $200 million.  
 
Monadelphous has secured two contracts with Fortescue. The first is for the installation of wind turbine 
generators (WTGs) associated with the Nullagine Wind Project in Western Australia, further extending 
the scope of services provided in support of Fortescue’s continued decarbonisation objectives. The 
Company has also been awarded  a three -year contract  to continue delivering maintenance 
services across Fortescue’s Pilbara operations in Western Australia. 
 
In Queensland, the Company has secured a three-year contract (with two one -year extension options) 
to provide multidisciplinary services at Santos’ upstream field development and production operations.  
Monadelphous has also been awarded a contract with Santos for the construction of temporary camp 
facilities associated with the APF Tie-In Project in the Southern Highlands region of Papua New Guinea, 
with work expected to be completed by the end of 2026. 
 
Finally, the Company has secured a three -year contract to continue providing operation and 
maintenance services at Synergy’s Muja Power Station in Collie, Western Australia.  
 
Further Information 
 
Analysts/Investors 
Kristy Glasgow 
Investor Relations 
T +61 8 9316 6386 
M +61 403 781 909 
Investor_relations@monadel.com.au 
Media 
Ella McCarthy 
Group Manager - Marketing and Communications   
T +61 8 6311 1018  
M +61 401 404 874  
EMcCarthy@monadel.com.au 
 
 
About Monadelphous 
 
With over 50 years of experience, Monadelphous Group Limited (ASX: MND) is a leading Australian 
engineering group providing construction, maintenance and industrial services to the resources, energy 
and infrastructure sectors. The Company has two operating  divisions − Engineering Construction, 
providing large -scale multidisciplinary  and vertically integrated  project management and construction 
services, and Maintenance and Industrial Services, specialising in the planning, management and 
execution of mechan ical and electrical maintenance services, shutdowns and sustaining capital works.   
 
Monadelphous is headquartered in Perth, Western Australia, with a major office in Brisbane, Queensland, 
and offices, projects, facilities and workshops across Australia and in China, Mongolia, Papua New Guinea, 
Vietnam and the Philippines. Please visit www.monadelphous.com.au for further information. 
For personal use only