Page 1 of 16 
 
 
 
 
25 August 2026 
Company Announcements 
Australian Securities Exchange Limited 
Level 4, 20 Bridge Street 
SYDNEY   NSW   2000 
AUSTRALIA 
Dear Sir / Madam 
RE: MONADELPHOUS REPORTS 2026 FULL YEAR RESULTS  
 
Please find attached a media release to be issued today by Monadelphous Group Limited regarding its 
results for the financial year ended 30 June 2026.  
 
Authorised by 
 
Philip Trueman 
Company Secretary 
 
For personal use only
Page 2 of 16 
 
 
ASX/MEDIA RELEASE 
25 August 2026 
MONADELPHOUS REPORTS 2026 FULL YEAR RESULTS 
 
Record revenue $2.98 billion1, up 31.5% on pcp 
Net profit after tax $127.3 million, up 52.1% on pcp 
Earnings Per Share 127.6c, up 50.1% on pcp 
Full year dividend 108 cps, up 50% on pcp 
Secured more than $2.7 billion in new contracts and extensions since 1 July 2025 
Expanded service offering and integrated delivery capability  
 
Engineering company Monadelphous Group Limited (ASX: MND) (“Monadelphous” or “the Company”) 
today announced its financial results for the year ended 30 June 2026, reporting a record revenue of 
$2.98 billion1, an increase of 31.5 per cent on the previous period.  
 
Strong operating conditions were experienced across all sectors, with activity levels supported by the 
record level of work secured during the prior year. 
 
The Engineering Construction division delivered revenue of $1.37 billion1, up 48.5 per cent from last 
year, reflecting the success of the Company’s service expansion and integrated services delivery strategy.  
 
The Maintenance and Industrial Services division reported record annual revenue of $1.61 billion, an 
increase of 20 per cent, off the back of high levels of turnaround activity and project work in the energy 
sector, and increased levels of maintenance activity with iron ore customers. 
 
Strong operational performance and economies of scale resulting from growth during the period drove 
a significant lift in earnings, with net profit after tax up 52.1 per cent to $127.3 million. Earnings before 
interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation (EBITDA) was $226.0 million2, up 42.9 per cent on the prior 
period, delivering an EBITDA margin of 7.58 per cent. 
 
Earnings per share was 127.6 cents, and the Board of Directors declared a final dividend of 59 cents per 
share fully franked, taking the full year dividend to 108 cents per share. 
 
Monadelphous made strong progress on its markets and growth strategy, expanding the Company’s 
delivery capability and service offering with the acquisitions of Kerman Contracting, Australian Power 
Industry Partners and High Energy Service. 
 
Managing Director Zoran Bebic said Monadelphous’ committed work levels remain high, with more 
than $680 million in new contracts secured since the beginning of the new financial year, and a robust 
pipeline of new opportunities.  
 
 
 
1 Includes Monadelphous’ share of joint venture revenue – refer to page 15 for reconciliation. 
2 Refer to page 15 for reconciliation of EBITDA. 
For personal use only
Page 3 of 16 
 
“The long-term outlook for the resources and energy sector remains strong. Investment is expected in 
both new resource projects and existing operations, with multiple gas construction projects and 
sustained demand for maintenance services presenting opportunities in the energy sector.  
 
“Increasing demand, coupled with Australia's energy transition, is driving long-term investment in 
energy generation, storage, and transmission infrastructure, with Monadelphous well positioned to 
capitalise on these opportunities by leveraging its broadening services capability.”  
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
For personal use only
Page 4 of 16 
 
2026 FULL YEAR RESULTS 
 
FINANCIAL RESULTS  
 
Revenue  
 
Monadelphous reported a record annual revenue result of $2.98 billion1 for the financial year ended 30 
June 2026, a 31.5 per cent increase on the prior year, with strong operating conditions experienced 
across all sectors.  
 
Activity levels were supported by the record level of work secured during the previous period, together 
with more than $2.7 billion in new contracts and contract extensions awarded since the beginning of 
the 2026 financial year.  
 
The Engineering Construction division delivered revenue of $1.37 billion1, an increase of around 48.5 
per cent on the prior year, with significant project activity experienced in the iron ore sector. The result 
also reflected the success of the Company’s service expansion and integrated services delivery strategy, 
with growth in the Melchor civil business and Inteforge’s fabrication services, as well as the acquisition 
of Kerman Contracting. Zenviron, the Company’s renewable energy business, also experienced higher 
activity levels with the delivery of larger wind and battery energy storage projects.  
 
The Maintenance and Industrial Services division reported record annual revenue of $1.61 billion, up 20 
per cent on last year, reflecting high levels of turnaround activity and project work in the energy sector, 
and increased levels of maintenance activity with iron ore customers. 
 
Statutory revenue from contracts with customers, which excludes Monadelphous’ share of revenue from 
joint ventures, was $2.79 billion.   
 
Earnings  
 
Strong operational performance and economies of scale resulting from growth during the period drove 
a significant lift in earnings for the Company. 
 
Earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation (EBITDA) was $226.0 million2, an increase of 
42.9 per cent on the prior period, delivering an EBITDA margin of 7.58 per cent. 
 
Net profit after tax was $127.3 million, up 52.1 per cent compared to the prior financial year, resulting 
in earnings per share of 127.6 cents. 
 
Dividend  
 
Monadelphous’ Board of Directors declared a final dividend of 59 cents per share, taking the full year 
fully franked dividend to 108 cents per share, resulting in a dividend payout ratio of 85 per cent. 
 
The Monadelphous Group Limited Dividend Reinvestment Plan will apply to the final dividend.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
1 Includes Monadelphous’ share of joint venture revenue – refer to page 15 for reconciliation. 
2 Refer to page 15 for reconciliation of EBITDA.  
For personal use only
Page 5 of 16 
 
Balance sheet  
 
Monadelphous ended the year with a cash balance of $293.6 million, boosted by a number of material 
advances associated with the award of several large construction contracts. Increased activity levels 
within the business contributed to cash flow from operations for the period of $245.1 million and the 
Company delivered a strong cash flow conversion rate of 147.4 per cent.  
 
The Company’s strong balance sheet continues to support investment in strategic growth opportunities 
that will deliver long-term business sustainability and shareholder value. 
 
STRATEGIC PROGRESS 
 
Monadelphous has been awarded more than $2.7 billion in new work since 1 July 2025 and enters the 
2027 financial year with a strong pipeline of committed work, an expanded customer base and a 
broadening capability aligned with long-term industry growth prospects. 
 
Over $1.6 billion of construction and maintenance contracts were secured in Western Australia’s (WA) 
iron ore sector during the period.  
 
In construction, awards included a multidisciplinary contract with BHP associated with the Jimblebar 
Train Load Out Replacement Project, a car dumper replacement contract, also with BHP, valued at 
approximately $175 million, and a contract with Rio Tinto worth approximately $250 million for the 
Brockman Syncline 1 iron ore development.  
 
Subsequent to year end, Monadelphous was also awarded a major construction contract, valued at 
around $200 million, associated with the Port Debottlenecking Project 2 located at BHP’s Nelson Point 
Port Facility in Port Hedland. The scope includes the installation and commissioning of all structural, 
mechanical, piping, electrical and instrumentation activities associated with the construction of the new 
Car Dumper 6 and its supporting materials handling facilities, with work expected to be completed in 
2028. 
 
The Company secured several long-term services contracts with iron ore customers in the Pilbara. 
Awards included three contracts with Rio Tinto, including a five-year contract valued at approximately 
$300 million for fixed plant and shutdown maintenance services, a three-year contract for 
multidisciplinary sustaining capital works, and a new five-year panel award to provide mobile crane and 
lifting services. The Company was also awarded a three-year contract to continue delivering 
maintenance services across Fortescue’s Pilbara operations and secured extensions to its BHP 
maintenance and panel agreements. 
 
In the energy sector, Monadelphous progressed the provision of multidisciplinary services associated 
with the hook-up and commissioning of Woodside’s Floating Production Unit in the Scarborough Gas 
Field, located approximately 375 kilometres off the Pilbara coast of WA, and forming part of Woodside's 
Scarborough Energy Project. The Company also secured a contract with Technip Energies for the 
provision of multidisciplinary services associated with the hook-up and commissioning of Shell’s Crux 
platform. The platform, which is located approximately 620 kilometres north-east of Broome and is 
around 160 kilometres from Shell’s Prelude floating liquefied natural gas (FLNG) facility, forms part of 
the long term backfill to Prelude.  
 
Monadelphous continues to grow its market position supporting Australia’s energy transition. A major 
highlight was the award of a $380 million construction contract with CS Energy for the Brigalow Peaking 
Power Plant near Chinchilla in Queensland. Once operational, the facility will supply energy to more 
For personal use only
Page 6 of 16 
 
than 150,000 homes during peak demand, supporting grid reliability and complementing renewable 
energy. Work will commence in the second half of 2026 and is scheduled for completion in early 2029. 
 
The Company also continued to support Fortescue’s decarbonisation activities during the year, 
completing construction of the North Star Junction battery energy storage system (BESS), located south 
of Port Hedland, WA, and securing its third BESS project for Fortescue at the Cloudbreak mine site, WA. 
Monadelphous was also awarded a contract to install wind turbine generators as part of Fortescue’s 
Nullagine Wind Project in WA. 
 
Zenviron, the Company’s renewable energy joint venture, further strengthened its market position with 
the award of a contract to deliver the Bennetts Creek BESS in the Latrobe Valley, Victoria, including 
balance-of-plant design, construction, installation and commissioning, with completion expected in late 
2027. 
 
Monadelphous completed several strategic acquisitions during the year, progressing its markets and 
growth strategy and enhancing the Company’s capability.  
 
In November 2025, the Company acquired Kerman Contracting (Kerman), a Western Australian-based 
design and construction business specialising in non-process infrastructure. Kerman has a long-
established reputation for the successful delivery of site infrastructure, accommodation, bulk storage 
and materials handling facilities in the resources, agriculture, and transport and port infrastructure 
sectors. The acquisition further broadens Monadelphous’ delivery capability, enabling the provision of 
non-process infrastructure design and construction services across both existing and new markets. Post 
year end, Kerman secured a contract for the design and construction of non-process infrastructure 
associated with Rio Tinto’s Brockman Syncline 1 project, valued at approximately $165 million.  
 
The Company also advanced its energy transition strategy through the acquisition of Australian Power 
Industry Partners (APIP), a high-voltage electrical contractor servicing utilities, resources and renewable 
energy customers across multiple states of Australia. This acquisition further expands the Company’s 
high-voltage electrical services offering following the acquisition of Perth-based High Energy Service, 
which completed on 1 July 2025.  
 
SUSTAINABILITY 
 
Monadelphous remains focused on achieving long-term sustainable growth and building on its strong 
reputation as a trusted business that people choose to work for, partner with, and invest in. The 
Company is committed to ensuring the safety and wellbeing of its people, delivering strong value for 
customers and shareholders, and contributing to and supporting local communities.  
 
This approach is guided by the Company’s Sustainability Framework, which includes the key focus areas 
of People, Safety and Wellbeing, Diversity and Inclusion, Community and Environment. 
 
People 
 
Monadelphous’ workforce (including subcontractors) at 30 June 2026 totalled a record 9,365 people, 
a 3 per cent increase on the prior year. The Company remains focused on retaining, developing and 
attracting highly talented people who align with the Company’s values and contribute to its ongoing 
success.  
 
During the year, around 430 graduates, undergraduates, apprentices, and trainees participated in 
Monadelphous’ early career programs, with nearly 200 of the Company’s emerging and senior leaders 
For personal use only
Page 7 of 16 
 
engaged in programs focused on networking and leadership development skills. The Company’s 
ongoing focus on employee development supported strong key talent retention of 97 per cent.  
 
Monadelphous also introduced a new contracts pathway within the graduate program for commerce 
and law graduates to develop contracts specialists, and also launched a bespoke program to develop 
its own skilled and capable riggers. 
 
During the year, the Company’s registered training organisation continued to deliver a significant 
number of workforce development activities for trades personnel including high-risk work licencing, 
nationally accredited training, and verification of competency assessments. 
 
Monadelphous continued its long-standing partnership with the Starick Foundation in Perth, WA, and 
4Voices in Brisbane, Queensland, supporting the organisations’ work in providing safety and assistance 
to women and children experiencing family and domestic violence. The Company again participated in 
the ‘16 Days in WA’ walk in collaboration with the Chamber of Minerals and Energy Western Australia, 
demonstrating its ongoing commitment to advocacy and community leadership in preventing family 
and domestic violence. 
 
Safety and Wellbeing  
 
Monadelphous’ 12-month Total Recordable Injury Frequency Rate at 30 June 2026 improved by 19 per 
cent to 3.57 incidents per million hours worked, following successful campaigns to ensure the safety 
and wellbeing of its employees through a period of rapid growth.  
 
The Company’s High Potential Incident Frequency Rate also continued to improve, reaching a 
historically low level, reflecting a relentless focus on the prevention of fatal risks.  
 
Guided by its safety principle The Safe Way is the Only Way and its Fatal Risk Control Standards, 
programs were rolled out to engage frontline employees and enhance awareness of the key controls to 
eliminate the risk of fatal hazards.  
 
An in-depth review was completed of forklift operations and interaction with pedestrians, followed by 
the rollout of a campaign to focus awareness and compliance on the most critical, essential and practical 
controls for reducing risk in this area. The Company also reviewed the effectiveness and efficiency of 
competency assessments for high-risk work, improving the focus on fatal risks. 
 
Monadelphous enhanced its use of technology to address safety hazards, embedding and refining the 
Driver Fatigue and Distraction Monitoring systems, as well as utilising drones for high-risk inspections 
to eliminate the need for employees to enter confined spaces.  
 
The Company progressed the rollout of a Pedestrian Avoidance System on mobile plant including 
forklifts, telehandlers and cranes. The system uses Artificial Intelligence (AI) to identify and alert 
operators and pedestrians where proximity limits are reached. The Company also implemented Franna 
Crane Overload Over-ride Monitoring, an in-house innovation to prevent articulated cranes from 
toppling or being overloaded.  
 
Employee health and wellbeing remained a priority. Psychosocial risk management and mental 
wellbeing awareness were enhanced through the implementation of training programs focusing on risk 
management and improved mental health. The Company continues to provide employees with 
complimentary services and resources supporting physical, mental and emotional wellbeing.  
 
For personal use only
Page 8 of 16 
 
Externally, the Company was recognised for its commitment to safety and wellbeing with the award of 
the 2025 AREEA Mental Health and Wellbeing Award for its Wellbeing Supporter Program, and was also 
named as a finalist in both the Technology and Engineering categories at the Workplace Health and 
Safety Foundation Awards of Excellence. Furthermore, Alevro was recognised as a finalist in the 
Department of Local Government, Industry Regulation and Safety (LGIRS) Work Health and Safety 
Excellence Awards 2025. 
 
Diversity and Inclusion, Community and Environment  
 
Monadelphous is committed to promoting a positive legacy in the regions where it operates, with a 
focus on enhancing diversity and inclusion, enriching communities and successfully progressing towards 
its Net Zero by 2050 goal.   
 
The Company launched its new Stretch Reconciliation Action Plan 2026-2029, having exceeded the 
commitments outlined in its previous plan. The new plan sets clear priorities across four key areas 
including strengthening cultural learning and understanding, investing in development, training and 
career pathways, gaining a deeper insight into how best to influence engagement, attraction and 
retention, and further developing collaboration with business partners.  
 
Monadelphous’ Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander workforce participation rate at 30 June 2026 
was 3.2 per cent, continuing its commitment to providing meaningful, long-term employment, training 
and development opportunities for Indigenous peoples. Initiatives included supporting career pathways 
for 
current 
and 
future 
Aboriginal 
and 
Torres 
Strait 
Islander 
employees 
through 
traineeships, apprenticeships and the Indigenous Pathways Program in partnership with Rio Tinto, 
which was extended for a further five years. The Company also continued its partnership with the Polly 
Farmer Foundation, focused on creating industry pathways for students and alumni.   
 
The Company strengthened its engagement with Indigenous businesses, spending approximately $40 
million with Indigenous suppliers during the financial year, an increase of approximately 42 per cent on 
the previous period. 
 
Monadelphous continues to promote development opportunities and celebrate the contributions of 
women across the business in line with its Gender Diversity and Inclusion commitments. Several 
employees were recognised with industry awards for their efforts, including at the BHP Women in 
Resources National Awards, the Gladstone Engineering Alliance Awards, and the Women in Resources 
Awards in the Northern Territory.  
 
The Company advanced its objectives around diversity, inclusion and education through the AREEA 
Bright Future STEM Program and the AREEA Elevate Roundtable, helping inspire future careers in STEM 
and providing networking opportunities for women across the resources sector. 
 
Monadelphous also strengthened its relationship with the National Association of Women in Operations 
(NAWO) by promoting Walk and Talk networking events and supporting employee participation in the 
Gender Equity Men program, which gives men in operational leadership the tools, frameworks and peer 
support to implement change. Together, these initiatives reflect a sustained and strategic commitment 
to building stronger communities, supporting social equity and fostering meaningful partnerships. 
 
The Company continued to support local communities during the year, expanding its Community Grants 
Program from three to eight regions. More than 350 applications were received, with nearly $130,000 
contributed across around 100 community grassroots organisations. In total, Monadelphous invested 
around $200,000 in 130 community organisations across 19 locations.  
 
For personal use only
Page 9 of 16 
 
Monadelphous further advanced its environmental commitments associated with its Net Zero by 2050 
goal, progressing a suite of initiatives. A major focus was the expansion of onsite renewable energy 
generation across operational facilities. Approximately 40 per cent of total power consumption across 
the Company’s owned facilities with solar installations is now sourced from renewable energy. 
 
Monadelphous also strengthened its low emissions fleet capability through targeted investment 
informed by trials conducted through the Net Zero working group. The Company acquired two 250 
tonne hybrid cranes and integrated two electric forklifts into its fleet, reducing fuel consumption and 
operational emissions. In parallel, the Company also purchased its first BESS with a supporting solar 
panel system, with the objective of deploying these power solutions more broadly following successful 
commissioning. 
 
During the year, the Company completed preparations for reporting under Australian Sustainability 
Reporting Standard AASB S2 Climate-related Disclosures for the year ended 30 June 2026 and 
embedded its greenhouse gas reporting solution to support compliance with the new disclosure 
requirements. Work progressed on the development of Scope 3 greenhouse gas emissions 
methodology and data collation in preparation for reporting in 2027.  
 
PRODUCTIVITY AND INNOVATION  
 
Monadelphous is committed to continuous improvement and understanding industry trends and 
technologies which positively impact operational performance. The Company actively engages 
employees in creating innovative solutions that create a safer workplace, while delivering greater 
productivity and value for customers.  
 
During the year, Melchor developed a one-step wall-pouring method for a customer’s urea storage 
facility, delivering labour and equipment cost reductions, while also enhancing safety. The team 
engineered a solution eliminating the requirement for a second concrete pour, reducing the 
working-at-height exposure, whilst also delivering significant time savings.  
 
Monadelphous’ maintenance team at a major LNG processing facility were recognised for the creation 
of a lifting cradle innovation. Designed to safely handle motors weighing up to 400 kilograms, the cradle 
replaced a higher-risk traditional method and provided a stable, adjustable and easy-to-operate 
solution that retrofits to existing trolleys, improving safety and reducing downtime.  
 
For an offshore energy customer, the Company developed a ventilation solution to enable multiple 
confined space entries that were previously prohibited due to safety constraints. This solution eliminated 
cross-contamination risks and enabled simultaneous work without relying on traditional controls. 
 
At an alumina refinery, the Monadelphous team identified that several pressure relief valves were no 
longer required due to existing protections. Their permanent removal eradicated a recurring high-risk 
task, removed the need for scaffolding and specialised handling, and is delivering ongoing savings for 
the customer, while reducing hazardous waste generation.  
 
The Company continues to actively monitor and harness emerging technologies to advance innovation, 
safety and productivity, and ensures that appropriate governance structures are in place to guide the 
safe, ethical and effective use of AI, positioning Monadelphous to benefit from AI’s potential.  
 
 
 
For personal use only
Page 10 of 16 
 
OPERATIONAL ACTIVITY  
 
Engineering Construction 
 
Monadelphous’ Engineering Construction division reported revenue of $1.37 billion3 for the period, an 
increase of 48.5 per cent on the prior year. Demand for construction services was strong across the iron 
ore and energy sectors, with a greater revenue contribution from projects with integrated services. The 
division has secured more than $1.6 billion of new contracts since 1 July 2025, including several major 
multidisciplinary contracts.  
 
The Company successfully performed several packages of work for BHP during the period, including the 
Car Dumper 3 Renewal Project at Nelson Point in Port Hedland and Orebody 32 in Newman, both in 
WA. Work also commenced on an additional car dumper project at Finucane Island in Port Hedland, as 
well as on a major multidisciplinary construction contract associated with BHP’s Jimblebar Train Load 
Out Replacement Project near Newman, with the earthworks and civil services delivered by Melchor, 
and fabrication and procurement being performed by Inteforge. 
 
Monadelphous was also awarded a major multidisciplinary construction contract with Rio Tinto at the 
Brockman Syncline 1 iron ore development in WA’s Pilbara region. The integrated contract includes 
fabrication and supply, detailed concrete and earthworks, structural, mechanical, piping and electrical 
and instrumentation works. Shutdown and miscellaneous services were also delivered at Rio Tinto’s 
Western Range Project in Paraburdoo, along with electrical and instrumentation services at the Parker 
Point Stockyard Sustaining Project near Dampier, both in WA.  
 
Monadelphous continued to support Fortescue’s energy transition and commitment to decarbonising 
its Pilbara operations, securing several BESS and wind projects in WA. 
 
In the energy sector, modification works continued at the Woodside-operated Pluto Liquefied Natural 
Gas (LNG) Train 1 facility near Karratha, WA, with Monadelphous installing new piping and electrical 
infrastructure to the existing plant, as well as performing testing and insulation works. The Company 
also completed the installation and modification of essential electrical power and control infrastructure 
for Chevron Australia’s Jansz-Io Compression Project in WA. 
 
Monadelphous completed work on a multidisciplinary construction contract at BHP’s Prominent Hill 
Expansion Project in South Australia, as well as at Talison Lithium’s Greenbushes site in the southwest 
of WA.  
 
In Queensland, the Company secured a major construction contract late in the year with CS Energy for 
the Brigalow Peaking Power Plant near Chinchilla, and also completed electrical and instrumentation 
works for McConnell Dowell Constructors and B.M.D. Constructions Joint Venture on the Fitzroy to 
Gladstone Pipeline. 
 
Melchor progressed structural concrete works for the Saipem Clough Joint Venture at Project Ceres, 
Perdaman Industries’ urea plant near Dampier, WA, with Alevro providing heavy haulage services to the 
project. Melchor also progressed work on the Geraldton Port Maximisation Project in WA for Mid West 
Ports Authority. Post year end, Melchor secured a contract with Pilbara Ports associated with the Utah 
Ring Road Reconstruction Project at the Utah Bulk Handling Facility in Port Hedland, WA. Work will 
commence immediately and is expected to be completed in the first half of 2028.  
 
 
 
3 Includes Monadelphous’ share of joint venture revenue. 
 
For personal use only
Page 11 of 16 
 
 
Monadelphous was awarded a new five-year panel contract to provide mobile crane and lifting services 
across Rio Tinto’s Pilbara operations in WA. The Company continued to provide heavy lift services across 
Fortescue’s iron ore sites in the Pilbara, with Alevro delivering specialist haulage and lifting services

---

through a considered and selective 
approach to new work, strong and collaborative customer relationships, high standards of execution, 
and prudent risk management.  
 
Supported by a strong balance sheet, the Company will continue to leverage its enhanced delivery 
capability, 
including 
recent 
acquisitions, 
while 
maintaining 
the 
flexibility 
to 
pursue 
strategic opportunities that support long-term sustainable growth. 
 
In closing, I thank the entire Monadelphous team for their dedication and commitment, which are 
fundamental to our continued success. I also extend my gratitude to our customers, shareholders, and 
the many other stakeholders for their ongoing trust and support. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
For personal use only
Page 15 of 16 
 
Revenue including joint ventures is a non-IFRS measure which does not have any standardised meaning 
prescribed by IFRS and therefore may not be comparable to revenue presented by other companies. 
This measure, which is unaudited, is important to management when used as an additional means to 
evaluate the Company’s performance. 
 
Reconciliation of Total Revenue from Contracts with Customers including Joint Ventures to 
Statutory Revenue from Contracts with Customers (unaudited) 
 
1 Represents Monadelphous’ proportionate share of the revenue from joint ventures accounted for 
using the equity method. 
 
 
EBITDA is a non-IFRS earnings measure which does not have any standardised meaning prescribed by 
IFRS and therefore may not be comparable to EBITDA presented by other companies. This measure, 
which is unaudited, is important to management as an additional way to evaluate the Company’s 
performance. 
 
Reconciliation of Profit Before Income Tax to EBITDA (unaudited): 
 
2 Represents Monadelphous’ proportionate share of the interest, depreciation, amortisation and tax of 
joint ventures accounted for using the equity method. 
 
 
 
 
30 June 2026 
30 June 2025 
 
$’000 
$’000 
 
 
 
Total revenue from contracts with customers  
including joint ventures 
2,980,074 
2,265,875 
Share of revenue from joint ventures 1 
(193,269) 
(112,719) 
Statutory revenue from contracts with customers 
2,786,805 
2,153,156 
 
30 June 2026 
30 June 2025 
 
$’000 
$’000 
 
 
 
Profit before income tax 
179,912 
119,140 
Interest expense on loans and hire purchase finance 
charges 
2,257 
2,570 
Interest expense on other lease liabilities  
1,279 
1,222 
Interest revenue 
(9,312) 
(9,415) 
Depreciation of owned and hire purchase assets 
36,586 
34,234 
Depreciation of right of use assets  
8,347 
8,097 
Amortisation of intangibles 
2,047 
820 
Share of interest, depreciation, amortisation and tax of 
joint ventures 2 
4,910 
1,543 
EBITDA  
226,026 
158,211 
For personal use only
Page 16 of 16 
 
DIVIDEND ENTITLEMENTS  
 
The fully franked final dividend of 59 cents per share will be paid to shareholders on 24 September 2026 
with the record date for entitlements being 3 September 2026. 
 
Updating Direct Credit Details 
 
Monadelphous strongly encourages all shareholders in Australia and New Zealand to update their 
Australian or New Zealand banking details online through Computershare’s Investor Centre website. 
Please login or register at www.investorcentre.com/au. This is a quick and easy way to manage your 
security holding. Alternatively, you may contact Computershare on 1300 364 961 (within Australia) or 
+61 3 9946 4415 (outside Australia). Payments will be made in the currency of the bank account which 
is recorded on the register as at 3 September 2026. 
 
Further Information 
 
Analysts/Investors 
Kristy Glasgow 
Investor Relations 
T +61 8 9316 6386 
M +61 403 781 909 
Investor_relations@monadel.com.au 
Media 
Ella McCarthy 
Group Manager - Marketing and Communications   
T +61 8 6311 1018  
M +61 401 404 874  
EMcCarthy@monadel.com.au 
 
About Monadelphous 
 
With over 50 years of experience, Monadelphous Group Limited (ASX: MND) is a leading Australian 
engineering group providing construction, maintenance and industrial services to the resources, energy 
and infrastructure sectors. The Company has two operating divisions − Engineering Construction, 
providing large-scale multidisciplinary and vertically integrated project management and construction 
services, and Maintenance and Industrial Services, specialising in the planning, management and 
execution of mechanical and electrical maintenance services, shutdowns and sustaining capital works.  
 
Monadelphous is headquartered in Perth, Western Australia, with a major office in Brisbane, Queensland, 
and offices, projects, facilities and workshops across Australia and in China, Mongolia, Papua New Guinea, 
Vietnam and the Philippines. Please visit www.monadelphous.com.au for further information. 
 
For personal use only