5 June 2026 
 
Company Announcements 
Australian Securities Exchange Limited 
Level 4, 20 Bridge Street 
SYDNEY   NSW   2000 
AUSTRALIA 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Dear Sir / Madam 
 
RE: MONADELPHOUS SECURES MAJOR CONSTRUCTION CONTRACT WITH CS ENERGY  
 
Please find attached an announcement to be issued today by Monadelphous Group Limited regarding 
the award of a major construction contract.  
 
Authorised by 
 
Philip Trueman 
Company Secretary 
 
  
For personal use only
 
 
ASX RELEASE 
5 June 2026 
MONADELPHOUS SECURES MAJOR CONSTRUCTION CONTRACT WITH CS ENERGY 
 
Engineering company Monadelphous Group Limited (ASX: MND) (“Monadelphous” or “the Company”) 
today announced the award of a major contract with CS Energy  for works associated with the 
construction of the Brigalow Peaking Power Plant near Chinchilla, Queensland.  
 
The contract, valued at approximately $380 million, includes the balance -of-plant construction and 
installation of 12 aeroderivative gas turbine generator units with a combined capacity of 400 megawatts, 
together with the engineering and design of minor packages. Work will commence in the second half 
of this year and is expected to be completed by early 2029.  
 
Once operational, the gas peaking plant will be capable of delivering energy to more than 150,000 
homes during peak electricity demand periods, reinforcing power system reliability and complementing 
renewable energy.  
 
During construction, the Company forecasts a peak workforce of around 300 people. Monadelphous 
will support the local community through the facilitation of employment and supply opportunities.  
 
Monadelphous Managing Director Zoran Bebic said the award highlights the Company’s strengthening 
position in supporting Australia’s energy transition.  
 
“We are pleased to be partnering with CS Energy on the Brigalow Peaking Power Plant, supporting 
reliable and flexible energy supply.  Monadelphous has a  proven track record in delivering large -scale 
energy construction projects and is proud to continue contributing to critical energy infrastructure 
across Australia.” 
 
Further Information 
 
Analysts/Investors 
Kristy Glasgow 
Investor Relations 
T +61 8 9316 6386 
M +61 403 781 909 
Investor_relations@monadel.com.au 
Media 
Ella McCarthy 
Group Manager - Marketing and Communications   
T +61 8 6311 1018  
M +61 401 404 874  
EMcCarthy@monadel.com.au 
 
 
About Monadelphous 
 
With over 50 years of experience, Monadelphous Group Limited (ASX: MND) is a leading Australian 
engineering group providing construction, maintenance and industrial services to the resources, energy 
and infrastructure sectors. The Company has two operating  divisions − Engineering Construction, 
providing large -scale multidisciplinary  and vertically integrated  project management and construction 
services, and Maintenance and Industrial Services, specialising in the planning, management and 
execution of mechan ical and electrical maintenance services, shutdowns and sustaining capital works.   
 
Monadelphous is headquartered in Perth, Western Australia, with a major office in Brisbane, Queensland, 
and offices, projects, facilities and workshops across Australia and in China, Mongolia, Papua New Guinea, 
Vietnam and the Philippines. Please visit www.monadelphous.com.au for further information. 
For personal use only