Page 1 of 15 
 
 
 
 
24 February 2026 
 
Company Announcements 
Australian Securities Exchange Limited 
Level 4, 20 Bridge Street 
SYDNEY   NSW   2000 
AUSTRALIA 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Dear Sir / Madam 
 
RE: MONADELPHOUS REPORTS 2026 HALF YEAR RESULTS  
 
Please find attached a media release to be issued today by Monadelphous Group Limited regarding its 
results for the half year ended 31 December 2025.  
 
Authorised by 
 
Philip Trueman 
Company Secretary 
 
 
For personal use only
 
Page 2 of 15 
 
 
ASX/MEDIA RELEASE 
24 February 2026 
MONADELPHOUS REPORTS 2026 HALF YEAR RESULTS 
 
Record revenue $1.53 billion1, up 45.6% on pcp 
EBITDA $116.2 million2, up 45.6% on pcp 
Net profit after tax $64.9 million, up 52.6% on pcp 
Earnings Per Share 65.2c; Interim dividend 49 cps 
Cash balance $322 million 
Secured $1.4 billion in new contracts and extensions since 1 July 2025 
 
Engineering company Monadelphous Group Limited (ASX: MND) (“Monadelphous” or “the Company”) 
today announced its results for the half year ended 31 December 2025 , reporting a record revenue of 
$1.53 billion1 for the six months, an increase of 45.6 per cent on the prior corresponding period.  
 
The Company experienced strong operating conditions across all sectors, with activity levels supported 
by the record level of work secured during the previous financial year.  
 
The Engineering Construction division delivered revenue of $ 677.8 million1 for the six months , an 
increase of around 67 per cent on the prior corresponding period, supported by service expansion and 
growing capability in end -to-end delivery. Zenviron, the Company’s renewable energy business, also 
experienced increased activity from larger wind and battery energy storage projects.  
 
The Maintenance and Industrial Services division reported half year revenue of $852 million, up 32.1 per 
cent, driven by an increase in energy sector  activity, together with sustained strong demand from iron 
ore customers.  
 
Earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation (EBITDA) was $116.2 million2, an increase of 
45.6 per cent on the prior corresponding period, delivering an EBITDA margin of 7.59 per cent. 
  
A strong operational performance across the board resulted in net profit after tax of $64.9 million, up 
52.6 per cent, delivering e arnings per share  of 65.2 cents. The Board of Directors declared an interim 
dividend of 49 cents per share, fully franked. 
 
The Company ended t he half year with a cash balance of $322 million . Cash flow from operations for 
the period was a very strong $171.1 million, delivering a cash flow conversion rate for the six months of 
186 per cent. 
 
Monadelphous continued to progress its markets and growth strategy  during the period , broadening 
the Company’s delivery capability and expanding its service offerin g with the acquisition s of Kerman 
Contracting, Australian Power Industry Partners and High Energy Service. 
 
1 Includes Monadelphous’ share of joint venture revenue – refer to page 14 for reconciliation. 
2 Refer to page 14 for reconciliation of EBITDA. 
 
For personal use only
 
Page 3 of 15 
 
 
The Company also secured a healthy  $1.4 billion in new contracts and contract extensions since the 
beginning of the 2026 financial year. 
 
Managing Director Zoran Bebic said Monadelphous is currently forecasting FY26 full year revenue to be 
approximately 30 per cent higher than the prior period, with 1H26 operating margins maintained.  
 
“Long-term demand in the resources and energy sectors is expected to  continue, supported by an 
improved global economic growth outlook. Continued investment in new and existing operations in 
Western Australia’s iron ore sector is driving demand for both maintenance and construction services,  
with the energy sector to offer substantial prospects.  
 
The outlook for energy transition metals is strengthening, and Australia’s Net Zero emissions objective 
continues to drive long-term investment in energy generation, storage and transmission infrastructure. 
Leveraging its broad services capability, Monadelphous is well positioned to capitalise on the growing 
pipeline of opportunities.” 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
For personal use only
 
Page 4 of 15 
 
2026 HALF YEAR RESULTS 
 
FINANCIAL RESULTS  
 
Revenue  
 
Monadelphous reported a record revenue for the half year of $1.53 billion1, representing a 45.6 per cent 
increase on the prior corresponding period.  
 
Operating conditions were strong across all sectors, with activity levels supported by the record level of 
work secured during the previous financial year.  
 
The Engineering Construction division delivered revenue of $677.8 million 1 for the six months, an 
increase of around 67 per cent on the prior corresponding period . Revenue growth was supported by 
service expansion and growing capability in end -to-end delivery, particularly from Melchor’s civil 
capability and Inteforge’s fabrication services.  
 
The Maintenance and Industrial Services division reported a record half year revenue result of $852 
million, up 32.1 per cent on the prior corresponding period. The result reflects an increase in turnaround 
activity and brownfields project work in the energy sector, together with sustained strong demand from 
iron ore customers. 
 
Zenviron, the Company’s renewable energy business, also experienced increased activity from larger 
wind and battery energy storage projects. Statutory revenue from contracts with customers, which 
excludes Monadelphous’ share of revenue from joint ventures, was $1.436 billion.   
 
Earnings  
 
Earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation (EBITDA) was $116.2 million2, an increase of 
45.6 per cent on the prior corresponding period, delivering an EBITDA margin of 7.59 per cent.  
 
Strong operational performance across the board resulted in a 52.6 per cent increase in earnings 
compared to the prior corresponding period. Net profit after tax for the six months was $64.9 million, 
delivering earnings per share of 65.2 cents. 
 
Dividend  
 
Monadelphous’ Board of Directors declared an interim dividend of 49 cents per share fully franked. The 
Monadelphous Group Limited Dividend Reinvestment Plan will apply to the interim dividend.  
 
Balance sheet  
 
The Company ended the half year with a cash balance of $322 million. Cash at bank was boosted by a 
number of material advances received during the period associated with recently awarded construction 
contracts. The cash balance also included $22.5 million from the acquisition of Kerman Contracting 
which is owed to the vendors under the terms of the acquisition. The majority of this amount is to be 
paid before the end of the current financial year. 
 
1 Includes Monadelphous’ share of joint venture revenue – refer to page 14 for reconciliation. 
2 Refer to page 14 for reconciliation of EBITDA.  
  
For personal use only
 
Page 5 of 15 
 
Increased activity levels within the business in the months leading up to 30 June 2025 resulted in a 
significant increase in receivables at that date. The subsequent collection of these balances contributed 
to a very strong cash flow from operations of $17 1.1 million. As a result, the cash flow conversion rate 
for the six months ended 31 December 2025 was 186 per cent. 
 
Monadelphous’ strong balance sheet continues to support investment in strategic growth opportunities 
that will deliver long-term business sustainability and the creation of value for shareholders.  
 
STRATEGIC PROGRESS 
 
Monadelphous has secured a healthy $1.4 billion in new contracts and contract extensions since the 
beginning of the 2026 financial year. 
 
Western Australia’s iron ore sector continued to experience strong demand for construction and 
maintenance services during the period, with more than $1 billion of contracts and extensions secured 
with blue-chip customers Rio Tinto and BHP. 
 
The Company secured a major multidisciplinary construction contract with BHP associated with the 
Jimblebar Train Loadout Replacement Project, located near Newman in the Pilbara region of Western 
Australia (WA). The scope of the contract includes structural , mechanical, piping and electrical and 
instrumentation works, with earthworks and civil services to be delivered by Melchor, and fabrication 
and procurement to be provided by Inteforge.  
 
Monadelphous was also awarded a major construction contract with Rio Tinto associated with the 
Brockman Syncline 1 iron ore development in the Pilbara. The integrated multidisciplinary contract, 
valued at approximately $250 million, includes fabrication and supply, detailed concrete and earthworks, 
structural, mechanical, piping and electrical and instrumentation works for the construction of a new 
primary crusher and overland conveyor, as well as modifications to existing plant.  
 
Subsequent to the half year end, the Company secured a major construction contract with BHP 
associated with a car dumper project located at Finucane Island in Port Hedland. The contract, valued 
at approximately $175 million, includes civil, structural, mec hanical, piping and electrical works 
associated with the replacement of key equipment during a planned major shutdown.  
 
Monadelphous was also awarded a five -year maintenance services contract with Rio Tinto totalling 
approximately $300 million. Under the contract, the Company will continue to provide fixed plant and 
shutdown services and deliver generalist mechanical and ac cess services across Rio Tinto’s iron ore 
operations in the Pilbara region. 
 
The Company continues to provide multidisciplinary services to BHP's Pilbara iron ore mines, ports and 
rail facilities. During the period, it secured a three -year extension to its maintenance master services 
agreement across BHP’s operations in the Pilbara, as well as being reappointed to the Western Australia 
Iron Ore (WAIO) Site Engineering Panel for a further two years. 
 
Monadelphous expanded its customer base in the energy sector with the award of a four-year contract 
with BW Offshore Australia Management to provide multidisciplinary maintenance services at the BW 
Opal Floating Production Storage and Offloading (FPSO) fac ility, located approximately 300 kilometres 
north-northwest of Darwin, Northern Territory (NT).  
 
  
For personal use only
 
Page 6 of 15 
 
The Company also secured a contract with Technip Energies for the provision of multidisciplinary 
services associated with the hook up and commissioning of Shell’s Crux platform off the coast of WA. 
The platform is located around 160 kilometres from Shell’s  Prelude Floating Liquefied Natural Gas 
(FLNG) facility and forms part of the long-term backfill to Prelude. 
 
Zenviron, the Company’s renewable energy joint venture, continued to strengthen its market position 
and was awarded a contract with Flow Power for the delivery of the Bennetts Creek Battery Energy 
Storage System (BESS) in the Latrobe Valley, Victoria. The work, which includes balance-of-plant design, 
construction, installation and commissioning, is expected to be completed in late 2027.  
 
In November 2025, Monadelphous acquired Perth -based Kerman Contracting, a design and 
construction business specialising in non -process infrastructure. Kerman has averaged approximately 
$100 million of revenue per annum over recent years and has a long -established reputation for the 
successful delivery of site infrastructure and accommodation, bulk storage and materials handling 
facilities in the resources, agriculture, and transport and port infrastructure sectors. The acquisition 
further broadens Monadelph ous’ delivery capability, enabling the provision of non -process 
infrastructure design and construction services across both existing and new market sectors.  
 
The Company continued to progress its markets and growth strategy related to the energy transition 
with the acquisition of Australian Power Industry Partners (APIP), a high -voltage electrical contractor 
based in Milton, Queensland. APIP is a specialist pro vider of end -to-end high -voltage solutions, 
including design management, procurement, construction, and renewals of power transmission, 
distribution and substation infrastructure. APIP supports utilities, resources and renewable energy 
customers across Queensland, and has also delivered projects in New South Wales (NSW) and WA.   
 
In addition, on 1 July 2025, Monadelphous completed the acquisition of Perth -based high voltage 
services business, High Energy Service (HES), further strengthening the Company’s existing electrical 
services capability. 
 
SUSTAINABILITY 
 
Monadelphous is committed to the delivery of long -term sustainable growth. The Company’s 
Sustainability Framework guides this commitment, with the key areas of focus being people, safety and 
wellbeing, diversity and inclusion, community and environment. 
 
People 
 
Monadelphous’ total workforce (including subcontractors) at 31 December 2025 was 8,389 people, 
reflecting sustained high levels of maintenance and construction activity. The Company remains focused 
on the retention, development and attraction of talented e mployees who are aligned to its values and 
who actively contribute to its ongoing success.  
 
Monadelphous continues to invest in the development of its leadership capability, execution capacity 
and future talent pipeline. During the period, around 150 emerging leaders participated in an enhanced 
suite of leadership and mentoring programs, with approximately 340 graduates, undergraduates, 
apprentices and trainees participating in Monadelphous’ early career programs.  
 
The Company’s registered training organisation engaged over 5,000 trades personnel with more than 
6,500 training interactions during the period, including high-risk work license training accreditation and 
verification of competency. 
  
For personal use only
 
Page 7 of 15 
 
Monadelphous continued its commitment to fostering safe, inclusive and resilient communities across 
its operational footprint. Aligned with its Respect@Monadelphous behavioural framework and the 
Company’s Gender Diversity and Inclusion initiatives, the Com pany maintained its partnership with 
4Voices, a Brisbane based organisation, providing essential services to women experiencing, or at risk 
of, family and domestic violence.  
 
The Company also strengthened its long -standing partnership with the Starick Foundation, its primary 
community partner in WA, hosting events to increase awareness of domestic and family violence and 
supporting Starick’s corporate fundraising activities. 
 
Employee health and wellbeing remained a priority, with the continued provision of complimentary skin 
checks and resources supporting physical, mental and emotional wellbeing. 
 
Safety and Wellbeing  
 
Monadelphous’ High Potential Incident Frequency Rate returned to historically low levels and the 12 -
month Total Recordable Injury Frequency Rate at 31 December 2025 was 4.34 incidents per million 
hours worked, a slight decrease to that of 30 June 2025.  
 
The Company continues to implement targeted campaigns to drive improved performance in line with 
its guiding safety princip le, The Safe Way is the Only Way.  The ongoing delivery of the Fatal Risk 
Awareness program is focused on strengthening the identification, elimination and mitigation of fatal 
hazards, particularly addressing risks associated with pedestrian interactions with mobile plant, active 
hazard monitoring and verification of controls during high-risk tasks. 
 
To further strengthen fatal risk controls, Monadelphous undertook a comprehensive review of forklift 
operations across the business. The review assessed existing procedures and implemented a range of 
improvements aimed at preventing loss of control of loads and no-go zones associated with pedestrian 
interactions with mobile plant. The Company also reviewed the effectiveness and efficiency of 
competency assessments for high -risk work, sharpening the focus on fatal risks by streamlining 
processes associated with low-risk activities. The Company also continued the use of drone technology 
for high-risk inspections, reducing risk by eliminating the need for employees to enter confined spaces.  
 
Monadelphous’s commitment to safety and wellbeing continued to be recognised externally. The 
Company was awarded the 2025 AREEA Mental Health and Wellbeing Award for its Wellbeing Supporter 
Program, a peer-led initiative that fosters onsite environments wh ere mental health conversations are 
encouraged. 
 
Reflecting its innovative approach to safety, Monadelphous was named a finalist in both the Technology 
and Engineering categories at the Workplace Health and Safety Foundation Awards of Excellence , with 
Alevro recognised as a finalist in the Department of Energy, Mines, Industry Regulation and Safety 
(DEMIRS) Work Health and Safety Excellence Awards 2025 – Work Health and Safety Invention of the 
Year.  
 
Further recognition was received at the Gladstone Engineering Alliance Awards, where Monadelphous 
achieved three awards including the Safety Excellence Award, the Beale Culture Award and the Wayne 
Peachey Memorial Award, presented to an individual employee.  
 
  
For personal use only
 
Page 8 of 15 
 
Diversity and Inclusion, Community and Environment  
 
Monadelphous is committed to leaving a positive legacy in the communities in which it operates, 
strengthening diversity and inclusion across its workplaces and progressing towards its Net Zero by 
2050 goal. 
 
Monadelphous’ Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander workforce participation rate at 31 December 2025 
was 3. 3 per cent. This outcome reflects the Company’s focus on creating sustainable employment 
pathways and the delivery of meaningful training and development opportunities for Indigenous 
Australians.  
 
Career pathways were supported through traineeships, apprenticeships and the Indigenous Pathways 
Program in partnership with Rio Tinto. To date, more than 40 participants have successfully committed 
to qualifications through the program, with several more employees expected to graduate in early 2026.  
 
We progressed the renewal of our Stretch Reconciliation Action Plan, continuing to focus on Indigenous 
employment, training and development, and supporting Indigenous business.  
 
Spend with Indigenous businesses continued to grow with approximately $20 million spent with 
Indigenous suppliers over the six months, more than double the spend in the prior corresponding 
period. Supplier engagement levels remained strong and continued to deliver meaningful outcomes 
across the business and local communities. 
 
Monadelphous continues to promote development opportunities for women across the business. These 
efforts were recognised externally, with a number of its employees honoured at industry awards, 
including finalist recognition at the BHP Women in Resources Na tional Awards, and a category win at 
the Gladstone Engineering Alliance Awards. 
 
The Company remains committed to supporting local communities. During the period, Monadelphous 
expanded its Community Grants Program to include Gladstone in Queensland, Roxby Downs in South 
Australia (SA), and Kalgoorlie, Newman and Port Hedland in WA. The se additions build on the existing 
program in Darwin, NT, and Karratha and Bunbury in WA.  
 
Monadelphous also launched its inaugural ‘Local Legends’ campaign to recognise and celebrate the 
positive impact its employees make within their communities. The campaign showcases these 
contributions and encourages colleagues to nominate and acknowledge e xceptional community 
involvement.  
 
Progress continued toward the Company’s Net Zero emissions goal with ongoing investment in 
environmentally responsible solutions, and the expanded rollout of electric and hybrid vehicles across 
WA and Queensland. The Company also advanced plans for the imp lementation of a battery and solar 
system for its marine operations at Cape Lambert, WA.  
 
Monadelphous remains committed to transitioning its Australian facilities to renewable power by 2030. 
During the period, a solar system was installed at the workshop in Darwin, NT. Plans have been 
developed to transition facilities in Gladstone in Queensland, Mt Thorley in NSW, and Capel in WA. 
 
Preparation continued for the Company’s first year of reporting under Australian Sustainability 
Reporting Standard AASB S2 Climate -related Disclosures. Implementation of the Company’s 
greenhouse gas reporting solution also progressed to support compliance with the new disclosure 
requirements. 
 
For personal use only
 
Page 9 of 15 
 
PRODUCTIVITY AND INNOVATION  
 
Monadelphous is committed to identifying and implementing innovative solutions that create a safer 
workplace, improve productivity and deliver optimal value for customers.  
 
The Company’s culture encourages employees to develop ideas and identify opportunities to 
continuously improve safety and productivity. A strong focus is placed on maintaining an awareness of 
industry trends and innovative technologies that can positively impact operational performance. 
 
During the period, Monadelphous implemented an innovative ventilation solution to enable multiple 
tank confined space entries that were previously prohibited due to safety constraints. By utilising 
existing infrastructure, a direct ventilation solution eli minated cross-contamination risks and enabled 
simultaneous tank work without relying on traditional controls. The solution was approved by the 
offshore regulator, the National Offshore Petroleum Safety and Environmental Management Authority 
(NOPSEMA), and delivered substantial cost savings, exemplifying innovation that enhances both safety 
and productivity.  
 
Monadelphous also deployed a bespoke forklift load securing device, ‘ForkSure’, providing additional 
security and restraints to loads during transport. This innovation supports the Company’s health, safety 
and environment risk requirements and strengthens the management of fatal risks associated with load 
and lifting operations, offering a cost-effective and user-friendly improvement in safety.  
 
The Company also developed the Drill Rig Dust Containment Box to reduce airborne dust exposure risks 
during drilling activities. The solution captures hazardous dust and debris at the source through 
engineered access ports and vacuum integration, significa ntly reducing exposure risks for personnel 
working in close proximity.  
 
Alevro was recognised for its innovative approach to the Pluto Train 2 Project, one of Australia’s largest 
and most technically demanding heavy haul operations, receiving  multiple awards from the Crane 
Industry Council of Australia, including Project of the Year and the People’s Choice Award.   
 
The Company continues to actively monitor and harness emerging technologies to advance innovation, 
safety and productivity. This includes ensuring that appropriate governance structures are in place to 
guide the safe, ethical and effective use of Artificia l Intelligence (AI),  positioning Monadelphous to 
benefit from AI's transformative potential. 
 
OPERATIONAL ACTIVITY  
 
Engineering Construction 
 
Monadelphous’ Engineering Construction division reported revenue of $677.8 million 3 for the six 
months, an increase of 67.2 per cent on the prior corresponding period.  
 
Demand for construction services was strong across all sectors, particularly in iron ore and energy, with 
a greater revenue contribution from vertically integrated construction projects and higher levels of 
major project activity within Zenviron.   
 
The division has secured approximately $770 million of new contracts since 1 July 2025, including several 
major multidisciplinary construction contracts. 
 
3 Includes Monadelphous’ share of joint venture revenue. 
 
For personal use only
 
Page 10 of 15 
 
 
Monadelphous experienced high levels of construction activity across the WA iron ore sector, 
supporting blue chip customers Rio Tinto, BHP and Fortescue. Work was successfully completed at BHP’s 
Car Dumper  3 Renewal Project at Nelson Point in Port Hedland and Orebody 32 in Newman, and 
shutdown and miscellaneous services were delivered at Rio Tinto’s Western Range Project in 
Paraburdoo. Heavy lift services continued to be provided at Fortescue’s Pilbara iron ore sites.  
 
The Company commenced works on a major multidisciplinary construction contract with BHP associated 
with the Jimblebar Train Loadout Replacement Project near Newman, with completion expected in late 
2027. BHP also awarded Monadelphous a significant iron ore  construction contract associated with a 
car dumper project at Finucane Island in Port Hedland. 
 
The Company also secured a number of packages of work with Rio Tinto during the period, including a 
major multidisciplinary construction contract associated with the Brockman Syncline 1 iron ore 
development, and an electrical and instrumentation package at  Rio Tinto’s Parker Point Stockyard 
Sustaining Project near Dampier.  
 
Monadelphous progressed work on a multidisciplinary construction contract at BHP’s Prominent Hill 
Expansion Project, SA, and completed work at Talison Lithium’s Greenbushes site in the southwest of 
WA. The Company also completed electrical and instrumentat ion works for McConnell Dowell 
Constructors and B.M.D. Constructions Joint Venture associated with the Fitzroy to Gladstone Pipeline 
in Central Queensland.  
 
Melchor progressed structural concrete construction works for Saipem Clough Joint Venture at Project 
Ceres, Perdaman Industries’ urea plant located near Dampier, WA, with Alevro providing heavy haulage 
services to the project. Melchor also continued work on the Geraldton Port Maximisation Project in WA, 
a contract with Mid-West Ports Authority.  
 
In the energy sector, construction works progressed on modifications to the existing Woodside -
operated Pluto Liquefied Natural Gas (LNG) Train 1 facility near Karratha, WA, with Alevro also providing 
specialist haulage and lifting services to other Woodsid e-operated facilities in the region.  Additionally, 
work continued at Chevron Australia’s Jansz -Io Compression Project in WA, which includes the 
installation and modification of essential electrical power and control infrastructure.  
 
Inteforge continued to support Iluka’s Eneabba Rare Earths Refinery Project in WA with the supply and 
fabrication of structural steelwork and pipe racks, and also secured a two -year extension to its master 
goods agreement with Origin Energy for the supply of modularised equipment for Australia Pacific LNG 
in Queensland.   
 
In the renewable energy sector, Zenviron progressed the balance -of-plant design, construction, 
installation and commissioning of the 350 MW Wooreen BESS for EnergyAustralia in the Latrobe Valley, 
Victoria, as well as the balance-of-plant civil and electrical works at CS Energy’s Lotus Creek Wind Farm 
in Central Queensland.  
 
Monadelphous also progressed work on the construction of Fortescue’s North Star Junction BESS, 
supporting Fortescue's commitment to decarbonising its Pilbara operations.  
 
  
For personal use only
 
Page 11 of 15 
 
Maintenance and Industrial Services 
 
Monadelphous’ Maintenance and Industrial Services division reported revenue of $852 million for the 
half year, up 32.1 per cent on the prior corresponding period, with continued strong demand for 
maintenance services, particularly in the energy and iron ore sectors.  
 
Since the beginning of the financial year, the division has secured approximately $640 million in new 
contracts and contract extensions. 
 
The Company experienced significant demand from energy customers during the period, including 
INPEX, Woodside and Shell.  
 
Monadelphous delivered significant shutdown and other major works for INPEX, mobilising 
approximately 1,000 personnel across offshore and onshore facilities over the six -month period. High 
levels of activity continued at the INPEX -operated Ichthys LNG onshore processing facilities in Darwin, 
NT, as well as at the Ichthys Explorer central processing facility and the Ichthys Venturer floating 
production storage and offloading (FPSO) facility in the Browse Basin, WA.  
 
The Company continued to provide ongoing maintenance and turnaround services to Woodside’s 
onshore and offshore gas production facilities in WA’s north -west, with preparations underway for 
major shutdown activity in 2026. Monadelphous also commenced planni ng work associated with the 
hook up and commissioning of Woodside’s Floating Production Unit in the Scarborough Gas Field, off 
the Pilbara coast of WA. 
 
Maintenance and minor construction services continued at Shell’s Prelude FLNG facility off the coast of 
WA, along with planning and preparation for a major turnaround scheduled in 2026. Monadelphous 
also continued to provide maintenance and construction se rvices for Shell QGC’s Curtis Island LNG 
operations in Gladstone, Queensland. 
 
The Company completed decommissioning services for Petrofac on the Northern Endeavour FPSO 
facility, with the vessel moving off station during the period. 
 
WA’s iron ore sector continued to drive strong demand for maintenance services, with Monadelphous 
providing fixed plant maintenance services and sustaining capital projects to Rio Tinto, fixed plant 
services to Fortescue and general maintenance services to BHP. 
 
The Company was awarded a contract with Rio Tinto under its marine structural integrity works master 
agreement for the replacement of a section of roadway, inclusive of structural steel and concrete, at 
Cape Lambert Wharf, and secured a 12 -month extension providing marine infrastructure maintenance 
and minor projects at Rio Tinto’s Cape Lambert and Dampier ports. Monadelphous was also awarded a 
contract for modifications to the existing process plant associated with the Hope Downs 2 project, and 
continued to deliver fabrication, supply, installation and commissioning services at the Tom Price mine, 
as well as multidisciplinary construction services at Brockman 4 for an ammonium nitrate storage facility.  
 
The Company also progressed structural remediation works at Rio Tinto’s Paraburdoo, Marandoo and 
Western Turner Syncline sites, with work commencing on the upgrade of the Rolling Stock Maintenance 
Workshop at Fortescue’s Thomas Marshalling Yard in Port Hedland. 
 
  
For personal use only
 
Page 12 of 15 
 
Subsequent to the end of the period, Monadelphous was awarded a five -year contract to continue 
providing maintenance services to Rio Tinto.  Under the contract, which totals approximately $300 
million, the Company will provide fixed plant and shutdown services, delivering generalist mechanical 
and access services across Rio Tinto’s iron ore operations in the Pilbara region of WA.   
 
The Company secured a contract with BHP under its WAIO Asset Projects Framework Agreement for 
works at Berths C and D at the Finucane Island port facilities in Port Hedland.   
 
Monadelphous also secured a five-year extension to its existing contract providing general mechanical 
and electrical maintenance services at Newmont’s gold operations in Boddington, WA, and Tanami, NT, 
where it has been providing services since 2015.  
 
The Company provided maintenance services across BHP’s operations at the Olympic Dam mine site in 
Roxby Downs, SA, as well as securing a package of work under its Olympic Dam Construction Panel 
Framework Agreement for the construction and installation of acid plant cooling towers.  
 
In Papua New Guinea, Monadelphous continued to provide sustaining capital projects and maintenance 
support activities at Newmont’s gold operations at Lihir Island, as well as Santos’ production and 
support facilities in the Southern Highlands. Subsequent t o period end, the Company also secured a 
contract with Santos for the demolition and disposal of the Hegigio Pipeline Bridge, a 500 -metre long 
suspended wire bridge, also located in the Southern Highlands region. Work on the bridge is expected 
to be completed in the second half of 2026. 
 
In WA’s south -west region, Monadelphous delivered shutdown and maintenance services, as well as 
minor project works, at South32’s Worsley Alumina operations. 
 
Other significant contract activity during the period included:  
 
• Mechanical maintenance services at Queensland Alumina Limited’s operations in Gladstone, 
Queensland;  
• Rope access and associated services for Dalrymple Bay Coal Terminal in Hay Point, Queensland; 
• Compressor station upgrade works at Jemena’s Eastern Gas Pipeline Reversal Project in Victoria;  
• Rail maintenance projects for Pacific National across WA, NSW and SA; 
• Maintenance services at BHP’s Mt Arthur Coal in the Hunter Valley, NSW; 
• Dragline shutdowns for BHP Mitsubishi Alliance and Whitehaven Coal in Central Queensland;  
• Operation and maintenance of the coal handling facility at the Muja Power Station for Synergy 
in Collie, WA; and  
• Ongoing mechanical, electrical and access maintenance services for fixed plant shutdowns at 
Rio Tinto’s Gove operations, NT.  
 
 
  
For personal use only
 
Page 13 of 15 
 
MARKETS AND OUTLOOK4  
 
Long-term demand in the resources and energy sectors is expected to  remain strong, supported by an 
improved global economic growth outlook, albeit against a backdrop of trade tariffs, geopolitical 
tensions and ongoing conflicts. 
  
High production levels across most commodities continue to drive demand for sustaining capital works 
and maintenance services. Iron ore prices  remain firm, supporting current production rates 
and underpinning ongoing investment in both new projects and exi sting operations across WA’s iron 
ore sector, with a continued focus on productivity to maintain competitiveness.  
 
The outlook for energy transition metals continues to strengthen, with battery metal prices recovering. 
Over the medium- to long-term, development in the mining and mineral processing sector, particularly 
for copper, other base metals and critical minerals, is expected to accelerate to meet growing demand, 
driving significant investment.  
  
The energy sector continues to offer substantial opportunities, supported by multiple gas construction 
projects and sustained demand for maintenance services. Monadelphous remains  well positioned  to 
support customers across the full asset life cycle, including late-life operations and decommissioning.  
  
Australia’s Net Zero emissions objective continues to drive long-term investment in energy generation, 
storage, and transmission infrastructure, despite some constraints arising from planning approvals and 
network access. Monadelphous is well positioned to  capitalise on energy transition opportunities by 
leveraging its broad services capability and expanding its high-voltage services offering, while Zenviron 
is well placed to secure further wind farm and battery energy storage  system projects. The Company 
will continue to support the resources and energy sector’s decarbonisation programs, working 
collaboratively with customers and third -party energy providers to deliver a growing pipeline of 
opportunities. 
 
The Company’s committed pipeline  remains strong, with more than $1.4 billion in new contracts 
secured since the beginning of the  financial year. Following record first-half revenue, full-year revenue 
for FY26 is currently forecast to be approximately 30 pe r cent higher than the prior year, with 1H26 
operating margins maintained.  
 
Monadelphous remains committed to delivering quality earnings through a selective approach to new 
work, collaborative customer relationships,  high standards of execution, and a disciplined approach to 
the allocation of risk. Supported by a strong balance s heet, the Company  will continue to  build and 
leverage its enhanced delivery capability, including recent acquisitions, while maintaining the flexibility 
to pursue strategic opportunities that support long-term sustainable growth. 
 
In closing,  I thank the entire Monadelphous team for their dedication and commitment, which are 
fundamental to our continued growth and success. I also extend my gratitude to our customers, 
shareholders, and the many other stakeholders for their ongoing trust and support. 
 
 
 
4 This document may provide forward-looking statements, including forecast financial information, relating to the future financial 
or operational performance of Monadelphous. These statements are based on assumptions that are subject to risks, uncertainties 
and factors which may be outside the control of Monadelphous. Whilst due care and attention has been taken in preparing the 
assumptions underlying any forward-looking statements in this document, actual results may vary.  
For personal use only
 
Page 14 of 15 
 
Revenue including joint ventures is a non-IFRS measure which does not have any standardised meaning 
prescribed by IFRS and therefore may not be comparable to revenue presented by other companies. 
This measure, which is unaudited, is important to management  when used as an additional means to 
evaluate the Company’s performance. 
 
Reconciliation of Total Revenue from Contracts with Customers including joint ventures to 
Statutory Revenue from Contracts with Customers (unaudited) 
 
1 Represents Monadelphous’ proportionate share of the revenue from joint ventures accounted for 
using the equity method. 
 
 
EBITDA is a non-IFRS earnings measure which does not have any standardised meaning prescribed by 
IFRS and therefore may not be comparable to EBITDA presented by other companies. This measure, 
which is unaudited, is important to management as an additional way to evaluate the Company’s 
performance. 
 
Reconciliation of profit before income tax to EBITDA (unaudited):  
 
2 Represents Monadelphous’ proportionate share of the interest, depreciation, amortisation and tax of 
joint ventures accounted for using the equity method. 
 
  
 31 December 2025 31 December 2024 
 $’000 $’000 
   
Total revenue from contracts with customers  
including joint ventures 1,529,836 1,050,532 
Share of revenue from joint ventures 1 (93,613) (31,697) 
Statutory revenue from contracts with customers 1,436,223 1,018,835 
 31 December 2025 31 December 2024 
 $’000 $’000 
   
Profit before income tax 94,298 61,732 
Interest expense on loans and hire purchase finance 
charges 1,086 1,360 
Interest expense on other lease liabilities  674 606 
Interest revenue (2,940) (4,992) 
Depreciation of owned and hire purchase assets 17,262 16,329 
Depreciation of right of use assets  4,106 4,068 
Amortisation of intangibles 867 410 
Share of interest, depreciation, amortisation and tax of 
joint ventures 2 797 263 
EBITDA  116,150 79,776 
For personal use only
 
Page 15 of 15 
 
DIVIDEND ENTITLEMENTS  
 
The fully franked interim dividend of 49 cents per share will be paid to shareholders on 27 March 2026 
with the record date for entitlements being 6 March 2026. 
 
Updating Direct Credit Details 
 
Monadelphous strongly encourages all shareholders in Australia and New Zealand to update their 
Australian or New Zealand banking details online through Computershare’s Investor Centre website. 
Please login or register at www.investorcentre.com/au. This is a quick and easy way to manage your 
security holding. Alternatively, you may contact Computershare on 1300 364 961 (within Australia) or 
+61 3 9946 4415 (outside Australia). Payments will be made in the currency of the bank account which 
is recorded on the register as at 6 March 2026. 
 
Further Information 
 
Analysts/Investors 
Kristy Glasgow 
Investor Relations 
T +61 8 9316 6386 
M +61 403 781 909 
Investor_relations@monadel.com.au 
Media 
Ella McCarthy 
Group Manager - Marketing and Communications   
T +61 8 6311 1018  
M +61 401 404 874  
EMcCarthy@monadel.com.au 
 
 
About Monadelphous 
 
With over 50 years of experience, Monadelphous Group Limited (ASX: MND) is a leading Australian 
engineering group providing construction, maintenance and industrial services to the resources, energy 
and infrastructure sectors. The Company has two operating  divisions − Engineering Construction, 
providing large -scale multidisciplinary and vertically integrated project management and construction 
services, and Maintenance and Industrial Services, specialising in the planning, management and 
execution of mechan ical and electrical maintenance services, shutdowns and sustaining capital works.   
 
Monadelphous is headquartered in Perth, Western Australia, with a major office in Brisbane, Queensland, 
and offices, projects, facilities and workshops across Australia and in China, Mongolia, Papua New Guinea, 
Vietnam and the Philippines. Please visit www.monadelphous.com.au for further information. 
For personal use only