BETA Close X Victrex plc reported a 4% decrease in Q1 2026 sales volume to 858 tonnes, resulting in a 6% revenue decline to £62.4 million compared to the prior year, with average selling prices remaining broadly stable. Year-to-date volumes are now in line with the previous year, driven by a recovery in January after a weaker December, though revenues are slightly lower due to sales mix. The company maintains its full-year guidance, expecting performance to be weighted towards the second half, with the first half anticipated to be weaker than the prior year. Net debt stood at £21.1 million at the end of December, with cash of £28 million. Victrex is progressing with a Profit Improvement Plan targeting at least £10 million in annualised cost savings by FY 2027. Disclaimer* Victrex PLC 06 February 2026 6 February 2026 Victrex plc - AGM & Q1 trading update 'YTD volumes in line with prior year: FY guidance maintained' Victrex plc is an innovative world leader in high performance polymer solutions, focused on the strategic markets of Automotive, Aerospace, Energy & Industrial, Electronics and Medical. Today's trading update covers the first quarter (Q1) of FY 2026, from 1 October 2025 to 31 December 2025. Q1 performance summary o Q1 (3 months ended 31 December 2025) volumes reduced by 4%, reflecting growth in Energy & Industrial offset by a more subdued performance in Transport, Value Added Resellers (VARs) and Medical o Average selling price (ASP) was broadly in line with the prior year Quarter ended 31 December 2025 (Q1) Q1 2026 Q1 2025 % change Sales volume (tonnes) 858 898 -4% Revenue (£m) 62.4 66.6 -6% ASP (£/kg) 73 74 -2% Year to date ('YTD') performance · YTD (4 months ended 31 January 2026) volumes in line with prior year, with January recovering some of the shortfall from a weaker December · YTD revenues slightly lower than prior year, primarily reflecting sales mix · As previously communicated, FY 2026 performance is expected to be weighted to the second half · Performance in H1 2026 is expected to be weaker than H1 2025, reflecting the weaker end to Q1 and the currency headwind being weighted to the first half Divisional and end-market performance In our Sustainable Solutions business, Energy & Industrial continues to perform well as activity levels remain healthy within this end market. Whilst VARs saw a slower start in Q1, momentum improved at the start of Q2. YTD volumes in VARs are now ahead of the prior year. Medical revenues remain slightly below the prior year on a YTD basis, with January seeing the normal seasonal improvement over Q1. Financial position Net debt at 31 December was £21.1m, with cash of £28m. This is prior to payment of the FY 2025 final dividend (46.14p/share), totalling approximately £40m, later this month. Total dividends per share for FY 2025 were 59.56p. Profit Improvement Plan Actions are progressing at pace to deliver our Profit Improvement Plan which is focused on three pillars: Portfolio simplification, operating efficiency and overhead costs. We are targeting annualised cost savings of at least £10m to be realised in FY 2027, with some initial benefits during the latter part of H2 2026. W e will provide an update on progress at our interim results. Outlook: full-year guidance unchanged Dr James Routh, Chief Executive Officer of Victrex, said: "The start of FY 2026 reflected usual Q1 seasonality, alongside a subdued performance across some end-markets. On a year to date basis, our second quarter started solidly, with YTD volumes now in line with the prior year. Whilst we continue to be mindful of wider macroeconomic conditions, our full year guidance remains unchanged. As previously communicated, performance will be weighted to the second half. The first half is expected to be weaker than the prior year. "At this early stage of my tenure, I have been impressed with our innovation know-how, our breadth of growth opportunities and the passion of our talented people to rapidly adapt and improve our financial performance. FY 2026 will be a transitional year, with our Profit Improvement Plan helping us become a more efficient, growth focused and performance oriented company. By further differentiating our business and creating a more agile and customer-focused organisation, we will unlock Victrex's potential and better position the company for sustainable growth over the medium to longer term ." Annual General Meeting Victrex's Annual General Meeting will be held today, starting at 11.00am GMT and taking place at JP Morgan, 1 John Carpenter Street, London EC4Y 0JP, United Kingdom. Victrex plc: Andrew Hanson, Director of Investor Relations, Corporate Communications & ESG +44 (0) 7809 59583 Ian Melling, Chief Financial Officer +44 (0) 1253 897700 Dr James Routh, Chief Executive Officer +44 (0) 1253 897700 About Victrex: Victrex is an innovative world leader in high performance polymer solutions, focused on the strategic markets of Automotive, Aerospace, Energy & Industrial, Electronics and Medical. Every day, millions of people rely on products or applications which contain our sustainable materials, from smartphones, aircraft and cars to energy operations and medical devices. With over 40 years' experience, we are moving beyond the polymer into semi-finished and finished products which shape future performance for our customers and our markets, enable environmental and societal benefit for our customers and drive value for our shareholders. Find out more at www.victrexplc.com Forward looking statements: This announcement has been prepared solely to provide additional information to the shareholders of Victrex plc, to meet the requirements of the FCA's Disclosure and Transparency Rules. It should not be relied on by any other party, for any other purposes. Forward-looking statements have been made by the directors in good faith, using information available up until the date on which they approved this statement. Forward-looking statements should be regarded with caution, because of the inherent uncertainties in economic trends and business risks. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Victrex plc (VCT) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 39 minutes ago Greggs 40 minutes ago Greggs 1 hour ago Fuller Smith & Turner 1 hour ago CLS Holdings 1 hour ago Rolls-Royce Holdings All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and