BETA Close X Victrex plc has awarded 13,035 free ordinary shares, valued at nil cost, to Chief Executive Officer Dr. James Routh on 12 February 2026 as part of his recruitment package, compensating him for shares forfeited from his previous employer. These Deferred Bonus Buyout Shares are subject to a holding period until 17 November 2028, with the award based on share prices from 31 December 2025. Following this award, Dr. Routh now holds a total of 17,555 ordinary shares in the company. Disclaimer* Victrex PLC 12 February 2026 12 February 2026 Victrex plc Award of Deferred Bonus Buyout Shares On 12 February 2026 (the " Grant Date ") Victrex awarded 13,035 free shares in the Company (the " Deferred Bonus Buyout Shares ") to Dr. James Routh, Chief Executive Officer, as agreed as part of his recruitment package. The Deferred Bonus Buyout Shares were awarded to compensate Dr. Routh in respect of 6,619 shares he would have received in his previous employer, AB Dynamics plc, but for him ceasing to be an employee of AB Dynamics plc in order to join Victrex. The Deferred Bonus Buyout Shares are subject to a holding period ending on 17 November 2028, during which they may not normally be sold (other than to fund the tax charge arising on acquisition). The number of Deferred Bonus Buyout Shares was based on the closing share price of Victrex and AB Dynamics plc on 31 December 2025, being the latest dealing date prior to Dr. Routh commencing employment with Victrex on 1 January 2026. Notes: As a result of these transactions, Dr. Routh holds 17,555 ordinary shares in the Company. The Notification of Dealing Forms set out below are provided in accordance with the requirements of the UK Market Abuse Regulation. Enquiries : Andrew Hanson, Director of Investor Relations, Corporate Communications & ESG +44 (0) 7809 595831 About Victrex: Victrex is an innovative world leader in high performance polymer solutions, focused on the strategic markets of Automotive, Aerospace, Energy & Industrial, Electronics and Medical. Every day, millions of people rely on products or applications which contain our sustainable materials, from smartphones, aircraft and cars to energy operations and medical devices. With over 40 years' experience, we are moving beyond the polymer into semi-finished and finished products which shape future performance for our customers and our markets, enable environmental and societal benefit for our customers and drive value for our shareholders. Find out more at www.victrexplc.com Registered Office: Victrex Technology Centre, Hillhouse International, Thornton Cleveleys, Lancashire, FY5 4QD Registered Number: 2793780, England and Wales Buyout Awards 1. Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities/person closely associated (a) Name James Routh 2. Reason for the notification (a) Position/status Chief Executive Officer (b) Initial notification/ Amendment Initial notification 3. Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor (a) Name Victrex plc (b) LEI 213800UYNPHAUNHPXL67 4. Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted (a) Description of the Financial Instrument Ordinary shares of 1p each Identification code of the Financial Instrument GB0009292243 (b) Nature of the transaction Award of free shares subject to a holding period (c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume Nil 13,035 (d) Aggregated information: - Aggregated volume - Price N/A Nil (e) Date of the transaction 12 February 2026 (f) Place of the transaction Outside a trading venue This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Victrex plc (VCT) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 40 minutes ago Taseko Mines Limited NPV (DI) 40 minutes ago Taseko Mines Limited NPV (DI) 40 minutes ago Xeros Technology Group 40 minutes ago Plus500 Ltd (DI) 40 minutes ago Capital for Colleagues plc All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and