BETA Close X Victrex PLC has published its 2025 Annual Report & Accounts for the financial year ending 30 September 2025. The report is available on the company's corporate website and has been submitted to the National Storage Mechanism for inspection. Disclaimer* Victrex PLC 22 December 2025 22 December 2025 Annual Report & Accounts Victrex plc is an innovative world leader in high performance polymer solutions, whose products enable environmental and societal benefit in multiple end-markets. The Group announces that it has today published its 2025 Annual Report & Accounts, covering the financial year ended 30 September 2025. A copy of the Annual Report & Accounts is available for download on Victrex's corporate website at www.victrexplc.com on the homepage and via the Investors / Reports & Presentations tab. A copy has also been submitted to the National Storage Mechanism and will be available for inspection which can be accessed at https://data.fca.org.uk/#/nsm/nationalstoragemechanism . Enquiries: Andrew Hanson, Director of Investor Relations, Corporate Communications & ESG +44 (0) 1253 898121 / +44 (0) 7809 595831 About Victrex: Victrex is an innovative world leader in high performance polymer solutions, focused on the strategic markets of automotive, aerospace, energy & industrial, electronics and medical. Every day, millions of people use our sustainable products in a range of everyday applications - from smartphones, aeroplanes and cars to energy operations and medical devices. With over 40 years' experience, we develop world leading solutions in PEEK and PAEK based polymers, semi-finished and finished parts which shape future performance for our customers and our markets, enable environmental and societal benefits, and drive value for our shareholders. Find out more at www.victrexplc.com This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Victrex plc (VCT) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 38 minutes ago Greggs 40 minutes ago Greggs 1 hour ago Fuller Smith & Turner 1 hour ago CLS Holdings 1 hour ago Rolls-Royce Holdings All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and