BETA Close X Victrex PLC has applied for a block listing of 310,000 ordinary shares, each with a nominal value of 1 pence, to be admitted to the Official List and the premium segment of the London Stock Exchange's Main Market. These new shares are reserved for future exercises under the Victrex Plc 2019 Long Term Incentive Plan and will rank pari passu with existing ordinary shares upon issuance, with admission expected to be effective at 8am on 21 November 2025. Disclaimer* Victrex PLC 20 November 2025 Victrex Plc (the "Company") Block Listing Application Application has been made to the Financial Conduct Authority and The London Stock Exchange for a block listing of 310,000 ordinary shares of 1 pence each in the Company ("Ordinary Shares"), to be admitted to the Official List and to trading on the premium segment of the Main Market of the London Stock Exchange. All of these Ordinary Shares will be reserved for the future exercises of share options pursuant to the following schemes: Scheme Amount Victrex Plc 2019 Long Term Incentive Plan 310,000 The new Ordinary S hares when issued will rank pari passu in all respects with the existing ordinary shares in issue. It is expected that admission will become effective at 8am on 21 November 2025. Enquiries: Jane Brisley (General Counsel & Company Secretary) cosec@victrex.com This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Victrex plc (VCT) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 4 hours ago Greggs 4 hours ago Greggs 5 hours ago Fuller Smith & Turner 5 hours ago CLS Holdings 5 hours ago Rolls-Royce Holdings All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and