BETA Close X Victrex plc has announced its total voting rights as of 27 February 2026, stating that its issued share capital comprises 87,094,181 ordinary shares of 1p each, with each share carrying one voting right and no shares held in treasury. This figure of 87,094,181 shares will serve as the denominator for shareholders calculating their notification requirements under the FCA's Disclosure and Transparency Rules. The company also noted that 21,501 new ordinary shares were issued following the exercise of options under its share option schemes, which rank pari passu with existing shares. Disclaimer* Victrex PLC 27 February 2026 27 February 2026 Victrex plc Total Voting Rights In accordance with the FCA's Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rule 5.6.1, Victrex plc (Victrex or the Company) confirms that the Company's issued share capital as of 27 February 2026 consists of 87,094,181 o rdinary shares of 1p each, each carrying one voting right. No shares are held in treasury. The above figure of 87,094,181 shares may be used by shareholders as the denominator for the calculations by which they will determine if they are required to notify their interest in, or a change to their interest in, Victrex plc shares under the FCA's Disclosure and Transparency Rules. Since the last total voting rights disclosure, certain employees exercised options over a total of 21,501 ordinary shares of 1p each under Victrex's share option schemes. Admission to trading on the London Stock Exchange (ISIN: GB0009292243) of the new ordinary shares has been satisfied via block admission for the relevant share option scheme and rank pari passu with the existing ordinary shares of Victrex plc. About Victrex: Victrex is an innovative world leader in high performance polymer solutions, focused on the strategic markets of Automotive, Aerospace, Energy & Industrial, Electronics and Medical. Every day, millions of people rely on products or applications which contain our sustainable materials, from smartphones, aircraft and cars to energy operations and medical devices. With over 40 years' experience, we are moving beyond the polymer into semi-finished and finished products which shape future performance for our customers and our markets, enable environmental and societal benefit for our customers and drive value for our shareholders. Find out more at www.victrexplc.com Enquiries : Claire Lowry +44(0) 1253 897477 Registered Office: Victrex Technology Centre, Hillhouse International Thornton Cleveleys, Lancashire, FY5 4QD Registered Number: 2793780, England and Wales LEI number: 213800UYNPHAUNHPXL67 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Victrex plc (VCT) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 39 minutes ago Greggs 40 minutes ago Greggs 1 hour ago Fuller Smith & Turner 1 hour ago CLS Holdings 1 hour ago Rolls-Royce Holdings All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and