BETA Close X Victrex plc announced on February 12, 2026, that its Chief Executive Officer, Dr. James Routh, was granted nil-cost options over a total of 318,449 ordinary shares. These awards include buy-out awards totaling 146,448 shares to compensate for forfeited incentives from his previous employer, with vesting dates ranging from December 2025 to November 2027, subject to performance conditions. Additionally, Dr. Routh received a 2026 LTIP award of 172,001 shares, valued at 175% of his base salary, which will vest based on EPS, TSR, ROIC, and sustainability targets over three years, with a five-year post-grant holding period. Disclaimer* Victrex PLC 12 February 2026 12 February 2026 Victrex plc Grant of Nil-Cost Options On 12 February 2026 (the " Grant Date ") the Company granted awards in the form of nil-cost options over a total of 318,449 ordinary shares in Victrex to Dr. James Routh, Chief Executive Officer, comprising: (a) three standalone awards over the number of shares specified in the table below, which reflect three long-term incentive awards forfeited by Dr Routh as a result of him ceasing to be an employee of his previous employer, AB Dynamics plc, in order to join Victrex, as agreed as part of his recruitment package (the " Buyout Awards ") Number of Victrex shares Normal Vesting Date* Part 1 of the 2023 LTIP Buy-Out Award 25,530 4 December 2025 2024 LTIP Buy-Out Award 54,538 8 February 2027 2025 LTIP Buy-Out Award 66,380 29 November 2027 *The Awards will vest on the later of their Normal Vesting Date and the date on which the extent of achievement against the applicable performance conditions is determined and approved by the Victrex Remuneration Committee. (b) two awards under the Victrex 2019 Long Term Incentive Plan (the " LTIP ") over 21,501 Shares (" Part 2 of the 2023 LTIP Buy-Out Award ") and 150,500 Shares (the " 2026 LTIP Award "). Buyout award terms The buy-out arrangements were structured in accordance with the principles set out in the Company's approved Directors' Remuneration Policy, in particular that they are limited to a reasonable estimate of value of remuneration lost when leaving the former employer and reflect the delivery mechanism, time horizons and performance requirements attached to that remuneration. The structure of the awards mirrors what was forfeited on leaving AB Dynamics, and the conversion into Victrex shares on joining provides alignment with Victrex shareholders. The Buyout Awards (including Part 2 of the 2023 LTIP Buy-Out Award) are, therefore, subject to the same performance conditions (where applicable) and post-vesting holding periods as the forfeited AB Dynamics LTIP awards. Further details will be contained within the 2026 Directors' Remuneration Report. The Buyout Awards (including Part 2 of the 2023 LTIP Buy-Out Award) will become exercisable on the same dates as the awards they replace (provided the Company's remuneration committee can assess the extent to which the performance conditions are met) and any shares acquired are subject to the same holding periods. The number of ordinary shares over which the Buyout Awards were granted was based on the mid-market closing share price of Victrex and AB Dynamics plc on 31 December 2025, being the latest dealing date prior to Dr. Routh commencing employment with Victrex on 1 January 2026 . The exercise of the Buyout Awards will not be satisfied with an issue of shares or a transfer of treasury shares. 2026 LTIP Award The 2026 LTIP Award has been granted with a value representing 175% of Dr Routh's base salary as at the Grant Date. The 2026 LTIP Award will vest based on the achievement of EPS, TSR, ROIC and sustainability targets over a 3-year performance period. The detailed performance conditions will be provided in the 2026 Directors' Remuneration Report. The 2026 LTIP Award is subject to a holding period ending on the fifth anniversary of the date of grant. The number of shares over which the 2026 LTIP Award was granted was calculated based on a share price of £6.9767, being the mid-market price quoted over a three-day average immediately preceding the Grant Date. Notes: As a result of these transactions, Dr. James Routh holds options over 318,449 ordinary shares in the Company. The Notification of Dealing Forms set out below are provided in accordance with the requirements of the UK Market Abuse Regulation. Enquiries: Andrew Hanson, Director of Investor Relations, Corporate Communications & ESG +44 (0) 7809 595831 About Victrex: Victrex is an innovative world leader in high performance polymer solutions, focused on the strategic markets of Automotive, Aerospace, Energy & Industrial, Electronics and Medical. Every day, millions of people rely on products or applications which contain our sustainable materials, from smartphones, aircraft and cars to energy operations and medical devices. With over 40 years' experience, we are moving beyond the polymer into semi-finished and finished products which shape future performance for our customers and our markets, enable environmental and societal benefit for our customers and drive value for our shareholders. Find out more at www.victrexplc.com Registered Office: Victrex Technology Centre, Hillhouse International, Thornton Cleveleys, Lancashire, FY5 4QD Registered Number: 2793780, England and Wales Buyout Awards 1. Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities/person closely associated (a) Name James Routh 2. Reason for the notification (a) Position/status Chief Executive Officer (b) Initial notification/ Amendment Initial notification 3. Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor (a) Name Victrex plc (b) LEI 213800UYNPHAUNHPXL67 4. Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted (a) Description of the Financial Instrument Nil-cost options over ordinary shares of 1p each Identification code of the Financial Instrument GB0009292243 (b) Nature of the transaction Grant of nil-cost options to acquire ordinary shares in the Company in compensation for awards forfeited on leaving former employer (c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume Nil 25,530 Nil 54,538 Nil 66,380 (d) Aggregated information: - Aggregated volume - Price N/A Nil (e) Date of the transaction 12 February 2026 (f) Place of the transaction Outside a trading venue 2026 LTIP Award 1. Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities/person closely associated (a) Name James Routh 2. Reason for the notification (a) Position/status Chief Executive Officer (b) Initial notification/ Amendment Initial notification 3. Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor (a) Name Victrex plc (b) LEI 213800UYNPHAUNHPXL67 4. Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted (a) Description of the Financial Instrument Nil-cost options over ordinary shares of 1p each Identification code of the Financial Instrument GB0009292243 (b) Nature of the transaction Grant of two LTIP awards (in the form of nil-cost options to acquire ordinary shares in the Company) (c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume Nil 21,501 Nil 150,500 (d) Aggregated information: - Aggregated volume - Price N/A Nil (e) Date of the transaction 12 February 2026 (f) Place of the transaction Outside a trading venue This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Victrex plc (VCT) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 hour ago Ondo Insurtech 1 hour ago Ondo Insurtech 1 hour ago Sunbelt Rentals Holdings, Inc. 2 hours ago Savannah Energy 2 hours ago Savills All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and