BETA Close X Victrex plc announced that its Chief Financial Officer, Ian Melling, purchased 3,500 ordinary shares on December 18, 2025, at a price of £6.43 per share. This transaction, a purchase of ordinary shares on the London Stock Exchange, represents an initial notification by a person discharging managerial responsibilities. Disclaimer* Victrex PLC 17 December 2025 Director/PDMR Shareholding Victrex plc is an innovative world leader in high performance polymer solutions, delivering sustainable products which enable environmental and societal benefit in multiple end-markets. The company announces that Ian Melling , Chief Financial Officer of Victrex, purchased 3,500 ordinary shares in the Company on 18 December 2025 at a price of £ 6.43 per ordinary share. The FCA notification in respect of the above made in accordance with the requirements of the UK Market Abuse Regulation, is appended below. Notification and public disclosure of transactions by persons discharging managerial responsibilities and persons closely associated with them . 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / person closely associated a) Name Ian Melling 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/status Chief Financial Officer b) Initial notification /Amendment Initial Notification 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name Victrex plc b) LEI 213800UYNPHAUNHPXL67 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Ordinary Shares of 1p each- Identification code GB0009292243 b) Nature of the transaction Purchase of Shares c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) £ 6.43 3,500 d) Aggregated information n/a single transaction - Aggregated volume - Price e) Date of the transaction 2025-12-18 f) Place of the transaction London Stock Exchange This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Victrex plc (VCT) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 4 minutes ago Keller Group 1 hour ago IWG 1 hour ago Ultimate Products 1 hour ago Trekor Metals Limited 1 hour ago Plus500 Ltd (DI) All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and