BETA Close X Victrex plc announced significant leadership changes, with Chief Financial Officer Ian Melling stepping down on July 31, 2026, and a search for his replacement underway. The company also welcomed Andrew Ng as Chief Commercial Officer in May 2026 and Daniel Diffenderfer as Managing Director, Medical earlier this month. Concurrently, Michael Koch, Jane Brisley, and Andrew Hanson will depart on July 31, 2026. On the Board, Peter Kiernan joined as a Non-Executive Director in March 2026 and became Chair of the Audit Committee in May 2026, while Maria Antoniou will join as a Non-Executive Director on September 1, 2026, and Chair of the Remuneration Committee on October 1, 2026. Janet Ashdown and Brendan Connolly will retire from the Board in February 2027. The company will host its Capital Markets Event on September 24, 2026. Disclaimer* Victrex PLC 24 July 2026 24 July 2026 Victrex plc Directorate and leadership changes Victrex plc (LSE: VCT) today announces a series of changes to its Board and Executive Committee, as it continues to strengthen its leadership for the next phase of the Company's growth journey. Chief Financial Officer On 31 July 2026, Ian Melling will step down as Chief Financial Officer and as a member of the Board. An orderly transition is underway and the search for a Chief Financial Officer is in progress. An update on interim finance leadership will follow shortly. Executive Committee The Company continues to make new appointments to its Executive Committee: · Andrew Ng joined as Chief Commercial Officer in May 2026. · Daniel Diffenderfer joined earlier this month, as Managing Director, Medical. Michael Koch, Managing Director, Sustainable Solutions, Jane Brisley, General Counsel, and Andrew Hanson, Director of Investor Relations, Corporate Communications and ESG, have each decided to leave the Company with effect from 31 July 2026. James Routh, Chief Executive Officer, said: "I would like to thank Ian, Michael, Jane, and Andrew for their contribution to Victrex and for their support in helping me integrate successfully during my first 7 months as CEO. I wish them all the very best for the future. With a new leadership team now embedded, I look forward to setting out our strategy and priorities at the upcoming Capital Markets Event in September." Board ​ Peter Kiernan joined the Board as a Non-Executive Director in March 2026 and succeeded David Thomas as Chair of the Audit Committee in May 2026. ​ Maria Antoniou joins the Board on 1 September 2026 as a Non-Executive Director and will succeed Janet Ashdown as Chair of the Remuneration Committee on 1 October 2026. ​ Janet Ashdown and Brendan Connolly will retire from the Board at the conclusion of the Company's AGM in February 2027, having each completed nine years' service. Capital Markets Event The Group issued its Q3 trading update on 7 July 2026 and will host its 2026 Capital Markets Event on 24 September 2026. Enquiries: Victrex plc: Stephen Lamacraft, Investor Relations, stephen.lamacraft@victrex.com +44 (0) 7776 433916 Dr. James Routh, CEO, james.routh@victrex.com +44 (0) 1253 897700 Corporate brokers Chris Baird, Chris.Baird@investec.com Ben Lawrence, ben.lawrence@investec.com Alia Malik, alia.malik@jpmorgan.com Charlie Oakes, charles.x.oakes@jpmorgancazenove.com About Victrex: Victrex is an innovative world leader in high performance polymer solutions, focused on the strategic markets of Automotive, Aerospace, Energy & Industrial, Electronics and Medical. Every day, millions of people rely on products or applications which contain our sustainable materials, from smartphones, aeroplanes and cars to energy operations and medical devices. With over 40 years' experience, we are moving beyond the polymer into semi-finished and finished products which shape future performance for our customers and our markets, enable environmental and societal benefit for our customers and drive value for our shareholders. Find out more at www.victrexplc.com This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Victrex plc (VCT) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 6 hours ago Savills 6 hours ago Berkeley Group Holdings (The) 6 hours ago Great Southern Copper 6 hours ago OSB Group 6 hours ago Taylor Wimpey All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and