BETA Close X Victrex plc has announced that as of 31 December 2025, its issued share capital comprises 87,071,124 ordinary 1p shares, with each share carrying one vote. The company currently holds no shares in treasury, resulting in a total of 87,071,124 voting rights. This figure serves as the denominator for shareholders to calculate any required notifications regarding their interests in the company. Disclaimer* Victrex PLC 31 December 2025 31 December 2025 Victrex plc ('the Company') Voting Rights and Capital In accordance with the FCA's Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rules, the Company notifies that as of 31 December 2025, the Company's issued share capital consisted of 87,071,124 ordinary 1p shares with each share carrying one vote. No shares are currently held in Treasury. The total number of voting rights in the Company as of 31 December 2025 is therefore 87,071,124. The above figure may be used by shareholders as the denominator for the calculation by which they will determine if they are required to notify their interest in, or a change to their interest in, the Company. Name of contact and telephone number for queries: Claire Lowry: 07920 495820 Registered Office: Victrex Technology Centre, Hillhouse International, Thornton Cleveleys, Lancashire, FY5 4QD Registered Number: 2793780, England and Wales LEI number: 213800UYNPHAUNHPXL67 Website: www.victrexplc.com This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Victrex plc (VCT) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 4 hours ago Greggs 4 hours ago Greggs 5 hours ago Fuller Smith & Turner 5 hours ago CLS Holdings 5 hours ago Rolls-Royce Holdings All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and