BETA Close X Victrex PLC announced on December 11, 2025, that its Chief Executive Officer, Jakob Sigurdsson, and Chief Financial Officer, Ian Melling, received share option awards on December 10, 2025. Sigurdsson and Melling were granted deferred bonus awards under the 2017 Deferred Bonus Plan, vesting in three years, with Melling also receiving nil cost options under the 2019 Long Term Incentive Plan, subject to performance conditions and a subsequent two-year holding period. Melling received 96,207 options, while Sigurdsson and Melling received 16,189 and 8,192 options respectively, all granted outside a trading venue with no cost. Disclaimer* Victrex PLC 11 December 2025 Director/PDMR Shareholding Victrex plc (the Company) is an innovative world leader in high performance polymer solutions, delivering sustainable products which enable environmental and societal benefit in multiple end-markets. The Company announces details of the grant of share option awards on 10 December 2025 to the Company's Executive Directors in respect of Ordinary Shares of 1p each in the Company. Two separate awards were granted: 1. Jakob Sigurdsson (Chief Executive Officer) and Ian Melling (Chief Financial Officer) of the Company have received a deferred bonus award (based on a partial bonus being triggered, for non-profit metrics including underlying operating cash conversion) in respect of the Company's financial year ended 30 September 2025 granted under the Company's 2017 Deferred Bonus Plan. The awards vest on the third anniversary of the grant and are not subject to any performance criteria. 2. Ian Melling received an award of nil cost options under the Company's 2019 Long Term Incentive Plan. The award vests on the third anniversary of the grant, subject to the satisfaction of pre-determined performance conditions and any vested shares will be subject to a two-year holding period thereafter. The FCA notification in respect of the above made in accordance with the requirements of the UK Market Abuse Regulation, is appended below. Transactions by persons discharging managerial responsibilities and persons closely associated with them. 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / person closely associated a) Name 1. Jakob Sigurdsson 2. Ian Melling 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/status 1. Chief Executive Officer 2. Chief Financial Officer b) Initial notification /Amendment Initial notification 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name Victrex plc b) LEI 213800UYNPHAUNHPXL67 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Ordinary shares of 1p each Identification code b) Nature of the transaction Grant of Options under the Victrex 2017 Deferred Bonus Plan c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) 1 Nil cost 16,189 2 Nil cost 8,192 d) Aggregated information - Aggregated volume n/a - Price Nil e) Date of the transaction 2025-12-10 f) Place of the transaction Outside a trading venue 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / person closely associated a) Name Ian Melling 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/status Chief Financial Officer b) Initial notification /Amendment Initial notification 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name Victrex plc b) LEI 213800UYNPHAUNHPXL67 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Ordinary shares of 1p each Identification code b) Nature of the transaction Grant of a Nil Cost Option under the Victrex 2019 Long Term Incentive Plan c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) 1. Nil cost 96,207 d) Aggregated information - Aggregated volume n/a - Price Nil e) Date of the transaction 2025-12-10 f) Place of the transaction Outside a trading venue About Victrex: Victrex is an innovative world leader in high performance polymer solutions, focused on the strategic markets of Automotive, Aerospace, Energy & Industrial, Electronics and Medical. Every day, millions of people rely on products or applications which contain our sustainable materials, from smartphones, aeroplanes and cars to energy operations and medical devices. With over 40 years' experience, we are moving beyond the polymer into semi-finished and finished products which shape future performance for our customers and our markets, enable environmental and societal benefit for our customers and drive value for our shareholders. Find out more at www.victrexplc.com This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Victrex plc (VCT) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 6 hours ago Savills 6 hours ago Berkeley Group Holdings (The) 6 hours ago Great Southern Copper 6 hours ago OSB Group 6 hours ago Taylor Wimpey All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and