BETA Close X Victrex PLC announced that Dr. James Routh will become Chief Executive Officer on January 1, 2026, succeeding Jakob Sigurdsson. Sigurdsson will remain on the Board until the Annual General Meeting on February 6, 2026. As previously announced on July 8, 2025, Routh's base salary will be £600,000. He will also participate in bonus and long-term incentive arrangements. His notice period is 12 months, and he is eligible for compensation mirroring forfeited remuneration from his previous role. Further details will be available in the FY 2025 Directors' Remuneration Report. Disclaimer* Victrex PLC 21 October 2025 21 October 2025 Victrex plc CEO succession update Dr James Routh to start as CEO of Victrex on 1 January 2026 Victrex plc, an innovative world leader in high performance polymer solutions, whose products enable environmental and societal benefit in multiple end-markets, today announces that James Routh will join the Company as Chief Executive Officer with effect from 1 January 2026, succeeding Jakob Sigurdsson. He will join the Board as an Executive Director from the same date. Jakob Sigurdsson will continue to serve on the Victrex Board as Chief Executive until James joins, to support an orderly transition, and then as an Executive Director. Jakob will step down from the Board at the conclusion of the Company's Annual General Meeting on 6 February 2026. This announcement follows the CEO succession announcement of 8 July 2025 and is pursuant to UK Listing Rule 6.4.7R. Victrex plc: Andrew Hanson, Director of Investor Relations, Corporate Communications & ESG +44 (0) 7809 595831 Jakob Sigurdsson, Chief Executive +44 (0) 1253 897700 Ian Melling, Chief Financial Officer +44 (0) 1253 897700 Notes: 1/ As stated in the Company's announcement of 8 July 2025, James Routh's base salary will be £600,000. He will participate in the company's bonus and long-term incentive arrangements in accordance with the Company's remuneration policy. His notice period of 12 months is in line with normal Executive director policy. James will also be eligible to receive compensation that, as far as practicable, will mirror the terms of remuneration forfeit in connection with joining Victrex. Further details will be included in the FY 2025 Directors' Remuneration Report. About Victrex: Victrex is an innovative world leader in high performance polymer solutions, focused on the strategic markets of Automotive, Aerospace, Energy & Industrial, Electronics and Medical. Every day, millions of people rely on products or applications which contain our sustainable materials, from smartphones, aeroplanes and cars to oil & gas operations and medical devices. With over 40 years' experience, we are moving beyond the polymer into semi-finished and finished products which shape future performance for our customers and our markets, enable environmental and societal benefit for our customers and drive value for our shareholders. Find out more at www.victrexplc.com This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Victrex plc (VCT) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 39 minutes ago Greggs 40 minutes ago Greggs 1 hour ago Fuller Smith & Turner 1 hour ago CLS Holdings 1 hour ago Rolls-Royce Holdings All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and