BETA Close X Victrex plc announced that incoming Chief Executive Officer, Dr James Routh, voluntarily purchased 4,520 ordinary shares in the company on December 5, 2025, through two transactions at prices of 663.5775p and 666.0734p per share, bringing his total holding to 4,520 shares. Disclaimer* Victrex PLC 05 December 2025 5 December 2025 Victrex plc Share purchase by incoming Director (incoming CEO) Victrex plc (the 'Company') announces that Dr James Routh, who joins Victrex as Chief Executive Officer on 1 January 2026, has notified the Company that he has purchased a total of 4,520 ordinary shares in the Company on 5 December 2025 in two transactions as follows: - 3,026 shares at a price of 663.5775p - 1,494 shares at a price of 666.0734p This share purchase disclosure is made voluntarily as James has not yet assumed the role of director. Following this transaction, Dr James Routh holds 4,520 ordinary shares in the Company. About Victrex: Victrex is an innovative world leader in high performance polymer solutions, focused on the strategic markets of automotive, aerospace, energy & industrial, electronics and medical. Every day, millions of people use products and applications which contain our sustainable materials - from smartphones, aeroplanes and cars to energy production and medical devices. With over 40 years' experience, we develop world leading solutions in PEEK and PAEK based polymers, semi-finished and finished parts which shape future performance for our customers and our markets, enable environmental and societal benefits, and drive value for our shareholders. Find out more at www.victrexplc.com . Victrex plc: Andrew Hanson, Director of Investor Relations, Corporate Communications & ESG +44 (0) 7809 595831 Registered Office: Victrex Technology Centre, Hillhouse International Thornton Cleveleys, Lancashire, FY5 4QD Registered Number: 2793780, England and Wales LEI number: 213800UYNPHAUNHPXL67 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Victrex plc (VCT) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 4 hours ago Greggs 4 hours ago Greggs 5 hours ago Fuller Smith & Turner 5 hours ago CLS Holdings 5 hours ago Rolls-Royce Holdings All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and