SHAPING FUTURE
PERFORMANCE

VICTREX PLC
ANNUAL REPORT 2019

%

Fy

rH

B

Fe

w *A8YMI

ER AIT 12102
COMPANIES HOUSE

ae

An innovative world leader in
high performance polymer solutions

POLYMER & PARTS:

delivering on our strategy

Victrex is an innovative world leader in high performance polymer
solutions, focused on the strategic markets of Automotive, Aerospace,
Energy (including Manufacturing & Engineering), Electronics and Medical.
Every day, millions of people rely on products and applications which
contain our polymers and materials, from smartphones, aeroplanes and
cars to oil and gas operations and medical devices. With over 40 years’
experience, we develop world leading solutions in PEEK and PAEK based
polymers, and selected semi-finished and finished parts which shape
future performance for our customers and markets, and drive value

for our shareholders.

Cyclical weakness offsetting growth markets

FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS

Group sales volume. _, Group revenue £m Underlying profit

tonnes before tax' £m

3,751 -15% 294.0 -10% 106.2 -17%
’

19 3,751 19 294.0 19 106.2

18 4,407 18 326.0 18 127.5

7 3,992 17 290.2 qW7 113.0

16 3,952 16 252.3 16 100.8

5 4,217 15 263.5 15 106.4

Dividend per share p

59.56 -58%

Earnings per share p Cash (available’) £m

107.2 17% 72.8 -50%

19 107.2 19 72.5 0.3 19 59.56
18 128.8 18 2 2 18 $9.56 82.68
7 116.4 7 120.1 17 53.80 68.00
16 96.8 16 64.0 16 46.82
15 98.1 1S 53.8 15 46.82
Cash Regular dividends only
Cash invested in term Special dividend

deposits greater than three
months in duration

OPERATIONAL HIGHLIGHTS

Good growth in Aerospace, Energy & Medical offset by Auto
& Electronics cyclicality
+ FY 2019 Group sales volumes down 15% impacted by Auto,
Electronics & Value Added Resellers
> Run rate stabilising in Q4, with sequential improvement
> Good performance in Medical; revenue +4% with strong growth in Asia
> Underlying PBT' down 17%, with Group PBT down 18%

Further progress to commercialise ‘mega-programme’ pipeline
> First commercial order for Aerospace composite parts; new US facility operational
> New Aerospace Structures mega-programme (long-term development alliance
with Airbus)
> More than ten development programmes for PEEK Gears
> Double-digit revenue growth in next generation PEEK-OPTIMA™ HA Enhanced
Spine product
> PEEK Knee clinical trial underway
Cash generation impacted by Brexit & debottlenecking inventory build
> Operating cash conversion’ of 87%, impacted by stock build; available
cash! of £72.8m,
> Final dividend held at 46.14p/share
> Investments to support 3D printing and moulding technology
> Two-year £15m debottlenecking investment underway, unlocking incremental capacity

1 Alternative performance measures are defined in note 22.

STRATEGIC REPORT

1 Highlights

2 Victrex at a glance

4 Our markets and megatrends
6 = Chairman’s review

8 Our business model

10 Strategy

12. Overview of strategy

14 Stakeholder engagement

16 Strategy and key performance indicators
18 Financial review

22 Chief Commercial Officer's report

25 Risk management

27° Principal risks

30 Going concern and viability statement
32 Sustainability report

4YOd9Y DIDILVULS |

DIRECTORS’ REPORT -

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

47 Introduction from the Chairman.

48 Board of Directors

50 Statement of corporate governance

62 Nominations Committee report

66 Audit Committee report

72 Directors’ remuneration report

93 Directors’ report ~ other statutory
information

97 Statement of Directors’ responsibilities

98 Independent auditors’ report

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
104 Consolidated income statement

104 Consolidated statement
of comprehensive income

105 Balance sheets
106 Cash flow statements
107 Consolidated statement

of changes in equity
108 Company statement of changes in equity
109 Notes to the financial statements

SHAREHOLDER INFORMATION

137 Five-year financial summary

138 Cautionary note regarding
forward-looking statements

139 Notice of Annual General Meeting

144 Explanatory notes

148 Financial calendar and advisors

Visit www.victrexplc.com or scan
with your QR code reader to visit
our Group website

STRATEGIC REPORT

Victrex at a glance

GQ

SHAPING FUTURE PERFORMANCE...

Victrex is headquartered in the UK, with technical and support facilities across
our major geographical markets, giving us global reach for our customers.

900+

employees
globally

Our purpose

We bring transformational

solutions which address the

world’s material challenges
every day.

Victrex plc Annual Report 2019

VY

Co%-6%
of sales invested
in R&D!

An innovative world leader:

building the PEEK/PAEK market

No.1

PEEK experts

Read more online
www.victrexple.com

98%

of revenue from
sales outside
the UK

40+

countries
served

Strong pipeline of medium to
long-term growth opportunities

7

mega-programmes

Our markets and megatrends
Pages 4 and 5

...ACROSS OUR MAJOR MARKETS

Victrex solutions are found across a range of applications.

AEROSPACE

20,000+

aircraft flying with
Victrex solutions

AUTOMOTIVE

500m+

Victrex™ PEEK
applications in cars

ELECTRONICS

Abn+

mobile devices using
APTIV™ film

Note: Source data available on request.

Highly cash-generative
business model

£73m

available cash

A focused and differentiated
strategy: moving downstream

10-20%

aspiration for total sales from
new products in medium term

Our business modei
Pages 8 and 9

Overview of strategy
Pages 12 and 13

1 Alternative performance measures are defined in note 22.

ENERGY

75m+

Victrex™ PEEK seal rings
in use today

MANUFACTURING &
ENGINEERING

100m+

machines using
Victrex solutions

MEDICAL

9m+

implanted devices

Sector leading returns

20%+

return on capital
employed (‘ROCE’)!

Financial review
Pages 18 to 21

Annual Report 2019 Victrex ple

LYOd3y DIDILVULS |

STRATEGIC REPORT

Our markets and megatrends

SIZEABLE GROWTH OPPORTUNITIES

With long-term megatrends in our favour, we have a strong
and diverse mix of growth opportunities across our key markets.

END MARKETS MARKET OPPORTUNITY

2x

current global airline fleet by 2035
Aerospace Source: Airbus.

12g

PEEK/car average increase from current 8g

z Automotive over medium term (Victrex internal aspiration)
=
&
3
3
2
. intelligent systems and devices by 2020
Electronics Source: GfK,
%
30%
Energy increase in demand for global energy by 2040
including Other Industrial Source: IEA.
and Manufacturing & Engineering
Vision to treat a patient with Invibio Solutions every
2
$
3 1 5 2 0 seconds by 2027
— . .
= (Victrex internal aspiration)

Medical

@ Victrex ple Annual Report 2019

MEGATRENDS

CONSEQUENCES

Visit www.victrexplc.com to
see how we are shaping future
performance in our markets

OUR CHALLENGES AND OPPORTUNITIES

Fly lighter

~ Lighter weight and CO, reduction trends
with more efficient manufacturing
using PEEK, PAEK and composites
mean fuel saving ~ a strategic imperative
for the Aerospace industry.

~ Opportunities to support reduction
of OEM backlogs through volume
production/quicker processing.

Weight, cost reduction

and fuel efficiency

> Weight, cost reduction and
improved fuel efficiency are
primary strategic drivers for
the Aerospace industry.

Lightweight metal replacement

 Victrex™ PEEK helps Aerospace
lightweighting via metal replacement
and is key to driving improved fuel
efficiency and reduced emissions.

> Our materials can also provide more
efficient manufacturing.

Fuel efficiency and durability

> Fuel efficiency, CO, reduction, safety
and reliability improvements resulting
from consumer and regulatory
trends. Transition from internal
combustion engines (‘ICE’) to
electric vehicles (‘EVs’).

Emissions reduction

design challenges

> Energy efficiency, comfort,
heat resistance and durability

are primary strategic imperatives
for the Automotive industry.

Lightweight metal replacement

> Victrex™ PEEK enables lightweighting and reliability
via metal replacement and is key to meeting
the complex challenges of next generation
Automotive powertrain technology.

> ABS braking systems, gears and transmission
systems are key application areas. Electric
vehicles ('EVs') offer an emerging opportunity.

Thinner, smaller, smarter

> The need for instant access to
communication and information
on the move is driving trends for
mobile devices.

Energy and thermal

management benefits

~ Increased functionality and
miniaturisation create challenges
for mobile device performance
as well as energy and
thermal management.

High durability, thin film technology
> Victrex materials, such as PEEK resin,
PEEK blends and our APTIV™ acoustic film
technology, create design opportunities by
virtue of their durability in today’s thinner,
‘smaller, smarter mobile devices.

Natural resource depletion

~ Increasing demand for and depletion
of existing resources drive exploration
into uncharted territory.

~ More efficient manufacturing
processes create more data
and connectivity requirements,
in Manufacturing & Engineering.

Extreme environments

> Deeper, hotter, higher pressure and
chemically aggressive wells must
be tapped to reach new reserves,
requiring more durable materials.

~ Evaluation of higher performance
materials in manufacturing,
including in the food industry.

Recover more

~ Reliable and high yield operations are enabled
using VICTREX™ PEEK based solutions in
exploration and production tooling.

> Tailored solutions for industrial markets,
including Victrex™ PEEK FG, a food
grade polymer.

Ageing global population

~> People are living longer and have
a strong desire to maintain their
quality of life in their later years.

Joint replacement
and pain management

~> Extended life expectancy results in
an increasing need to replace worn
out body parts or to alleviate pain
in order to resume normal activities.
Long-term demand for new solutions
in core markets, such as Spine, and
in emerging markets, such as Knee,
Trauma and Dental, remains strong.

High performance solutions

which enable device innovation

> Invibio provides solutions for the Medical
market that can be used in a minimally
disruptive manner, enhancing clinical benefit.
Our solutions are also being developed or
are in early commercialisation for Dental,
Trauma and Knee.

Annual Report 2019 Victrex pic G)
Y

4140d3¥ DIDALVUILS |

STRATEGIC REPORT

Chairman's review

SHORT-TERM CHALLENGES,
LONG-TERM OPPORTUNITIES

Larry Pentz
Chairman

2019 was a more challenging year for the Group, principally
reflecting the slowdown in global Automotive and Electronics
markets, but with our Polymer & Parts strategy and a focus on
growth markets, long-term opportunities remain strong. Our
strategy involves differentiating against our competitors through
being focused on existing and new applications in the PEEK and
PAEK polymer space, through developing new polymer grades and
product forms, including composites, and through building new
markets in ‘parts’ alongside our core polymer offering,

As a sustainable business bringing transformational solutions which
address the world’s material challenges, Victrex works across its
markets and with customers to deliver solutions and performance
benefits against incumbent materials, typically metal. With over 900
employees, we focus solely on the high performance PEEK & PAEK
polymer segment, where long-term megatrends such as lightweighting,
CO, reduction and more efficient manufacturing support the use of
‘our materials. As the no.1 PEEK experts, Victrex is pioneering the
market for the use of PEEK & PAEK polymers.

Whilst our current sales are still largely derived from core
polymer materials or product forms, Victrex's differentiated offering
to customers is built on much more than just having the capacity to
manufacture polymers. Our technical service, application development
capability, regulatory support, Research & Development and innovation
credentials are key strengths which have served us well, and will continue
to do so. Moving downstream into new and selected semi-finished
and finished products (‘parts’) will enable Victrex to capture a higher
value share from each application and deliver continued strong
returns for our shareholders.

Growth pipeline

With a strong track record of developing new applications for
PEEK and PAEK polymers, together with our ‘mega-programmes’
for our newer ‘parts’ programmes, our growth pipeline across
Polymer & Parts remains healthy. Each of our mega-programmes
offers the potential for over £50m of annual revenue in their peak
sales year. Driving full market adoption can take time for what
represent ‘disruptive’ technologies in many cases, particularly
against long-standing metal-based or existing polymer technologies.

Whilst we saw short-term challenges in our core polymer business,
2019 saw continued progress in the early commercialisation of
several mega-programmes, with new milestones delivered.

Our PEEK Gears mega-programme offers several performance
benefits against metal gears. We now have over ten development
programmes in place, as we seek to increase commercialisation
of this opportunity. Our TxV Aero Composites facility became
‘operational during the year and we have now supplied the first

G

i i
(6) _ Victrex ple Annual Report 2019

composite parts, gaining revenue from major Aerospace customers.
In Medical, whilst we saw slower take-up for our Dental programme,
a more stable Spine market helped us to deliver strong growth in
‘our next generation PEEK-OPTIMA™ HA Enhanced product. We also
saw our PEEK Knee programme commence a clinical trial, as we seek
to capture opportunity in a market where demand for alternatives
is growing

Results

Like many global companies with industrial market exposure,

Victrex was impacted by a slowdown in Automotive and Electronics
markets, although we continued to see growth in Aerospace and
Energy, whilst Medical continued the improvement trend from

FY 2018. Group revenue of £294.0m was 10% down on the prior
year (FY 2018: £326.0m). Underlying Group profit before tax (‘PBT’)
of £106.2m (FY 2018: £127.5m) was down 17%, with reported
Group PBT of £104.7m (FY 2018: £127.5m) down 18%. Earnings
per share of 107.2p (FY 2018: 128.8p) was down 17%.

Investment for growth

Innovation and technical excellence remain key differentiators

for Victrex, with R&D expenditure of £18.0m (FY 2018: £17.4m)
representing approximately 6% of Group revenue. Much of this
investment is in development activity, helping to create new applications
which use our PEEK polymers. M&A and partnerships remain key
options for Victrex in supporting our growth programmes and we
have the opportunity to develop assets or capability ourselves, or buy
in this capability as we have done with Kleiss Gears, our TxV Aero
Composites investment and the acquisition of Zyex.

During the year we invested in Surface Generation and Bond 3D -
companies which provide us with enhanced capability for product
moulding and 3D printing, as part of our growth pipeline. These
investments totalled £11.8m.

Capital expenditure was £22.7m (FY 2018: £9.9m), which reflects
investment in our Gears production facility, and our TxV Aero Composites
facility. Whilst additional polymer production capacity will be required
in the coming years, the weaker trading environment has pushed out
the need for larger scale organic investment, enabling us to invest
during FY 2020 and FY 2021 to debottleneck our existing assets and
increase the effective production capacity. We believe this is a smart
and efficient use of capital. Options for future capacity, both organic
and inorganic, remain in focus

As a Sustainable business, Victrex
works across its markets and with
customers to deliver solutions and
performance benefits.

Cash-generative business model

Victrex retains a highly cash-generative business model, supporting
investment for growth and appropriate returns to shareholders.
With weaker trading and cash conversion, higher inventories to
support Brexit and debottlenecking contingency and higher capital
expenditure, the Group's closing cash balance (including cash held
on deposit) reached £72.8m this year (FY 2018: £144.4m), with

no debt. Operating cash conversion! was 87% (FY 2018: 107%).

Dividends

The Board’s capital allocation policy focuses on growth investment
- whether organic or through M&A - first, whilst supporting

a regular dividend and the potential of incremental returns for
shareholders via a special dividend. This will retain our flexibility to
invest in downstream manufacturing and polymer capacity expansion.
Our intention will be to grow the regular dividend in line with EPS,
whilst also offering the opportunity of a special dividend where
possible, subject to a minimum of SOp/share. We believe this policy
offers good medium-term opportunities for shareholder returns,
whilst keeping the primary focus on growth investment.

Our regular dividend seeks to maintain cover at or around 2x. Whilst
earnings per share was down 17%, the Group is proposing to keep
the final dividend flat, paying a final dividend of 46.14p per share
(FY 2018: 46.14p), taking total regular dividends for the year to
59.56p (FY 2018: 59.56p). Dividend cover' is at 1.8x (FY 2018: 2.2x).

Financial review
Pages 18 to 21

Governance and the Board

Our Baard blends complementary skills and experience to shape our
future performance. Our female representation on the Board at the
end of FY 2019 was 30%. During the year, Tim Cooper, executive
Director, signalled his intention to retire in 2020, after ten years with
Victrex. Tim stepped down from the Board in September 2019 and

| would like to thank him for his service and strong contribution to
Victrex. Pamela Kirby, Senior Independent Director, also announced
her intention not to seek re-election at the 2020 AGM. | would like
to thank Pamela for her diligence and insight since 2011. Whilst my
role as Chair has exceeded the recommended nine years under

the Code, the oversight required since 2017 for the CEO and CFO
transitions, non-executive appointments and forthcoming search for
a new Senior Independent Director means that ongoing stability
and continuity have been key, and will continue to be so until a new
Senior Independent Director is fully embedded in the role, to ensure
effective succession planning. The new Senior Independent Director,
once fully embedded in the role, will in due course turn to the
search process for a new Chair.

Below Board level, we have a strong focus on diversity and inclusion
During the year the executive Directors have managed the business
with support from two senior managers, both of whom are female.

Corporate governance
Pages 47 to 102

A broader Victrex Management Team was established for FY 2020
and we will report in more detail next year about its members and
how it operates.

Safety

Victrex recorded no lost time accidents or employee reportable incidents,
‘a measure of our safety practices, but did record one environmentally
Notifiable event. Away from our manufacturing operations, we have an
unwavering safety focus across our global teams, which continue to drive
the market opportunities for our polymers, whether at commercial,
marketing, technical or support services level.

1YOd3¥ DIDZLVULS |

Sustainability

Victrex continued to make progress against its 2023 Vision (timed
to celebrate the 30th anniversary of Victrex’s formation), although
we anticipate some revisions to our targets during FY 2020 to reflect
the increasing diversity of our business and to align with the UN's
Sustainable Development Goals. The lightweighting and environmental
and recycling credentials of our materials continue to be recognised
in the FTSE Russell Green Revenues Index, a global measure of
companies with sustainable products which can help reduce carbon
emissions, and we improved our score to B- in the Carbon Disclosure
Project, above the average for global chemical companies. Further
detail can be found in the Sustainability report on pages 32 to 45.

People & stakeholders

In amore challenging trading environment, it is imperative that our
people remain focused on our long-term opportunities and delivery
of our Polymer & Parts strategy. On behalf of the Board | would like to
thank each and every one of Victrex’s employees for their continued
contribution. We have an active stakeholder engagement programme,
both internally with our employees and externally in the communities
where we operate, including supporting subjects to help those
considering careers built on science and innovation. 31 apprentices
are currently with us, demonstrating our support and commitment
for the next generation of employees. Our training investment

has also yielded good results, supporting many of our employees

in gaining awards and additional qualifications.

We are also focused on diversity and inclusion through our Gender
Pay and Group Diversity & Equal Opportunities Policy, details of
which can be found on pages 43 and 44 of the Sustainability report.

Our stakeholder engagement programme can be found on pages
14 and 15.

Outlook

Looking forward, Automotive and Electronics are showing

signs of stability, although we will retain some caution on these
markets at this early stage, with an initial assumption that current
trends will continue through the first half year. Our cost-effective
debottlenecking project is underway, enabling Victrex to gain
significant incremental capacity in support of our medium-term
growth programmes, although an extended shutdown will mean
some under-recovered overheads. On a full year basis, currency
offers a modest tailwind although this will be offset to a large
degree by some limited incremental operating investment, cost
inflation and our employee bonus scheme. Overall, we remain
focused on making year on year progress and our Polymer & Parts
strategy keeps us well placed to deliver our medium to long-term

growth opportunities. 0

1. Alternative performance measures are defined in note 22.

Larry Pentz
Chairman
5 December 2019

Annual Report 2019 Victrex ple (7)
Ww

STRATEGIC REPORT

Our business model

Who we are OBJECTIVE

An innovative world leader in high
performance polymer solutions,

Focus on the

focused on the strategic markets megatrends
of Automotive, Aerospace, Energy

(including Manufacturing &

Engineering), Electronics and Medical

Every day, millions of people use

products and applications which contain

our materials - from smartphones,

aeroplanes and cars to oil and gas

operations and medical devices.

‘We employ a rigorous Strategic Market Assessment process to identify
those markets with characteristics that support the opportunity for
significant growth in the adoption of PEEK. Those megatrends can be
environmental, economic, demographic or commercial and are set out
‘on pages 4 and 5. The process then identifies specific sub-sectors where
PEEK’s unique characteristics will be valued, where there is an opportunity
for both the customer and Victrex to enhance their respective shareholder
value and where there is the potential for annual revenues of at least
£50m to be earned. These are the mega-programmes.

We primarily develop solutions that allow PEEK to replace metal
When developed into an application, PEEK can offer benefits of lighter
weight, heat and chemical resistance and the ability to be processed

much more easily and quickly than metal or thermaset plastics. When used
in the human body, PEEK has similar attributes to bone, making it highly
suitable for a range of medical applications. When used in vehicles, PEEK
‘can achieve the lightweight, vibration and heat characteristics needed

for the future development of electric vehicles. Our approach is therefore
to build new markets by creating differentiated applications and products,
then demonstrate the ‘burden of proof’ using prototyping, clinical studies
and key opinion leaders.

We have a unique PEEK manufacturing process, which is different to
that of our competitors, and the ability to manufacture differentiated
grades, product forms and parts ‘Type 1’ PEEK). We then support our
customers with an extensive Sales and Technical Support team, which

is unique in being solely focused on PEEK. This service is vital to our
customers’ long-term plans for using PEEK, both in existing applications
and in the mega-programmes. We invest approximately 5%-6% of sales
in global R&D, supporting our ability to partner with customers.

All of our 900+ employees are solely focused on developing further
opportunities for PEEK. This differentiates us from our competition who
typically offer a range of materials with a broad range of value propositions.
Innovation is at the heart of our culture with approximately 5%-6%

of sales invested in R&D and other functions organised to provide the
maximum support to customer programmes. All employees are rewarded
with a profit growth driven bonus scheme, and share options are used
extensively. We also invest in training, supporting employees to gain additional
awards and qualifications. We value our social responsibilty, supporting many
ood causes and the local communities in which we operate, focusing on
the ‘next generation’ of Victrex employees, in line with our sustainability targets.

Drive PEEK
adoption
Manufacturing
differentiation,
global sales
support and
technical
excellence
. Focused

Shaping future performance employees

PEEK polymers offer sustainable

performance benefits across a broad

range of customers and markets. To

support growth, new differentiated

applications and products are

developed both through Research

& Development (‘R&D’), and teams

focused on market opportunities

where PEEK can provide a clear

performance benefit. Beyond Capital and

demanding technical requirements, cost focus

many applications are subject to
rigorous qualification processes.

Key to strategy

Drive core business

Victrex has invested ahead of demand with over £150m invested during
the last five years in existing capacity and to support Polymer & Parts
manufacture. This allows us to be able to commit to significant customer
programmes as they arise. Whilst we will continue to do this, we would
expect our utilisation of effective capacity to increase over time.
Together with a steadily increasing focus on cost efficiency throughout
the business, improving our operating leverage allows us to sustain our
return on capital in the medium term.

Sustainable

Differentiate through .
business

innovation

Create and deliver
future value

Underpin through
safety, sustainability
and capability

PEEK’s unique characteristics noted above offer benefits of lightweighting,
processability and recyclability that are particularly suitable to help
customers meet the environmental and regulatory requirements of
future transport and other markets. In Medical, PEEK applications will
have greater durability than metal, leading to enhanced patient welfare.
Together with our expected achievement of carbon neutral status

in the coming years, we are confident in Victrex’s future as a
sustainable business.

Victrex ple Annual Report 2019

WHY THIS IS IMPORTANT

HOW WE DIFFERENTIATE TO ACHIEVE SUCCESS

OUTCOMES:

> Supportive megatrends offer the
‘opportunity to align with long-term
global growth areas and create value
for all our stakeholders

~ Targeting the right end markets enables
us to develop a clear value proposition
for PEEK

> We target segments which offer above
average market growth opportunities

> Identifying PEEK’s value proposition helps
us deliver a performance benefit and
provide a competitive advantage

> Alignment with megatrends and developing
selected products and applications which
can support them offers sustainable
revenue opportunities across our markets

> Rigorous and focused growth pipeline

~ PEEK competes on performance, with
its unique combination of properties
offering advantages over metal and
other materials

~ Our customers require validation
in critical appli