TUL

27/02/2019 #310
COMPANIES HOUSE :

Al

*A7Z7PI3F*
A08 13/02/2019 #342
COMPANIES HOUSE

Victrex plc Annual Report 2018

An innovative world
leader in high performance
polymer solutions

Registered number 2793780

Polymer & Parts:
delivering on
our strategy

Victrex is an innovative world leader in high performance
polymer solutions, focused on the strategic markets of
Automotive, Aerospace, Energy (including Manufacturing
& Engineering), Electronics and Medical. Every day, millions
of people rely on products and applications which contain
our polymers and materials, from smartphones, aeroplanes
and cars to oil and gas operations and medical devices.
With over 40 years’ experience, we develop world leading
solutions in PEEK and PAEK based polymers, selected
semi-finished and finished parts which shape future
performance for our customers and markets, and drive
value for our shareholders.

Core growth & mega-programme progress

Group sales volume tonnes

4,407 +10%

Group revenue £m

326.0 «12%

Group profit before tax £m

127.5 +15%

2018 4,407 2018 326.0] 2018 W275
2017 3,992 2017 290.2 2017 111.0
2016 3,952 2016 252.3 2016 100.3

2015 4,217 2015 263.5] 2015 106.4

2014 3,551 2014 252.6 2014 102.7
Earnings per share p Cash (available®) £m Dividend per share p
128.8 1% 144.4 420% 142.24 s7%
2018 128.8 2018 148.4 2018 59.56 82.68
2017 116.4 2017 120.1] 2017 53.80] 68.00
2016 96.8 2016 2ore[ 46.82

2015 98.1 2015 2015 [46.82

2014 94.6 2014 2o4[ 45.15] 50.00

Regular dividends only) Special dividend

Strong core business' growth

* Group sales volumes up 10% driven by core growth & mega-programme progress
‘+ Group revenue up 12%; constant currency revenue? up 7%

* Strong performances across Industrial markets; Medical revenue up 3%

+ Profit before tax (‘PBT’) up 15%, supported by currency

Further progress in ‘mega-programmes’
+ Major Dental supply agreement with Straumann and new Trauma collaboration
«PEEK Gears now ‘on the road’ & further larger opportunities

+ Strong performance in Magma following planned deployments
& further opportunities

+ TV Aero Composites facility in commissioning; new Aerospace alliances
under discussion

+ Clinical trial submitted for PEEK Knee programme

Continued strong cash generation, supporting investment
& shareholder return .

+ Operating cash conversion? of 107% giving cash available? up 20% to £144.41
+ Regular dividend up 11% to 59.56p/share and special dividend of 82.68p/share

+ Dividend distribution policy retained, balancing investment flexibility
& shareholder return

1 Core business, core growth, etc. excludes Consumer Electronics and sales
from mega-programmes,

2 Alternative performance measures are defined on page 14,

Strategic report

01 Highlights

02 Victrex at a glance

04 Chairman's review

06 Our business model

08 Our markets and megatrends
10 Introduction to strategy

12 Ourstrategy and key
performance indicators

14° Financial review

18 Performance review/
Executive Directors’ reports

21. Risk management

23. Principal risks

26 Going concern and viability statement

28 Sustainability report

Directors’ report —
Corporate governance

41. Introduction from the Chairman
42 Board of Directors

44 Statement of corporate governance
55. Directors’ remuneration report

69 Directors’ report - other statutory
information

73 Statement of Directors’ responsibilities
74 Independent auditors’ report

Financial statements
80 Consolidated income statement

80 Consolidated statement
of comprehensive income

81 Balance sheets
82 Cash flow statements

83 Consolidated statement
of changes in equity
84 Company statement
of changes in equity
85 Notes to the financial statements

Shareholder information
108 Five-year financial summary

109 Cautionary note regarding
forward-looking statements

110 Notice of Annual General Meeting
114 Explanatory notes
120 Financial calendar and advisors

Visit www.victrexple.com or scan
with your QR code reader to visit
our Group website

Strategic report

Victrex at a glance

Shaping future performance...

Victrex is headquartered in the UK, with technical and support facilities across
our major geographical markets, giving us global reach for our customers.

900+

employees
globally

40+

countries
served

%
98%
of revenue
from sales

outside the UK

%

5%
of sales invested
in R&D

Our key
strengths

With over 40 years’ experience,
we have global reach, inherent
innovation, manufacturing
and technical excellence
and a diverse mix of
growing markets.

02 __Victrex ple Annual Report 2018

An innovative world leader:
building the PEEK/PAEK market

No.1

PEEK experts

Oo

Read more online
wwwa.victrexplc.com

Strong pipeline of medium to
long-term growth opportunities

6

mega-programmes

©)
Our markets and megatrends
Pages 08 and 09

...across Our major markets

Victrex solutions are found across a range of applications.

AEROSPACE

20,000+

aircraft flying with
Victrex solutions

ENERGY

75m+

Victrex™ PEEK seal rings
in use today

Note: source data available on request.

AUTOMOTIVE

500m+

Victrex™ PEEK
applications in cars

MANUFACTURING & ENGINEERING

100m+

machines using
Victrex solutions

ELECTRONICS

Abn+

mobile devices using
APTIV™ film

MEDICAL

9m+

implanted devices

A focused and differentiated
strategy: moving downstream

10-20%

aspiration for sales from new
products in medium term

Oo

introduction to strategy
Pages 10 and 11

Highly cash-generative
business model

£144m

available cash

O

Our business model
Pages 06 and 07

Sector leading returns

20%+

Return on capital
employed (‘ROCE’)

QO

Financial review
Pages 14 to 17

Annual Report 2018 Victrex ple

03

oda 16aens |

Strategic report

Chairman’s review

Larry Pentz
Chairman

The right
strategy

With our Polymer & Parts strategy
continuing to show progress, we remain
focused on commercialising our new
semi-finished and finished products,
and driving growth in our core polymer
business. As an innovative and
differentiated business, we remain

well placed to deliver the significant
growth opportunities that lie ahead.

04 Victrex plc Annual Report 2018

Strategy and differentiation

Victrex is focused on growth markets and having an offering

across Polymer & Parts will help us to capture the significant growth
‘opportunities that lie ahead. Our strategy involves differentiating
against our competitors through being focused on existing and new
applications in the PEEK & PAEK polymer space, through developing
new grades and product forms, including composites, and through
building new markets alongside our core polymer offering.

In summary, Victrex is operating as a solutions company, working
across its markets and with customers to deliver solutions and
performance benefits against incumbent materials, typically metal.
With over 900 employees, we focus solely on the high performance
PEEK & PAEK polymer segment, where long-term megatrends such
as lightweighting, CO, reduction and more efficient manufacturing
support the use of our materials. As the no. 1 PEEK experts, Victrex is
pioneering the market for the use of PEEK & PAEK polymers.

Our core polymer business continues to perform well in a competitive
market. Whilst our current sales are still !argely derived from core
polymer materials, Victrex’s differentiated offering to customers is
built on much more than just having the capacity to manufacture
polymers. Our technical service, application development capability,
regulatory support, Research & Development and innovation
credentials are key strengths which have served us well, and will
continue to do so.

Moving downstream into new and selected semi-finished and
finished products (‘parts’) shows Victrex can further differentiate
and build new markets. We will operate as a genuine solutions
provider for our customers, capturing a higher value share from
each application and delivering continued strong returns for

our shareholders.

Delivering our growth pipeline

Our growth pipeline includes our core application developments
and our ‘mega-programmes’, with each mega-programme offering
the potential for over £50m of annual revenue in its peak sales year.
Driving full market adoption can take time for what represent
‘disruptive’ technologies in many cases, particularly against
long-standing metal-based or existing polymer technologies

2018 saw further progress in the early commercialisation of several
mega-programmes. In Dental, we signed a major customer agreement
with Straumann, one of the world’s largest Dental companies, whilst
in Automotive, our Gears mega-programme saw the first PEEK
Gears used to replace metal in a European car. We also secured
further offshore deployments for our Magma oil & gas flexible pipe
application, as well as the potential from a long-term opportunity

in offshore Brazil.

Investment to support the ‘burden of proof’ for our customers
and new product pipeline continues. We are commissioning the US
manufacturing facility for our TxV Aero Composites joint venture
and also signalled the potential requirement to invest in additional
polymer production capacity within our five-year strategic planning
‘timeframe, reflecting that core volume momentum remains positive.

Results

2018 further validated our Polymer & Parts offering and | am
pleased to report another strong year for Victrex. The majority
of our markets performed well, demonstrating the value of a
balanced portfolio, with notably strong performances in
Automotive, Electronics and Energy.

Group revenue of £326.0m was 12% up on the prior year
(2017: £290.2m), including the benefit from currency. Group

profit before tax of £127.5m (2017: £111.0m) was up 15%,

a good performance which also reflects increased investment in the
‘front-end’ commercial, technical and marketing functions, alongside
incremental accrual for the Group's all-employee bonus scheme,
which is linked to profit growth. Earnings per share of 128.8p
(2017: 116.4p) was up 11%, which also reflects the first full-year
benefit of a lower tax rate as part of Victrex filing patents for our
unique chemistry and IP which qualify for the UK government's
‘Patent Box’ legislation. Patent Box encourages Research &
Development investment within the UK.

Cost efficiency to support investment for growth
With an emerging proportion of our manufacturing being in

the downstream ‘parts’ area, we will continue to ensure our core
polymer production operations are fit for purpose in a competitive
market. We will also focus on transitioning appropriate resources from
primary manufacturing (core polymer) into secondary manufacturing
(manufacturing of parts) to support our downstream journey.

Investment to support our future growth remains a priority for
Victrex. Capital expenditure was £9.9m (2017: £16.7m). With the
potential for additional polymer production capacity in the coming
years, we anticipate the potential for capital expenditure to slightly
increase on a medium-term view.

Innovation and technical excellence remain key differentiators
for Victrex, with R&D expenditure of £17.4m (2017: £14.5m)
representing approximately 5% of Group revenue. M&A and
partnerships remain key options for Victrex in supporting our
growth programmes. Our strategy of ‘Make versus Buy’ offers
us the opportunity to develop assets or capability ourselves,

or buy in this capability as we have done with Kleiss Gears, our
TxV Aero Composites joint venture and the acquisition of Zyex.

Cash-generative business model

Victrex retains a highly cash-generative business model,
supporting investment for growth and appropriate returns to
shareholders. The Group's closing cash balance (including cash
held on deposit) reached £144.4m this year (2017: £120.1m), with
no debt. Operating cash conversion was 107% (2017: 124%).

Dividends

The Board's capital allocation policy focuses on growth investment
—whether organic or through M&A - first, whilst supporting a regular
dividend and the potential of incremental returns for shareholders
via a special dividend. The Board has reflected on our dividend
distribution policy during the year and proposes to retain the
current policy. This will retain our flexibility to invest in downstream
investment and polymer capacity expansion. Our intention will be
to grow the regular dividend in line with EPS, whilst also offering the
‘opportunity of a special dividend where possible, subject to a minimum
of SOp/share. We believe this policy offers good opportunities for
shareholder returns, whilst keeping the primary focus on investment.

With continued strong cash generation this year, the Board is proposing
a special dividend of 82.68p. Our regular dividend seeks to maintain
cover at or around 2x. With earnings per share up 11%, the Group is
proposing to pay a final dividend of 46.14p per share (2017: 41.60p),
taking total dividends for the year to 59.56p (2017: 53.80p), an
increase of 11%. Dividend cover is at 2.2x (2017: 2.2x).

Governance and the Board

Our Board blends complementary skills and experience to shape our
future performance. Our current female representation on the Board
is 30%, consistent with the recommended minimum representation.

Richard Armitage joined the Board in May 2018 as Group Finance
Director, replacing Louisa Burdett. We also saw David Thomas join
the Board in May as a non-executive Director and Chair of the Audit
Committee, replacing Andrew Dougal. Following the retirement

of Patrick De Smeat, Janet Ashdown joined the Board as Chair of
the Remuneration Committee, with Brendan Connolly also joining
the Board as a non-executive Director. Detailed biographies of
Board members are shown on pages 42 and 43 and | believe these
appointments uphold our strong corporate governance as well as
supporting us in delivery of our strategy over the coming years.

(5) Corporate governance
\& Pages 41 to 78

Safety

Victrex recorded no lost time accidents or employee reportable
incidents, a measure of our safety practices. We also secured the
Royal Society for the Prevention of Accidents (‘RoSPA’) Gold award
for the 21st consecutive year. Away from our manufacturing operations,
we have an unwavering safety focus across our global teams, who
continue to drive the market opportunities for our polymers, whether
at commercial, marketing, technical or support services level.

Sustainability

Victrex has continued to make progress against its 2023 Vision
(timed to celebrate the 30th anniversary of Victrex’s formation),
although we will continue to monitor the practicality of several
targets. This year Victrex was recognised in the FTSE Russell Green
Revenues Index, a global measure of companies with products
which can help reduce carbon emissions. Further detail can be
found in the Sustainability report on pages 28 to 39.

(3) Sustainability report
\Z) Pages 28 to 39

People & stakeholders

This has been another good year for Victrex, which has also benefited
our key stakeholders as shown on pages 6 and 7. On behalf of the
Board | would like to thank each and every one of Victrex’s employees
for their continued contribution as we progress forward with our
Polymer & Parts offering. For our stakeholders, we have created over
100 new employee roles this year, we have provided genuine performance
benefits for our customers, and we have delivered continued strong
returns for our shareholders. We are also focused on diversity through
our Gender Pay and Global People Framework:activities, details of
which can be found on page 37 of the Sustainability report.

Outlook

For 2019, our expectation is for continued momentum in our core
polymer business and milestones in our mega-programmes. We
expect to make good progress on a constant currency basis; however,
adverse currency, no expected volumes in Consumer Electronics and
recent market softness in Automotive may hold back our ability to
substantially improve on our overall 2018 performance, with these
headwinds falling mainly in the first half. A better second half,
compared to the prior year, is our current assessment and, with strong
structural growth opportunities and a healthy new product pipeline,

we continue to be well placed for the megium and long term.
Larry Pentz
Chairman

4 December 2018

Annual Report 2018 Vietrex ple 05

Hoda 26arens |

Strategic report

Our business model

=

. DRIVE CORE BUSINESS
+ PEEK and PAEK polymers
+ Core applications

+ No.1 upstream
manufacturing capacity
of 7,150 tonnes
(nameplate capacity)

+ Cost efficiency

+ Quality

2. DIFFERENTIATE
THROUGH
INNOVATION

+ Core application
development pipeline

+ Invent and develop
new grades

+ Increase differentiation

Polymer

3. CREATE & DELIVER...

+ Selected product forms
(semi-finished)

+ Downstream manufacturing
+ Pipes, film and composites

DELIVERING THE

Engaging with and
creating value for
our stakeholders

Victrex’s business model seeks to
create value for our diverse range
of stakeholders. Through ongoing
engagement, we are able to
understand what they expect
from us:

06 ——_Victrex plc Annual Report 2018

EMPLOYEES

100+

New roles created in 2018

Through driving our core business,
differentiating through innovation and
creating & delivering future value, we offer
sustainable career opportunities for our
global employees. This year we created
‘over 100 new roles, we engaged through
quarterly staff briefings, employee forums
and other communication channels, and
we saw an improvement to our employee
engagement score.

GB) Sustainability report
\ Pages 28 to 39

CUSTOMERS

50%

Lower noise vibration from PEEK Gears

We engage with our customers as a solutions
provider, offering performance benefits,
whether that be lightweighting, manufacturing
time saving or other factors. Differentiating
through innovation and creating & delivering
future value mean we are offering leading-edge
products and solutions. An example in 2018
is our PEEK Gears, which may reduce weight
and noise vibration in cars, and speed up
manufacturing time.

>) Performance review
2’ Pages 18 to 20

& Parts

++-FUTURE VALUE

+ Selected parts
(semi-finished and finished)

+ Downstream manufacturing
+ Deliver mega-programmes'
+ Polymer to parts

‘BURDEN OF PROOF’

AEROSPACE
AUTOMOTIVE
MEDICAL
ENERGY
ELECTRONICS
4. UNDERPIN MANUFACTURING
+ Safe and sustainable business & ENGINEERING

+» Future capacity solutions
+ Talent strategy

1 Pipeline programmes offering >£50m annual revenue potential in peak sales year.

Hoda: Bayes |

SUPPLIERS

Signatory of UK
prompt payment code

Through all elements of our business model,
Victrex engages with suppliers, providing
‘them with growth opportunities through the
market pull for PEEK and PAEK materials
We are a signatory to the UK Prompt
Payment Code which ensures we engage
with and pay our suppliers in a fair manner.

We also engage through partnerships,
including with academia, scientific and
medical bodies.

COMMUNITIES

3,461

‘Cumulative hours spent in the
community since 2015
(target 10,000 hours by 2023)

As part of our Sustainability strategy and 2023,
targets, Victrex has clear targets including
Social Responsibility (Communities). We seek
to engage with the communities where we
operate, through partnerships or through
supporting education programmes, particularly
those linked to Science and Maths. Our
employees also spend a proportion of their
time working with local communities.

G) Sustainability report
Pages 28 to 39

INVESTORS

11%

Earnings per share growth in 2018

By further differentiating our business through
Polymer & Parts, we seek to deliver further
growth and continued strong returns for
shareholders. We seek to engage in two-way
dialogue, enabling investors to make informed
decisions. We have a full, transparent and
active investor engagement programme,
through Capital Markets Days, investor
conferences, roadshows, results, trading
updates, site visits and management meetings.

>) Corporate governance report
\2’ Pages 41 to 78

Annual Report 2018 Victrex ple 07

Strategic report

Our markets and megatrends

Sizeable growth opportunities

With long-term megatrends in our favour, we have a strong
and diverse mix of growth opportunities across our key markets.

MARKETS MARKET OPPORTUNITY

2x

Aerospace current global airline fleet
by 2035

(Source: Composite World.)

| 129
Auto m otive PEEK/car average

(increase from current 8g)
over medium term

INDUSTRIAL

25 sien

Electronics intelgent systems
and devices by 2020
(Source: Gtk.)

Energy 3 @) %

including Other Industrial
and Manufacturing
& Engineering

increase in demand for
global energy by 2040
(Source: IEA.)

Vision to treat a patient with
Invibio Solutions every

Medical
eae 15-20 =z,

MEDICAL

08 Victrex ple Annual Report 2018

Visit www.victrexplc.com to
see how we are shaping future
performance in our markets

MEGATRENDS

CONSEQUENCES

Fly lighter

Lighter weight and more efficient
manufacturing using PEEK, PAEK
and composites means fuel saving
~a strategic imperative for the
Aerospace industry.

Opportunities to support reduction
of OEM backlogs through volume
production/quicker processing.

Weight, cost reduction
and fuel efficiency

Weight, cost reduction and improved
fuel efficiency are primary strategic
drivers for the Aerospace industry.

yoda: Bens |

OUR CHALLENGES AND OPPORTUNITIES

Lightweight metal replacement
Victrex™ PEEK helps Aerospace
lightweighting via metal replacement

and is key to driving improved fuel
efficiency and reduced emissions.

Our materials can also provide more
efficient manufacturing.

Fuel efficiency and durability
Fuel efficiency, safety and reliability
improvements resulting from

consumer and regulatory trends.
Transition from internal combustion
engines (‘ICE’) to electric vehicles (‘EVs’).

Thinner, smaller, smarter

The need for instant access to
communication and information
‘on the move is driving trends
for mobile devices.

Natural resource depletion
Increasing demand for and depletion
of existing resources drive exploration
into uncharted territory.

The ‘internet of things’ creates more
data and connectivity requirements
in Manufacturing & Engineering.

Emissions reduction
design challenges

Energy efficiency and durability
are primary strategic imperatives
for the Automotive industry.

Lightweight metal replacement
Victrex™ PEEK enables lightweighting

and reliability via metal replacement and

is key to meeting the complex challenges
of next-generation Automotive

powertrain technology.

ABS braking systems, gears and transmission
systems are key application areas. Electric
vehicles (‘EVs’) offer an emerging opportunity.

Energy and thermal
management challenges

Increased functionality and miniaturisation
create challenges for mobile device
performance as well as energy and
thermal management.

Extreme environments

Deeper, hotter, higher pressure and
chemically aggressive wells must
be tapped to reach new reserves,
requiring more durable materials.

Evaluation of higher performance
materials in manufacturing, including
in the food industry.

High durability,

thin film technology

Victrex materials, such as PEEK resin,

PEEK blends and our APTIV™ acoustic film
technology, create design opportunities by
virtue of their durability in today’s thinner,
smaller, smarter mobile devices.

Recover more

Reliable and high yield operations are
enabled using VICTREX™ PEEK based solutions
in exploration and production tooling.
Tailored solutions for industrial markets,
including Victrex™ PEEK FG, a food

grade polymer.

Ageing global population
People are living longer and have
a strong desire to maintain their
quality of life in their later years.

Joint replacement
and pain management

Extended life expectancy results in an
increasing need to replace worn out body
parts or to alleviate pain in order to resume
normal activities. Long-term demand for
new solutions in core markets, such as
Spine, and in emerging markets, such as
Knee, Trauma and Dental, remains strong.

High performance solutions
which enable device innovation

Invibio provides solutions for the Medical
market that can be used in a minimally
disruptive manner, enhancing clinical
benefit. Our solutions are also being
developed or are in early commercialisatios
for Dental, Trauma and Knee. .

Annual Report 2018 Victrex plc 09

Strategic report

Introduction to strategy

Jakob Sigurdsson
Chief Executive Officer

Polymer & Parts

- driving future
growth

66

With over 900 people waking up every
day focused on making a difference to our
customers and our markets, we continue
to be the no.1 PEEK experts.

Strategy timeline

Qi 2018

Strong start to the year, Group volumes +30%

Dear shareholder,

After my first full year as Chief Executive, it is clear that we have
the right strategy to help drive our future growth and capture the
significant opportunities that exist across our markets.

Polymer & Parts seeks to capture increased value from each
application opportunity, for example not only by supplying polymer,
but by developing selected product forms and parts which can offer
a total solution to our customers.

Our core polymer business continues to be and will remain integral
to Victrex in the future, but our emerging parts business offers
significant opportunities to deliver the ‘unmet need’ in specific
applications, typically where no supply chain or capability exists,
but where there is an opportunity to solve a problem for our
customers and our markets.

With over 900 people waking up every day focused on making
a difference to our customers and our markets, we continue to be
the no.1 PEEK experts, My challenge is how we can drive forward

our strategy, helping to accelerate it where possible or considering
new ways to execute it.

Di g our core business

Following on from a strong 2017, our core business performed well
again this year. We continue to gain specification of our product
with end users, as well as helping develop incremental products or
applications to deliver solutions and performance benefits for our
customers. Sales volumes increased by 10% and we signalled the
potential requirement of additional production capacity within the
next few years if our growth momentum continues. This reflects not
only strong core growth but also the future opportunities from our
mega-programmes ~ our sizeable new product pipeline.

Cost efficiency remains a key focus area for Victrex, ensuring that we
remain cost competitive in our manufacturing and across our business.
We also further enhanced a number of ‘Continuous Improvement’
measures across our business during the year.

Differentiating through innovation

Innovation is embedded in Victrex’s culture. Since our inception,
we have proven our capability to develop different polymer grades,
to develop new markets and consequently to grow our business. Ina
competitive market, aligning ourselves to Polymer & Parts will help to
differentiate Victrex and ensure we remain the no.1 PEEK experts.

In short, Victrex is creating new markets for our products, extending
beyond simply manufacturing polymers. A great example is in
Automotive, where our PEEK Gears are replacing metal gears,
saving weight and cost from quicker manufacturing, and offering
reduced noise and other performance benefits. Electric vehicles
are another emerging area with significant opportunity for us,
including e-motors, actuators and other applications.

Q3 2018

Major Dental agreement with Straumann

Q2 2018

First PEEK Gears supplied to major

European car manufacturer

10 Victrex ple Annual Report 2018

Q4 2018

New TxV Aero Composites
manufacturing facility commissioned