SHAPING FUTURE
PERFORMANCE mn

*AQYIONPS*
A16

17/02/2021 #256
COMPANIES HOUSE

VICTREX PLC
ANNUAL REPORT 2020

WEDNESDAY

Registered number 2793780

An innovative world leader in
high performance polymer solutions

POLYMER & PARTS:

delivering on our strategy

Victrex is an innovative world leader in high performance polymer solutions,
focused on the strategic markets of Automotive, Aerospace, Energy (including
Manufacturing & Engineering), Electronics and Medical. Every day, millions of
people rely on sustainable products and applications which contain our polymers
and materials, from smartphones, aeroplanes and cars to oil and gas operations
and medical devices. With over 40 years’ experience, we develop world leading
solutions in PEEK and PAEK based polymers, and selected semi-finished and
finished parts which shape future performance for our customers and markets,
bring environmental and societal benefits, and drive value for our shareholders.

Visit www.victrexplc.com or scan
with your QR code reader to visit
our Group website

RESILIENT FINANCIAL POSITION AND
STRONG LONG-TERM GROWTH PIPELINE,
DESPITE COVID-19 HEADWINDS

FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS

Group sales volume Group revenue £m Underlying profit

tonnes before tax’ £m
3,492 2% 266.0% 75.5 29%

20 3,492 20 266.0 20 75.5

19 3,751 19 294.0 i) 106.2

18 4,407 18 326.0 8 127.5
Underlying earnings Available cash’ £m Dividend per share p

per share’ p

75.33m 67.59%  46.14.23%

20 75.3 20 675 20 (46.14
19 108.9 19 28 19 (59.56
18 128.8] 18 1444] 18 [__s9.se]_ 82.68

Regular dividends only
O Special divicens

OPERATIONAL HIGHLIGHTS

FY impacted by significant COVID-19 headwinds in H2

+ FY sales volume down 7% & revenue down 10%, impacted by end-market
weakness in H2

+ H2 revenue down 23%; subsequent signs of having bottomed out in Auto,
Electronics and Medical, with incremental improvement

+ Medical revenue down 14%, with US remaining weak and Asia improving

+ Underlying PBT down 29% at £75.5m; continuing margin impact from under
absorption of fixed costs

+ Reported PBT of £63.5m, reflecting £12.0m of exceptional items in FY 2020
driven by cost actions, with anticipated annualised savings of c£10m

Long-term ‘mega-programme' pipeline remains strong; little evidence

of slowdown

+ Meaningful revenue of £1m+ delivered for Aerospace Loaded Brackets programme

+ PEEK indicated as ‘material of choice’ by TechnipFMC for Magma oil & gas
qualification programme

+ PEEK Knee clinical trial underway, with additional trial sites being prepared

= New E-mobility growth programme gaining traction

Investments underpin future growth opportunities

+ New PEEK manufacturing facility in China progressing to stimulate growth

«+ Further progress to enhance our Additive Manufacturing (3D printing) capability

Resilient financial position with cash and cost actions implemented

FY cash £73.1m?, operating cash conversion of 101%!

Committed and undrawn RCF of £20m, with £20m accordion

UK debottlenecking programme paused to reflect demand outlook

Strong inventory position (FY 2020: £98.5m) to manage Brexit transition

Reinstatement of dividends, with proposed final dividend of 46.14p/share

Enhanced ESG strategy with carbon net zero focus

Launch of enhanced ESG strategy aligned to UN Sustainable Development Goals
Focused on delivering carbon net zero by 2030

Aspiration to increase sustainable products >50% of revenue mid-term

Alternative performance measures are defined in note 24.

Includes £5.6m of cash ring-fenced in the China subsidiary.

STRATEGIC REPORT
Highlights

2 Victrex at a glance

4 Our markets and megatrends

6 COVvID-19

8 Chairman's review

10 Our business model

12. Strategy

14 Overview of strategy

18 Stakeholder engagement and section 172

20 Strategy and key performance indicators

22 Financial review

27 Chief Commercial Officer’s report

31 Risk management

33> Principal risks

37 Going concern and viability statement

40 Sustainability report

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

58 Introduction from the Chairman
60 Board of Directors

62 Statement of corporate governance
75 Nominations Committee report

78 Audit Committee report

84 Directors’ remuneration report

103 Directors’ report - other statutory
information

. 108 Statement of Directors’ responsibilities

109 Independent auditors’ report

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
115 Consolidated income statement
116 Consolidated statement
of comprehensive income
117 Balance sheets
118 Cash flow statements
119 Consolidated statement
of changes in equity
120 Company statement of changes in equity
121 Notes to the financial statements

SHAREHOLDER INFORMATION
152 Five-year financial summary

153 Cautionary note regarding
forward-looking statements

154 Notice of Annual General Meeting
159 Explanatory notes

164 Financial calendar

IBC Advisors

Victrex ple GY
VY

Annual Report 2020

STRATEGIC REPORT

Victrex at a glance

SHAPING FUTURE PERFORMANCE

Victrex is headquartered in the UK, with technical and support facilities across
our major geographical markets, giving us global reach for our customers.

800+ 25% 40+ c5%-6%

employees of products defined as countries of sales invested

globally green (FTSE Russell Green Served in R&D"
Revenues Index)

Victrex solutions are found across a range of applications.

AEROSPACE ENERGY

20,000+ 75m+

Victrex™ PEEK seal

aircraft flying with rere
rings in use today

Victrex solutions

MANUFACTURING

AUTOMOTIVE & ENGINEERING
Victrex™ PEEK machines using
applications in cars Victrex solutions
ELECTRONICS MEDICAL
mobile devices using implanted devices
APTIV™ film

Note: Source data available on request.

CY) Victrex plc
\2/ Annual Report 2020

OUR PURPOSE AND INVESTMENT CASE

We bring transformational solutions which address the world’s
material challenges every day.

An innovative world leader: Sustainable products

building the PEEK/PAEK market re)
>50%

N O . 1 PEEK experts Group revenue from sustainable products with

environmental and social benefits by 2025
Read more online Financial review

www.victrexple.com Pages 22 to 26

A focused and differentiated Strong pipeline of medium to
strategy: moving downstream : long-term growth opportunities

10%-20% T seco serene

aspiration for total sales from
new products in medium term

Overview of strategy Our markets and megatrends
Pages 12 to 15 Pages 4 and 5

Sector leading returns Highly cash-generative
business model

c20% £73M..

5-year average return on
capital employed (‘ROCE’)'

Financial review Our business model
Pages 22 to 26 Pages 10 and 11

1 Alternative performance measures are defined in note 24.

Victrex ple
Annual Report 2020

1HOday DIDILVULS |

STRATEGIC REPORT

Our markets and megatrends

SIZEABLE AND SUSTAINABLE
GROWTH OPPORTUNITIES

With long-term megatrends in our favour and sustainable products, we have
a strong and diverse mix of growth opportunities across our key markets.

END MARKETS MARKET OPPORTUNITY

3 9 @) @) O new passenger and
1 freight aircraft by 2038

Source: Airbus.

Aerospace

1 29g PEEK/car average (increase from current 8g

over medium term (Victrex internal aspiration))

7 Automotive
=
=
B
2
3
z
2 1 b n+ internet of tomorrow
devices by 2025
. source: Norton.
Electronics
J % global increase every year in
O annual energy needs by 2040
Source: IEA.
Energy
including Other Industrial
and Manufacturing & Engineering
Vision to treat a patient with Invibio solutions every
S 1 5 —? 0) seconds by 2027
a (Victrex internal aspiration)
=

Medical

Ca) Victrex ple
2 annual Report 2020

MEGATRENDS

Fly lighter

+ Lighter weight and CO, reduction trends
with more efficient manufacturing
using PEEK, PAEK and composites
mean fuel saving — a strategic imperative
for the Aerospace industry.

+ Opportunities to support reduction
of OEM backlogs through volume
production/quicker processing

CO, reduction and durability

t. Fuel efficiency, CO, reduction, safety
and reliability improvements resulting
from consumer and regulatory
‘trends. Transition from internal
combustion engines (‘ICE’) to
electric vehicles (‘EVs’).

Thinner, smaller, smarter

+ The need for instant access to
communication and information
on the move is driving trends for
mobile devices.

Natural resource depletion
and cleaner energy
+ Increasing demand for and depletion

of existing resources drive exploration
into uncharted territory.

+ More efficient manufacturing
processes create more data
and connectivity requirements
in Manufacturing & Engineering.

= People are living longer and have
a strong desire to maintain their
quality of life in their later years.

Energy and thermal

CONSEQUENCES

Weight, cost reduction

and fuel efficiency .

+ Weight, cost reduction and
improved fuel efficiency are
primary strategic drivers for
‘the Aerospace industry.

Emissions reduction
design challenges .
+ Energy efficiency, comfort,
heat resistance and durability
are primary strategic imperatives
for the Automotive industry.

management benefits °

+ Increased functionality and
miniaturisation create challenges
for mobile device performance
as well as energy and
thermal management.

Extreme environments
+ Deeper, hotter, higher pressure and +
chemically aggressive wells must
be tapped to reach new reserves,
requiring more durable materials.

+ Evaluation of higher performance
materials in manufacturing,
including in the food industry
and in renewable energy.

Joint replacement
and pain management
+ Extended life expectancy results in «
an increasing need to replace worn
‘out body parts or to alleviate pain
in order to resume normal activities.
Long-term demand for new solutions
in core markets, such as Spine, and
in emerging markets, such as Knee,
Trauma and Dental, remains strong.

Lightweight metal replacement

High performance solutions
providing social benefits

Visit www.victrexplc.com to see how we are
shaping future performance in our markets

OUR CHALLENGES AND OPPORTUNITIES

Lightweight metal replacement

Victrex™ PEEK helps Aerospace
lightweighting via metal replacement
and is a key part to driving improved
fuel efficiency and reduced emissions.

Our materials can also provide more
efficient manufacturing.

Victrex™ PEEK enables lightweighting and reliability
via metal replacement and is key to meeting
the complex challenges of next generation
Automotive powertrain technology.

ABS braking systems, gears and transmission
systems are key application areas. Next
generation electric vehicles ('EVs') offer

an emerging opportunity.

Victrex materials, such as PEEK resin, ~
PEEK blends and our APTIV™ acoustic film

technology, create design opportunities by
virtue of their durability in today’s thinner,
smaller, smarter mobile devices.

Recover more

Reliable and high yield operations are enabled
using VICTREX™ PEEK based solutions in
exploration and production tooling.

Tailored solutions for industrial markets,
including Victrex™ PEEK FG, a food
grade polymer.

Invibio provides solutions for the Medical
market that can be used in a minimally invasive
manner, helping to enhance clinical benefit.
Our solutions are also being developed or

are in early commercialisation for Dental,
Trauma and Knee.

Victrex ple
Annual Report 2020

O

1Y0d3¥ JIDILV HLS |

STRATEGIC REPORT

COVID-19 : oe, :

OUR PROACTIVE ACTIONS ON COVID-19

As a global business, Victrex continues to address the impact of COVID-19 proactively, through
effective communication, guidance, support and guidelines for our employees; through regular
dialogue with our customers and suppliers; through engagement with our communities, regulators
and governments, and by taking appropriate actions to maintain a robust financial position.

We quickly established a COVID-19 Committee, comprised of Victrex serve our customers. We also carefully considered our actions to
Management Team ('‘VMT") members and other senior leaders, to support the key role we play in many supply chains, for example in
ensure representation and consideration of all stakeholder interests, Medical, and to support local communities and health organisations
and to ensure we could implement appropriate plans to protect the —_across multiple geographies, particularly those close to where
health, safety and wellbeing of our employees, whilst continuing to we operate.

OUR OUR CUSTOMERS
PEOPLE ~ AND SUPPLIERS

+ Safety, health and wellbeing our highest priority + Production aligned to demand
+ All office-based employees homeworking + Strong service levels for customers
where possible ~ manufacturing presence continuous (599% OTIF throughout FY 2020)
+ Limited number of non-business-critical employees + High levels of global inventories, c12 weeks’ sales
returned to work stocks held
+ Over 100 Return to Site risk assessment plans reviewed + Key role played within multiple supply chains

and approved by COVID-19 Committee in preparation

for greater Return to Site ‘+ Continue to operate production plants (UK government

defined chemicals as an essential industry and defined
+ Online assessment and training, including healthy as ‘life sustaining’ within several US states)

iF fe ki .
working plans, for homeworking employees + Supported development of key Medical applications

« Office reconfigurations, cleaning and temperature in the fight against COVID-19, including ventilators

i
check stations + Continuing to pay suppliers to terms with early payment

+ Weekly communications and CEO/VMT-led Q&A for smal suppliers
and ‘Staying in Touch’ sessions

Victrex is a signatory to the Prompt Payment Code
for suppliers

Victrex ple
©) Annual Report 2020

Impact
The impact to Victrex, to date, has been centred around:

Trading performance H2 2020 sales -23%, with >40%
revenue declines across Automotive, Aerospace and Energy
at trough levels (the low point during FY 2020)

Employee homeworking Over 80% of our global employees
were homeworking at the height of the global pandemic with
some limited Return to Site subsequently

Supply chain >99% On Time In Full (‘OTIF’) service levels
for customers

COVID-19 guideline costs c£50,000 costs incurred to ensure
adherence to global guidelines (office reconfigurations,
sanitiser, PPE, etc.)

OUR
STAKEHOLDERS

Multiple global community programmes with
over 2,500 employee hours committed

Over 1,500 items of PPE donated to hospitals
and care organisations globally

3D printed face masks created
Employee volunteering for care organisations

Peer group, regulators and governmental
collaboration via Chemical Industry Association
and UK and overseas governments

Signatory to Corporate Leaders Group call for
Green & Resilient recovery

For further information on how we consider
all stakeholder interests and engage with our
stakeholders, see our section 172 statement
‘on pages 18 and 19 and 73 and 74.

OUR FINANCIAL
POSITION

Range of cash conservation measures implemented:
UK debottlenecking programme paused & interim
dividend deferred

Stress test scenarios evaluated, with net cash position
maintained and temporary draw on RCF through

FY 2021 in downside scenarios, with no mitigations
(see pages 24 and 37 to 39)

Committed £20m RCF and £20m accordion; options
explored for additional facility

Reduction in global employee headcount of c100 roles
to address the expected lower production levels in the
near term, as demand remains weak and inventories
are reduced

‘Strong cash and cost management programmes
implemented across Victrex

Victrex ple
Annual Report 2020 iO)

1Y0d3¥ JISILVULS |

STRATEGIC REPORT

Chairman's review

With sustainable
products aligned to
global megatrends,
Victrex’s long-term
opportunities remain
strong, despite the
ongoing impact
from COVID-19 on
our end markets.

Larry Pentz
Chairman

Revenue from sustainable
products by 2025

>50%

Employees

800+

SUSTAINABLE AND
LONG-TERM OPPORTUNITIES

POST-COVID

In line with most peers and reflecting our
multiple end market exposure, the challenge
from COVID-19 became a material impact on
the Group during FY 2020 and most end
markets remain subdued as we enter FY 2021.
In several end markets we saw declines of
approximately 40% in volume and revenue at
trough levels, although we have seen some
incremental improvement subsequently.

This has necessitated further cost actions

to ensure the Group remains in a viable

and sustainable position to navigate current
challenges and indeed for the longer term.

Strategy

Despite the ongoing impact from COVID-19,
I believe our Polymer & Parts strategy and

a focus on growth markets and long-term
‘opportunities remain strong, although

we will continue to adopt a ‘COVID-19 lens’ on
‘our growth pipeline. Our strategy involves
differentiating against our competitors through
being focused on existing and new applications
in the PEEK and PAEK polymer space, through
developing new polymer grades and product
forms, including composites, and through
building new markets in ‘parts’ alongside
‘our core polymer offering.

We will continue to assess how we can
accelerate our strategy, to drive our long-term
growth prospects, and to make us more
resilient & more differentiated.

Our purpose

As a sustainable business bringing
transformational solutions which address
the world’s material challenges, Victrex
works across its markets and with customers
to deliver solutions and performance
benefits against incumbent materials,
typically metal. As the no.1 PEEK experts,
Victrex is pioneering the market for the use
of PEEK & PAEK polymers.

‘Whilst our current sales are still largely derived
from core polymer materials or product forms,
Victrex’s differentiated offering to customers
is built on much more than just having the
capacity to manufacture polymers. Our
technical service, application development
capability, regulatory support, Research &
Development and innovation credentials are
key strengths which have served us well, and
will continue to do so. Moving downstream
into new and selected semi-finished and
finished products (‘parts’), and protecting
our intellectual property through
know-how and patents, will
enable Victrex to capture
a higher value share from
each application and deliver
continued strong returns
for our shareholders.

Growth pipeline

Each of our ‘mega-programmes' offers the
potential for over £50m of annual revenue
in its peak sales year. Driving full market
adoption can take time for what represent
‘disruptive’ technologies in many cases,
particularly against long-standing metal-
based or existing polymer technologies.

Overall our growth pipeline is progressing
broadly as planned, with the long-term value
proposition for the use of PEEK remaining
strong despite the impact of COVID-19, with
over 80% of milestones achieved in these
programmes during FY 2020.

During FY 2020 we saw further milestones
including our Magma programme, where
PEEK is being viewed as the material of choice
for demanding oil and gas opportunities in
Brazil, as part of Technip FMC's qualification
programme. This thermoplastic composite-
based pipe helps reduce weight and offer
more cost effective deployment

Sustainability

Our sustainability strategy and focus on
three main areas — sustainable solutions,
resource efficiency and social responsibility
= has been enhanced this year with a clear
vision to become carbon net zero by 2030,
and alignment to the UN's Sustainable
Development Goals. This includes new targets
around sustainable products, building on the
recognition we already enjoy from the likes of
FTSE Russell in their Green Revenues Index.
The lightweight, environmental and recycling
credentials of our materials and alignment with
global megatrends continue to support our
ability to remain a sustainable business over
‘the coming years. Further detail can be found
in the Sustainability report on pages 40 to 57.

Results

With COVID-19 impacting us in the second
half year, Group revenue of £266.0m was
10% down on the prior year (FY 2019:
£294.0m). Underlying Group profit before
tax (‘PBT’) of £75.5m (FY 2019: £106.2m)
was down 29%, with reported Group PBT
‘of £63,5m (FY 2019: £104.7m) down 39%.
Earnings per share of 62.6p was down 42%
(FY 2019: 107.2p).

Investment for growth

Our investment in innovation and technical
excellence remains a key differentiator for
Victrex, with R&D expenditure of £16.7m
(FY 2019: £18.0m) representing approximately
6% of Group revenue. Much of this investment
is in development activity, helping to create
new applications which use our PEEK polymers.
(M&A and partnerships remain key options
for Victrex in supporting our growth

programmes and we have the opportunity
to develop assets or capability ourselves, or
buy in this capability as we have done with
Kleiss Gears, our TxV Aero Composites
investment and the acquisition of Zyex

China manufacturing subsidiary
During the year we formed a manufacturing
subsidiary in Panjin province, China, with
Yingkou Xingfu, to support the development
of a new PEEK manufacturing facility, where
we expect the long-term opportunities to
remain strong. The Board considered the
investment needed to meet anticipated future
demand in China, the returns profile offered by
the transaction and how regional customers
could be served from a local facility, as well as
the impact on and support required from the
Group's UK operations. The facility is scheduled
to be commissioned by late 2022, eventually
being able to produce up to 1,500 tonnes

of PEEK and PAEK at a cost to Victrex of
approximately £32m. We will carefully manage
IP during the construction phase, working
with a well established partner who already
supports us in the monomer process.

Board consideration also included the benefit
of the ‘Made in China 2025’ initiative by the
Chinese government versus alternative options,
the impact on the supply chain and existing
Chinese producers and a detailed risk review to
ensure long-term benefit from the investment,
as well as the resources and employee support
needed for the venture. Our engagement
programme also included regional government
and other industry bodies in China.

Overall capital expenditure was £24.9m
(FY 2019: £22.7m), principally reflecting the
pausing of our UK debottlenecking project,
which we have again deferred until we see
firmer signs of demand returning, to gain
incremental capacity,

Cash-generative business model
Our highly cash-generative business model
supports investment for growth and
appropriate returns to shareholders. A
number of cash conservation measures were
implemented during FY 2020. With weaker
trading and higher inventories to support
Brexit and debottlenecking contingency,

the Group's closing cash balance reached
£73.1m this year (FY 2019: £72.5m), with no
debt. Operating cash conversion! was 101%
(FY 2019: 64%).

Dividends

The Board's capital allocation policy focuses
‘on growth investment - whether organic or
through M&A - first, whilst supporting a
regular dividend and the potential of
incremental returns for shareholders via a
special dividend. This retains our flexibility to
invest in downstream manufacturing, M&A
and polymer capacity expansion. Our intention
will be to grow the regular dividend in line
with EPS, whilst also offering the opportunity
of a special dividend where possible, subject
toa minimum of SOp/share. We believe this
policy offers good medium-term
opportunities for shareholder returns.

1 Alternative performance measures are
defined in note 24.

Our regular dividend seeks to maintain cover
at or around 2x. Whilst earnings per share was
down 42%, the Group is proposing to keep
the final dividend flat, having deferred the
interim dividend. Total regular dividends for
the year reached 46.14p (FY 2019: $9.56p).
Underlying dividend cover’ is at 1.6x

(FY 2019: 1.8x).

Financial review
Pages 22 to 26

Governance and the Board

Our Board composition further evolved this
year. Pamela Kirby stepped down after nine
years on the Board, including five as Senior
Independent Director, with Ros Rivaz joining
the Board in May 2020 as Senior Independent
Director. As previously communicated, this
role will eventually turn to the search process
for a new Chair, although as we navigate
the challenges of COVID-19, and reflecting
significant Board changes over the past two
years, it remains more important than ever to
retain the Board stability that has benefited
the Group and will continue to do so.

Below Board level, we have a strong focus
on diversity and inclusion. During the year
the executive Directors have managed the
business with support from a broader range
of senior managers as part of the VMT
(Victrex Management Team), two of whom
are female. A broader Victrex Management
Team was established for FY 2020 with
more detail about its members and how

it operates on pages 70 and 71.

Corporate governance
Pages 58 to 113

Safety

Away from our manufacturing operations,
we have an unwavering safety focus across
‘our global teams, which continue to drive
the market opportunities for our polymers,
whether at commercial, marketing, technical
or support services level. The change in
reporting standards to US OSHA-based
metrics meant our recordable injury rate
slightly increased although it remains better
than industry average. Our aspiration in
2021 and beyond is for a Zero Accidents,
Zero Incidents culture, with a number of
employee campaigns supporting this goal.

People & stakeholders

The challenges of COVID-19 have impacted
‘on all of our global employees during the
year. The ability of our employees, our teams
and indeed our whole business to respond in
support of our customers was extremely well
received. On behalf of the Board | would like
to thank each and every one of Victrex’s
employees for their continued contribution.
Regrettably, the economic impact of COVID-19
means we had to take further cost actions at
the end of the financial year, which will result
in approximately 100 fewer roles, principally
reflecting expected lower production levels
with our global inventories being reduced
and noting the weak demand environment.
These actions were largely completed
through voluntary severance.

Vietrex has an active stakeholder engagement
programme, both internally with our employees
and externally in the communities where we
operate, including supporting subjects to help
those considering careers built on science
and innovation. 42 apprentices are currently
with us, demonstrating our support and
commitment for the next generation of
‘employees. Our training investment has also
yielded good results, supporting many of
‘our employees in gaining awards and
additional qualifications

We are also focused on diversity and
inclusion through our Gender Pay and
Group Diversity & Equal Opportunities
Policy, details of which can be found on
pages 54 and 55 of the Sustainability report

Our stakeholder engagement programme
can be found on pages 18 and 19.

Values & culture

Our values of Passion, Innovation and
Performance have, | believe, seen us respond
well as individuals and as an organisation
through these unprecedented times. With
over 80% of our global employees at some
stage homeworking ~ with the majority
remaining working from home - we were
able to use our values to do the right thing
for ourselves and the Company. Our culture
of innovation, service for customers and
delivering with speed is central to our ability
to commercialise our future opportunities
and sustain Victrex into the future.

Outlook

At this early stage, FY 2021 has started solidly,
Whilst several end markets are seeing some
incremental improvement, overall performance
remains subdued arid we expect some softness
to continue through the first half, versus the
prior year, with the potential for uncertainty
in order patterns. Whilst we will start to
benefit from the actions we have taken on
Costs, some impact on margin will remain due
to production being lower than sales and
inventory unwind post Brexit. Consequently,
our initial assumptions are that delivering a
performance which improves on FY 202