212024  =—« #94
victReExPptCc i (ti‘“‘it;ts;*‘*RRRSCC 0
ANNUAL REPORT 2023

ENABLING
ENVIRONMENTAL &
SOCIETAL BENEFITS

BRINGING TRANSFORMATIONAL & SUSTAINABLE SOLUTIONS
THAT ADDRESS WORLD MATERIAL CHALLENGES EVERY DAY

Registered in England and Wales 2793780

WE BRING TRANSFORMATIONAL &
SUSTAINABLE SOLUTIONS THAT
ADDRESS WORLD MATERIAL
CHALLENGES EVERY DAY

Victrex is an innovative world leader in high
performance polymer solutions, focused on the
strategic markets of Automotive, Aerospace, Energy
& Industrial, Electronics and Medical. Every day,
millions of people rely on sustainable products

and applications which contain our polymers and
materials, from smartphones, aeroplanes and

cars to energy production and medical devices.
With over 40 years’ experience, we develop world
leading solutions in PEEK and PAEK based polymers,
and selected semi-finished and finished parts

which shape future performance for our customers
and markets, enable environmental and societal
benefits, and drive value for our shareholders.

PBT in line* after challenging year; record
Medical revenues & new growth targets

Financial highlights
Group sales volume
tonnes

3,598 -24%

Underlying profit
before tax' £m

80.0 -16%

Group revenue

307.0 10%

3,598 23 307.0 23 80.0
2 4727 22 34.022 95.6
2 4,373 a 306.3 a 917

Dividend per share p
(regular & special dividends)

59.56 fiat

Reported profit
before tax £m

72.5 17%

Reported earnings
per share p

70.9 -19%

23 ns 70.9 23 59.56
2 87.7 22 876 22 59.56
a 925 21 e430 21 59.56 0.00

Regular dividend Special dividend

Highlights:
PBT in line* after challenging year
+ Underlying PBT in line at £80.0m; reported PBT £72.5m
+ FY 2023 volume down 24%; Group revenue down 10%
+ Significant weakness in Electronics, Energy & Industrial and VAR
+ Record Medical revenues, +12% & broad-based growth; strong
Aerospace performance
«Robust cost discipline whilst prioritising Medical & innovation investment

Strong average selling prices; improved gross margin
+ ASP up 18%, driven by price increases (& mix and FX)
+ FY 2023 gross margin up 180bps, offset by lower asset utilisation

Well placed for macro-recovery, with new strategic growth targets
+ Targeting mid-term revenue growth of 5-7% CAGR*™ based on core business

& new applications
+ Upside potential to 8-10% CAGR driven by mega-programme commercialisation
+ Targeting £25m-£35m of revenues from mega-programme portfolio in FY 2025
+ Decarbonisation targets submitted to Science Based Targets initiative ('SBTi’)

Mega-programmes prioritised to drive enhanced commercialisation

+ Investment prioritised in streamlined portfolio: Aerospace, E-mobilty, Knee, Magma and Trauma

Key milestones delivered in pathways to £10m revenue:
+ E-mobility: £6m revenues, ahead of expectations & new customer collaborations
+ Trauma plates: growing demand & broader customer opportunities
+ Knee: clinical trial & top five OEM collaboration; two to three years to first sales
+ Aerospace: broader customer portfolio for composite parts & revenues growing
«Magma: supporting TechnipFMC for Brazil scale-up

Strong balance sheet & opportunity for cash flow improvement

* FY 2023 available cash! of £30.1m (FY 2022: £66.0m) after major capex & higher inventory

+ Well-invested assets: new China facilities ready & UK facilities upgraded
Inventory set to unwind from FY 2024 (FY 2023: £134.5m vs FY 2022: £86.8m)

1 Alternative performance measures are defined in note 25.
+ Intine with revised June 2023 guidance of £80m-£85m underlying PBT.

++ Revenue (5 yr CAGR). Opportunity for PBT to grow faster with improved operating leverage.
*** Proposed.

Final dividend*** maintained at 46.14p/share, reflecting confidence in future performance

Strategic report

1 Highlights

2 Victrex at a glance

6 Chair's statement

8 Our investment case

10 Our markets and megatrends

12 Our business model

14 Strategy

16 Overview of strategy

18 Strategy and key performance indicators
20 Stakeholder engagement

24 Financial review

28 Operating review

32 Risk

39 Going concern and viability statement
42. Sustainability report

LYOd3¥ DIDILVYLS |

Corporate governance

68 Introduction from the Chair

70 Board of Directors

72 Statement of corporate governance

86 Nominations Committee report

90 Audit Committee report

98 Corporate Responsibility Committee
report

100 Directors’ remuneration report

124 Directors’ report - other
statutory information

128 Statement of Directors’ responsibilities
in respect of the Annual Report and
the financial statements

129 Independent auditors’ report to the
members of Victrex plc

Financial statements
136 Consolidated income statement
137 Consolidated statement
of comprehensive income
138 Balance sheets
139 Cash flow statements
140 Consolidated statement
of changes in equity
141 Company statement
of changes in equity
142 Notes to the financial statements

Shareholder information

183 Five-year financial summary and
Cautionary note regarding
forward-looking statements

184 Notice of Annual General Meeting

188 Explanatory notes

192 Financial calendar

193 Advisors

Annual Report 2023 Victrex plc 1

STRATEGIC REPORT

Victrex at a glance

OUR
STRATEGIC
ROADMAP ae

transformational
and sustainable
solutions that address
world material challenges
every day

Read more on page 6

PURPOSE

STRATEGIC IMPERATIVES

Drive
Differentiate

Driving results
Create and deliver 9

Working together

Underpin Doing the right thing
Passion Read more Continuously improving
Innovation on page Focusing on our customers
Performance
Read more on page 65 Read more on page 82
VALUES BEHAVIOURS

A SUSTAINABLE BUSINESS

PEOPLE PLANET PRODUCTS
Enhance inclusion and diversity, Maximise resource efficiency Our sustainable products
support local communities and across the value chain provide clear environmental
inspire STEM-based careers and societal benefits
Read more on page 44 Read more on page 44 Read more on page 44
CULTURE
Safety, . Service for Delivering
sustainability & Innovation .
ae customers with speed
accountability

2 Victrex plc Annual Report 2023

BRINGING TRANSFORMATIONAL
& SUSTAINABLE SOLUTIONS

Victrex’s strategy is based on Polymer & Parts and our purpose is to bring transformational
and sustainable solutions which address the world’s material challenges. Through our Medical
and Sustainable Solutions business areas, we have a strong core business based on PEEK
polymer, which has formed Victrex’s business since 1993, typically replacing metal with

a lighter, durable and sustainable alternative. Through a developing and differentiated
portfolio of product forms and parts, we seek to grow new revenue streams, enabling
environmental and societal benefit for our customers.

c.5%-6%
of sales invested
in R&D"

1,000+ 55%

employees of revenues from
globally sustainable products*

40+

countries served

Victrex solutions are found across a range of applications and end markets.

Aerospace

20,000+

aircraft flying with Victrex solutions

Energy & Industrial

75m+

VICTREX™ PEEK seal rings in use today

Automotive Energy & Industrial

500m+

VICTREX™ PEEK based applications in use

Electronics

Abn+

mobile devices using Aptiv™ film

100m+

machines operate using Victrex solutions

Medical

15m+

implanted medical devices using

VICTREX™ PEEK to date

Note: Source data available on request
# Sustainable products are defined as those which offer quantifiable environmental or societal benefit. These are primarily in Automotive, Aerospace
(supporting CO, reduction) and Medical (supporting improved patient outcomes). Some applications are also in Energy & Industrial (e.g. wind and
renewable energy applications) and Electronics (supporting eneray efficiency, e.g. home appliances). Volumes from Oil & Gas are excluded, as are
Value Added Resellers volumes currently, due to the lack of full clarity on exact end market destinations, Sustainable products represented 55%
of Group revenues in FY 2023

The Group targets 5-6% of Group revenues to be spent on R&D expenditure being a leading indicator of the Group's ability to innovate into new
applications, supporting future growth

Annual Report 2023 Victrexple = 3

140d3¥ DIDILVYLS |

STRATEGIC REPORT

Victrex at a glance continued

HOW OUR PRODUCTS ENABLE
ENVIRONMENTAL & SOCIETAL BENEFITS

Supporting CO, reduction, improving energy efficiency and better patient
outcomes are just some of the benefits our products bring, with over half
of our revenues now coming from sustainable products (FY 2023 data).

Automotive

80,000 tonnes

80,000 tonne annual CO, saving
in Europe for selected applications*

Aerospace

CO, saving
Our annual sales to Aerospace

support CO, savings c3x Victrex’s
annual Scope 1 & 2 emissions**

Electronics

30-40% lighter

PEEK is approximately 30-40% lighter than some
metals and supports improved energy efficiency
in home appliance devices

Medical

25% improved
brain function

Using PEEK-OPTIMA™ Natural
in CMF skull plates vs metal***

Enhanced
union rate

Using carbon fibre PEEK trauma plate
vs 85% union rate for steel plates****

* Based on European annual mileage for passenger cars using selected applications including vacuurn pumps.

** Based on 10kg of PEEK replacing metal: IATA carbon reduction & climate change 2018.

*** 25% improved brain function based on paper by Zhang Q, Yuan Y, LiX, et al, World Neurosurgeon 2018.
**** Data on file, refers to Trauma outcomes in high risk patients using PEEK carbon fibre trauma plates vs metal.

4 __Victrex ple Annual Report 2023

PEOPLE, PLANET & PRODUCTS

Our decarbonisation roadmap is aligned to the Science Based Targets initiative (‘SBTi’),
with a Net Zero goal by 2050 across Scope 1, 2 & 3 emissions (subject to SBTi validation),
and an interim goal by 2032.

Our progress: Our future goals:

Planet: how we manage our resources Planet: how we manage our resources
% 100%

55% 0

reduction in hazardous waste per £m revenue goal for renewable electricity globally*

since 2013 * Where the market exists by 2024 (currently 90%).
% 2050

17%

CO, intensity (CO,/kg of PEEK produced) Net Zero emissions by 2050; SBTi targets submitted

reduction since 2013 aligned to the Paris Agreement

Decarbonisation plan & options

SBTi interim target SBTi Net Zero
(2032) (2050)

Assess alternative
technologies/
sustainable chemistry

Electrification or alternative fuels for manufacturing

Renewable electricity

Continuous Improvement programmes

Today 2050

+ Sustainability report Pages 42 to 66

Annual Report 2023 Victrexple 5

140d3¥ DIDILVULS |

STRATEGIC REPORT

Chair's statement

Bringing transformational & sustainable
solutions which address the world’s
material challenges, every day

Our purpose

Sustainable product revenues by 2030

>/0%

(from 55% in FY 2023)

Dr Vivienne Cox DBE
Chair

A CLEAR STRATEGY:
FOCUSED ON DELIVERY

Overview

This has been my first full financial year

as Chair. Our strong purpose, innovative
culture and strong balance sheet have
helped Victrex to remain resilient through
the challenging macro-economic conditions
in FY 2023

A clear purpose

Our purpose is to bring transformational
and sustainable solutions to the performance
challenges faced by our customers, and

‘our products come with environmental,
technical or medical benefits. Sustainable
product revenues grew this year, which
includes applications in the Aerospace or
Automotive industries, with lighter, more
durable and faster to process materials
supporting CO, reduction; in Electronics
and Energy to support energy efficiency;

or in Medical, supporting patient outcomes.
In each, we have a key role to enable
environmental and societal benefits, which
will drive value for all of our stakeholders.

Safety — fundamental to
everything we do

With manufacturing, technical and support
facilities globally to support our customers,
we have a zero accidents, zero incidents goal
across our business. | am pleased to report
that our safety culture remains strong.

We continue to align to US Occupational
Safety & Health (‘OSHA’) based metrics,
with our recordable injury frequency rate

6 Victrex ple Annual Report 2023

(RIFR’) at 0.2 (FY 2022: 0.2) and better
than the industry average of 1.3. Alongside
Victrex's UK polymer manufacturing
facilities, our new PEEK facility in China
successfully produced first product and is
commercially ready to support first sales in
FY 2024. Wherever we operate, we have
an unwavering focus on safety.

A unique strategy

Our ‘Polymer & Parts’ strategy is to be

a world leader in driving value creation
through PEEK and PAEK materials, across
‘our two business areas of Sustainable
Solutions and Medical. The addressable
market opportunity for our polymers is

at least 10 times our current sales volume.

Across Sustainable Solutions, beyond
products benefiting from a global economic
recovery, we seek to translate application

growth and develop adjacent opportunities,

particularly in metal replacement. In Medical,

we have the scope to extend our position
through broader applications, with the
opportunity for Medical to become around
a third of revenues within the next decade,
changing the shape of the Group.

Differentiation

Our unique strategy is focused on a

core polymer business, complemented

by our parts business to adopt new and
potentially game-changing applications
(our ‘mega-programmes’) - typically where
there is end demand but no supply chain

exists. Victrex’s history is built on innovation,

With our technology aligned
to powerful megatrends such
as carbon reduction and
improving patient outcomes,
Victrex’s products enable
environmental and societal
benefit for our customers.
We have a clear strategy, and
remain well positioned to
drive substantial growth from
these opportunities over the
coming years.

Dr Vivienne Cox DBE
Chair

by applying our know-how and expertise
to help develop new application uses for
our PEEK and PAEK materials.

“Polymer & Parts’ differentiates us from
competitors, which largely focus on a
portfolio of materials other than PEEK.
Technically, our polymers are developed
by a differentiated manufacturing process.
As well as expanding our range of
polymer grades, product forms or parts,
many of which are protected by patents
or know-how, this enables us to be the

number 1 PEEK and PAEK experts. We will
continue to invest around 5-6% of sales
every year to support R&D investment,
principally in application development, but
also exploring sustainable chemistry for
the future.

Core business &
mega-programme targets

Our strategic plan targets core business
growth of at least S-7% (revenue CAGR)
over the medium term, with an opportunity
towards 8-10% growth as differentiated
applications and the ‘mega-programmes’
see increasing commercialisation. PBT has
the opportunity to grow faster than revenue
as operating leverage improves and overhead
investment moderates. During the year,
investment in our ‘mega-programme’
portfolio was prioritised. This prioritisation
of the game-changing programmes of
Aerospace Composites, E-mobility, Magma
(composite pipe for the energy industry),
Trauma plates and Knee comes at a time
when the opportunity of £10m revenues

in several mega-programmes is moving
closer. Auto Gears saw further growth and
has been integrated within the core business
as it builds adoption and further commercial
revenue. We are also targeting £25m-£35m
of revenues from the mega-programme
portfolio in FY 2025.

Sustainability & ESG

People, Planet & Products is our focus and
the environmental & societal benefits of
Victrex™ PEEK have helped us to continue
growing our portfolio of sustainable
products, which this year reached 55%

of revenues. Further detail is in our
Sustainability report on pages 42 to 66.

The decarbonisation agenda continues
apace and whilst we face hurdles from
access to alternative fuels or technologies,
or grid capacity, we have set out a revised
decarbonisation goal which is aligned to the
Science Based Targets initiative ('SBT'’). This
is focused on a goal of Net Zero across all
scopes by 2050 (including an interim target
by 2032), and we expect to communicate
our short and long-term goals in 2024,
post-review by SBTi. We continue to lobby
for support to progress our

decarbonisation agenda.

In our People agenda, we actively engage with
communities wherever we operate, typically
with significant employee volunteering

A new Biodiversity partnership was created
this year in the UK with Lancashire Wildlife
Trust, focusing on industry and nature

in harmony. In our Science, Technology,
Engineering & Maths (‘STEM’) programme,
we saw the first STEM ambassadors in
China, a recognition of how we support
employees of the future.

Results

Victrex was not alone in seeing a
challenging macro-economic environment.
Results were in line with expectations, with
revenue declining 10% to £307.0m (FY
2022: £341.0m) and profit before tax (‘PBT’)
down 17% to £72.5m (FY 2022: £87.7m).

Pleasingly, recovery of energy and raw
material inflation was strong, with average
selling prices, including the benefit of sales
mix and currency, up 18%. Whilst we have
yet to see a notable upturn in demand, we
remain well positioned for a global recovery
in several industries.

Strong balance sheet

The Group retains a strong balance sheet,
with available cash of £30.1m, offering
security of supply to our customers and
flexibility to invest. Our cash-generative
business model enables us to invest in

our growth, as well as offer attractive
shareholder returns. Capital expenditure
has been elevated since FY 2020 as we
invested in our new China facilities and

in UK asset improvement. Whilst we have
allocated investment towards our ESG
and decarbonisation goals over the coming
years, our cash flows are set to improve as
we realise the fruits of our investments.

Shareholder returns

& capital allocation

With a well-invested asset base and cash
flows set to see an upturn, the opportunity
for incremental shareholder returns is set
to improve. Following engagement with
shareholders, we confirmed that share
buybacks are now part of our options to
return cash. Our capital allocation policy
continues to focus on quality growth first
and foremost. We will look to progressively
increase our regular dividend in line with
earnings, once dividend cover returns close
to 2x. Special dividends remain an option
based on a minimum SOp/share, with share
buybacks able to be utilised for smaller
cash returns, typically up to £25m. Despite
the challenging year, we maintained the

FY 2023 regular dividend (total dividends
59.56p/share).

Governance & the Board

We pride ourselves on strong governance
across the Group. We saw the first full
year of our newly formed Corporate
Responsibility Committee (‘CRC’) and a full
summary of this Committee's activities is
shown on pages 98 and 99.

We are focused on further progress on our
Diversity, Equity & Inclusion (‘DE&I’) journey.
With a target for 40% of the leadership
group to be female by 2030, we stayed at
19% during the year and have identified
further actions to build on this progress.

On the Board, we have a talented and diverse
team, with 50% of Directors being female.
In September, Dr Martin Court, our Chief
Commercial Officer, stepped down from

the Board after 10 years of service. We are
grateful to Martin for his strong contribution
and wish him well in his retirement. We

will not be directly replacing this role at
Board level, with a reorganisation to have
two Managing Directors for Sustainable
Solutions and Medical respectively, one

of whom is an internal promotion.

People, stakeholders, values

& culture

During a challenging macro-economic
environment, it is important that we
recognise and thank each and every one of
Victrex’s employees for their resilience and
contribution. We also continue to support
employees by investing in training, as well
as flexible working and other policies.

Victrex has a strong track record of
ensuring we engage with stakeholders
across our global locations, from customers,
to investors, to suppliers and, of course,

to local communities wherever we operate.
Employee volunteering remains embedded
in our culture, with 3,895 employee hours
supporting local communities this year

(FY 2022: 4,784 hours). In our DE&I agenda,
we have a number of employee forums

to drive progress, with further detail on
page 55 of the Sustainability report. Our
Non-executive Director for Workforce
Engagement, Brendan Connolly, has
continued to engage with employees across
our global locations and a summary of this is
shown on pages 84 and 85. With our values
of Passion, Innovation and Performance

and our highly innovative culture, our focus
remains very clearly on delivery.

Outlook

Overall, the Group is well placed for recovery
and growth. With a strong and diversified
core business, increasing commercialisation
in our mega-programmes, well invested
assets and incremental capacity, and the
opportunity for cash flow improvement,

our investment proposition remains strong

Dr Vivienne Cox DBE
Chair
5 December 2023

Annual Report 2023 Victrex plc 7

1Y0d3¥ DIDALVULS |

STRATEGIC REPORT

Our investment case

OUR LONG-TERM

GROWTH CREDENTIALS

By enabling environmental & societal benefits for our customers and the planet,
we are aligned to global megatrends, which in turn support our long-term
growth opportunities, underpinned by our strong financial position.

An innovative world leader:
building the PEEK/PAEK market

No.1

PEEK expert

* Read more online www.victrexple.com

Proportion of total R&D investment on
dedicated sustainable products or programmes

40%

total R&D expenditure (including labour) to support
sustainable products as a proportion of the Group's
total R&D expenditure?

* Our markets and megatrends Pages 10 and 11

Sector leading returns

c.19%

Five-year average return on capital employed (‘ROCE’)'

* Financial review Pages 24 to 31

Alternative performance measures are defined in note 25.

Sustainable product goals

>70%

Group revenue from sustainable products with
environmental and societal benefits by 2030 (from
55% today)

* Sustainability report Pages 42 to 66

Strong pipeline of medium to
long-term growth opportunities

5

mega-programmes
* Mega-programmes Page 9

Highly cash-generative
business model

£30.1m

available cash’

* Our business model Pages 12 and 13

This metric was updated in FY 2023, with the previous metric based on project-based R&D investment to support
sustainable products as a proportion of project-oased R&D investment, which is 92% in the current year (FY 2022: 89%).

8 Vietrex ple Annual Report 2023

DELIVERING OUR GROWTH OPPORTUNITIES:
CORE BUSINESS AND ‘MEGA-PROGRAMMES'

40,000

feet above the sea...

Victrex™ PEEK & PAEK
polymers: technology with
a unique combination of
properties to underpin
our growth opportunities

Mega-programmes*

Victrex’s high
performance polymers
are found across a
number of end markets
& applications

Victrex™ PEEK’s success has been applying
the benefits of this technology to new
and ever growing applications, across a
number of industries. Our core polymer
business remains the bulk of our revenues
(the remainder as product forms, e.g. film,
composite tape or parts), with PEEK found
in many mission-critical applications,
replacing metal and helping to enable
environmental and societal benefits.

Our core business offers the potential
of at least mid-single digit top-line
growth over the medium term, and
an addressable market more than 10x

to 10,000

feet below

current volumes. This could be enhanced
towards double-digit growth over the
medium to long term, aided by new and
differentiated applications, and increasing
commercialisation in our game-changing
‘mega-programmes’. We are mindful of
execution risk and delivery of our strategy,
particularly reflecting the ‘disruptive’ nature
of our mega-programmes. The future
success of Victrex will be built on applying
‘our unique technology, and its benefits,

to a focused and growing portfolio of
applications, supported by our well invested
assets and growing capabilities

Our five game-changing mega-programmes offer the potential of at least £50m revenue in their peak sales year. This year we chose to
prioritise investment in five specific programmes, with a goal of reaching £25m-£35m of revenues from the portfolio in 2025 (from £11m
now). Three programmes ~ E-mobility, Trauma and Magma - are moving closer to inflection points, with major customers also investing,
technical proof delivered and the drive to greater commercialisation, with £10m of annual revenue closing in

‘Mega-programme Magma (composite pipe)

Trauma
(composite trauma plates
for patient fractures)

E-mobility (electric
vehicle applications)

Aerospace Composites &
Structures (the aeroplanes
of tomorrow)

PEEK Knee (alternative to metal
knee replacement)

1. Revenue phase Commercial (£1-£2m)

Commercial (£6m) | Commercial (<£1m)

Commercial (c.£3m) Development (<£1m)

TechnipFMC new
Brazil pipe facility

2. Annual
milestones

Additional EV
business wins

In2Bones roll-out &
Paragon manufacturing
scale-up; >3,000
plates supplied

Ist large scale
demonstrator parts
(Airbus Clean Sky 2)

46 patient implants, 10
past 2-year clinical phase;
Aesculap collaboration

Petrobras
bid outcomes

3. Next milestones

Enhanced Meeting initial demand,
wire coating customer launches and
adoption (FY2024) revenue build (FY2024)

Qualifications
broadened to other
OEMs (ongoing)

Post-clinical phase
towards commercialisation
(FY2025)

4. Investment Limited - Limited -Victrex _ Modest - further Limited - investment — Modest - further
requirements —_TechnipFMC XPI™ patented product development through supply chain _industrialisation scale-up
investing grade established investment
5. Timeline to 2-3 years ~2 years 2-3 years 2-3 years >3 years (based

£10m revenue**

on appropriate
regulatory pathway)

* — Mega-programmes defined as offering at least £50m of revenue in peak sales year.

** Estimated.

Annual Report 2023 Vietrexple 9

1¥0d3¥ DIDALVULS |

STRATEGIC REPORT

Our markets and megatrends

SIZEABLE AND SUSTAINABLE
GROWTH OPPORTUNITIES

With long-term megatrends in our favour and sustainable products, we have
a strong and diverse mix of growth opportunities across our key markets.

End markets Market opportunity

3 9 @) 0) 0) new passenger and freight
' aircraft by 2040

Source: Airbus.
Aerospace
Potential PEEK/car on EV
2 platforms (increase from current
3 > g 10g average over long term,
5 based on 800V electric vehicle)
2
fo} .
a Automotive
a
<
z
5
2
a
3 @) b n + connected devices by 2030
(double current levels)
Source: Statista.
Electronics
1 % global increase every year in
annual energy needs by 2040
Source: IEA.
Energy &
Industrial
q 1 5 20 Vision to treat a patient with Invibio
i] — solutions every 15-20 seconds by 2027
& (Victrex internal aspiration - from
3 seconds current 25-30 seconds)
Medical

10___Victrex ple AnnualReport 2023