AN INNOVATIVE
WORLD LEADER IN HIGH
PERFORMANCE POLYMER SOLUTIONS

VICTREX PLC
ANNUAL REPORT 2021

Registered number 2793780

f avn

19)

Y"
#02/:
PANIE:

POLYMER
& PARTS:

Delivering on our strategy

Victrex is an innovative world leader in high
performance polymer solutions, focused

on the strategic markets of Automotive,
Aerospace, Energy & Industrial, Electronics and
Medical. Every day, millions of people rely on
sustainable products and applications which
contain our polymers and materials, from
smartphones, aeroplanes and cars to oil & gas
Operations and medical devices. With over

40 years’ experience, we develop world
leading solutions in PEEK and PAEK based
polymers, and selected semi-finished and
finished parts which shape future performance
for our customers and markets, bring
environmental and societal benefits, and drive
value for our shareholders.

Visit www.victrexplc.com or scan
with your QR code reader to visit
our Group website

Solid & sustainable recovery: FY volumes +25%,
strong cash generation & 50p/share special dividend

FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS

Group sales volume Group revenue £m Underlying profit

tonnes before tax' £m
4,373 +25% 306.3 +15% 91.7 421%

2 4,373 a 306.3 a 917
» 332 » 60 18s

19 3,751 19 294.0 19° 106.2

Available cash’ £m

99.9 .48%

Underlying earnings
per share’ p

83.4 am

Dividend per share p

109.56 +137%

92 59.56 50.00
20 75.3 20 675 20 46.14
19 108.9 19 72.8 19 59.56

Regular dividends only Speciel dividend

HIGHLIGHTS:

Solid & sustainable recovery: FY volumes +25%

~ FY sales volume up 25% driven by improving end markets

~ Double-digit YoY growth in Electronics, Energy & Industrial, VAR

> Improvement in Automotive with volumes +18% despite Semiconductor challenges
> Medical revenue up 3% as elective surgeries gradually return

~> 9% increase in new application targets

Underlying PBT up 21% driven by strong volume growth & cost management

> Underlying PBT up 21% at £91.7m; reported PBT up 46% at £92.5m

> Gross margin stable at 54.0% despite weaker sales mix, FX and inventory unwind

Further progress in ‘mega-programme’ growth pipeline & additional milestones

> Strong validation of PEEK technology through sale of Magma interest to TechnipFMC;
opportunities in traditional & new energy including hydrogen transportation

> Good progress in PEEK Knee clinical trial; ten patients now implanted

> Meaningful revenue of c£1m in PEEK Gears

> Mega-programme potential for E-mobility, with 50% increase in development programmes

> Good progress in Trauma joint developments

Strong cash generation underpinning investment & returns; SOp special dividend

> FY 2021 available cash' of £99.9m** underpinning c£40m capex; further investment
focused on China in FY 2022

> Operating cash conversion! 100%

> Civil construction progressing on plan for new PEEK facility in China; commissioning in 2022

> Post-Brexit inventory unwind benefiting cash flow, total inventory down £28m to £70m

ividends returned to pre-COVID-19 levels & special dividend of 5Op/share

Further enhanced ESG strategy: products bringing environmental & societal benefits
~ Signatory to Science Based Targets initiative (‘SBTi’), reflecting 2030 net zero goal***
> New ESG criteria added to Executive remuneration

1 Alternative performance measures are defined in note 24

** Excludes £12.5m of cash ring-fenced in the Group's Chinese subsidiaries and includes £37.5m
in 95-day notice deposit accounts,

*** Scope 1 & 2 emissions.

STRATEGIC REPORT
4 Highlights

2 Victrex at a glance

4 Our markets and megatrends

6 COVID-19

7 Our investment case

8 Chairman's review

10 Our business model

12. Strategy

14 Overview of strategy

18 Stakeholder engagement and section 172
21 Strategy and key performance indicators
23 Financial review

29 Chief Commercial Officer's report

33 Risk management

35. Principal risks

39 Going concern and viability statement

42. Sustainability report

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

64 Introduction from the Chairman

66 Board of Directors

68 Statement of corporate governance

81 Nominations Committee report

84 Audit Committee report

90 Directors’ remuneration report

110 Directors’ report - other statutory
information

114 Statement of Directors’ responsibilities
in respect of the financial statements

115 Independent auditors’ report

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
121 Consolidated income statement
122 Consolidated statement
of comprehensive income
123 Balance sheets
124 Cash flow statements
125 Consolidated statement
of changes in equity
126 Company statement of changes in equity
127 Notes to the financial statements

SHAREHOLDER INFORMATION

161 Five-year financial summary

162 Cautionary note regarding
forward-looking statements

163 Notice of Annual General Meeting

167 Explanatory notes

171 Financial calendar

172 Advisors

Victrex ple
Annual Report 2021

STRATEGIC REPORT

Victrex at a glance

OUR STRATEGY: POLYMER & PARTS

Victrex is headquartered in the UK, with technical and support facilities across
our major geographical markets, giving us global reach for our customers.

800+ 25% 3x <5%-6%

of products defined CO, saved through
employees as green (FTSE Russell Aerospace sales of sales invested
globally Green Revenues vs our own CO, in R&D?
Index) emissions'

Victrex solutions are found across a range of applications.

AEROSPACE ENERGY & INDUSTRIAL
20,000+ 75m+
aircraft flying with Victrex™ PEEK seal
Victrex solutions rings in use today
AUTOMOTIVE MEDICAL

Victrex™ PEEK implanted devices

applications in cars

ELECTRONICS

Abn+

mobile devices using
Aptiv™ film

Note: Source data available on request.
1. Based on Scope 1 and 2 emissions, IATA 2018 metrics.
2 Alternative performance measures are defined in note 24.

2 Victrex ple
Annual Report 2021

OUR
STRATEGIC
ROADMAP

To bring
transformational and
sustainable solutions that
address world material
challenges every day

> Read more on page 42

Purpose

Strategic imperatives

Drive
Differentiate

Create and deliver Driving results

Underpin Working together
Passion > Read more Doing the right thing
Innovation on page 16 Continuously improving
Performance Focusing on our customers
> Read more on page 9 > Read more on page 78
Values Behaviours

Our sustainability pillars

Our sustainable products Maximise resource efficiency Enhance inclusion and diversity,
provide clear environmental across the value chain support local communities and
and societal benefits inspire STEM based careers
> Read more on page 42 > Read more on page 42 > Read more on page 42
Culture
Safety & accountability Innovation Service for customers Delivering with speed
Victrex ple

Annual Report 2021

180d3¥ JIDILVULS |

STRATEGIC REPORT

Our markets and megatrends

SIZEABLE AND SUSTAINABLE
GROWTH OPPORTUNITIES

With long-term megatrends in our favour and sustainable products, we have
a strong and diverse mix of growth opportunities across our key markets.

END MARKETS MARKET OPPORTUNITY

INDUSTRIAL

MEDICAL

new passenger and
39,000 BieSre etn.

Source: Airbus.

Aerospace
PEEK/car average (increase from current 10g

>] O Og over long term (Victrex internal aspiration)
Automotive

2 1 internet of tomorrow

NA devices by 2025
. Source: Norton,

Electronics

1 % global increase every year in
{o)

annual energy needs by 2040

Source: IEA.

Energy & Industrial

Vision to treat a patient with Invibio solutions every

seconds by 2027
1 5-2 O (Victrex internal aspiration)

Medical

Victrex ple
Annual Report 2021

MEGATRENDS

Fly lighter

> Lighter weight and CO, reduction trends

with more efficient manufacturing
using PEEK, PAEK and composites

mean fuel saving ~ a strategic imperative

for the Aerospace industry.

> Opportunities to support reduction
of OEM backlogs through volume
production/quicker processing.

CO, reduction and durability

~ Fuel efficiency, CO, reduction, safety
and reliability improvements resulting
from consumer and regulatory
trends, Transition from internal
combustion engines (‘ICE’)
to electric vehicles (‘EVs’).

Thinner, smaller, smarter

> The need for instant access to
communication and information
‘on the move is driving trends
for mobile devices.

Natural resource depletion
and cleaner energy
> Increasing demand for and depletion

of existing resources drive exploration
into uncharted territory,

> More efficient manufacturing
processes create more data
and connectivity requirements
in Industrial end-markets.

CONSEQUENCES

Weight, cost reduction

and fuel efficiency

> Weight, cost reduction and
improved fuel efficiency are
primary strategic drivers for
the Aerospace industry.

Emissions reduction

design challenges

> Energy efficiency, comfort,
heat resistance and durability
are primary strategic imperatives
for the Automotive industry.

Energy and thermal

management benefits

~ Increased functionality and
miniaturisation create challenges
for mobile device performance
as well as energy and
thermal management.

Extreme environments

> Deeper, hotter, higher pressure and
chemically aggressive wells must
be tapped to reach new reserves,
requiring more durable materials.

~ Evaluation of higher performance
materials in manufacturing,
including in the food industry
and in renewable energy.

Ageing global population

> People are living longer and have
a strong desire to maintain their
quality of life in their later years.

Joint replacement

and pain management

> Extended life expectancy results in
an increasing need to replace worn
out body parts or to alleviate pain
in order to resume normal activities.
Long-term demand for new solutions
in core markets, such as Spine, and
in emerging markets, such as Knee,
Trauma and Dental, remains strong.

Visit www.victrexplc.com to see how we are
shaping future performance in our markets

OUR CHALLENGES AND OPPORTUNITIES

Lightweight metal replacement

> Victrex™ PEEK helps Aerospace
lightweighting via metal replacement
and is a key part of driving improved
fuel efficiency and reduced emissions

> Our materials can also provide more
efficient manufacturing.

Lightweight metal replacement

> Victrex™ PEEK enables lightweighting and
reliability via metal replacement and can support
meeting the complex challenges of next
generation Automotive powertrain technology.

> ABS braking systems, gears and transmission
systems are key application areas. Next
generation EVs offer an emerging
opportunity.

jh durability, thin film technology

~ Victrex materials, such as PEEK resin,
PEEK blends and our Aptiv” acoustic film
technology, create design opportunities by
virtue of their durability in today’s thinner, ~~
smaller, smarter mobile devices.

Recover more

= Reliable and high yield operations are enabled
using VICTREX™ PEEK based solutions in
exploration and production tooling.

+ Tailored solutions for industrial markets,
including Victrex™ PEEK FG, a food
grade polymer.

High performance solutions

providing societal benefits

> Invibio provides solutions for the Medical
market that can be used in a minimally
invasive manner, helping to enhance clinical
benefits. Our solutions are also being
developed or are in early commercialisation
for Dental, Trauma and Knee.

Victrex ple
Annual Report 2021

140d3¥ JIDFLVULS |

STRATEGIC REPORT

COVID-19

NAVIGATING THROUGH
THE IMPACT OF COVID-19

Asa global business, Victrex has navigated through COVID-19 proactively, with a solid and sustainable recovery
following the impact seen in our 2020 financial year.

Throughout the COVID-19 pandemic, Victrex played a key role in many supply chains, for example in Medical,
and to support local communities and health organisations across multiple geographies, particularly those close
to where we operate. Whilst the COVID-19 situation varies by region, with Return to Site progressed for the
majority of our global employees, we continue to maintain effective communication, guidance and support for
our employees; regular dialogue with our customers and suppliers; engagement with our communities, regulators
and governments; and a robust financial position.

SOLID RECOVERY FROM COVID-19:
~ Trading performance: volumes +25% vs FY 2020 > Supply chain: >90% On Time In Full (‘OTIF’) delivery for customers

> Employee homeworking: c80% of global regions commenced through FY 2021

Return to Site, supported by flexible working policy

OUR
CUSTOMERS
AND
SUPPLIERS

> Safety, health and wellbeing > CEO bi-weekly guidance
our highest priority communications and
Q8A sessions

> Continued strong service > Victrex is a signatory to
levels for customers (>90% the Prompt Payment Code

> Vaccination and travel OTIF throughout FY 2021) —_for suppliers
policies in place > Appropriate global
inventories, c10 weeks’

sales stocks held

OUR
FINANCIAL

OUR

STAKEHOLDERS

+ Multiple global community > Peer group, regulator and
programmes with over 3,559 governmental collaboration

employee hours committed via Chemical Industry
in FY 2021 Association and UK and

e vernmen
> Significant PPE donated Overseas gavemments
to hospitals and care
organisations

POSITION

~ Strong cash generation > Special dividend of 50p/
with FY 2021 available cash share declared
£99,9m (FY 2020: £73.0M) , Cormmitted £20m RCF

~ Returned to pre-COVID-19 and £20m accordion
dividend levels

> For further information on how we consider all stakeholder interests and engage with our stakeholders, see our section 172

statement on pages 18 to 20 and pages 78 and 79

Victrex ple
Annual Report 2021

Our investment case

STRONG LONG-TERM
GROWTH OPPORTUNITIES

We bring transformational and sustainable solutions which address world material

challenges every day.

~
An innovative world leader:
building the PEEK/PAEK market
PEEK expert Group revenue from sustainable products with
environmental and societal benefits by 2030

> Read more online www.victrexplc.com > Financial review Pages 23 to 28

X S
Proportion of R&D project based (“strong pipeline of medium to
investment to support sustainable long-term growth opportunities
products bringing environmental
& societal benefit 7
88 Yo mega-programmes
(based on project based R&D expenditure)
> Our markets and megatrends Pages 4 and 5 > Our markets and megatrends Pages 4 and 5
Sector leading returns Highly cash-generative

business model
c20% £99.9m
5-year average return on capital employed available cash
(‘ROCE’)'
> Financial review Pages 23 to 28 > Our business model Pages 10 and 11
1 Alternative performance measures are defined in note 24.
Victrex ple

Annual Report 2021

140d3¥ JIDFLVULS |

STRATEGIC REPORT

Chairman's review

Revenue from sustainable
products by 2025

>50%

With a solid and sustainable recovery from the impact

of COVID-19, Victrex’s long-term opportunities remain

Carbon net zero goal

2030

Larry Pentz

Chairman

strong, with our transformational and sustainable
solutions helping to address the world’s material
and environmental challenges.

BRINGING TRANSFORMATIONAL

& SUSTAINABLE SOLUTIONS WHICH
ADDRESS THE WORLD'S MATERIAL
CHALLENGES EVERY DAY

Following the impact on the Group during
FY 2020 from COVID-19, | am pleased to
inform shareholders that we have seen a
solid and sustainable recovery during FY
2021 and our long-term growth
opportunities remain strong.

The cost actions we implemented in FY 2020
helped establish 2 solid platform to navigate our
business through the challenges of COVID-19,
and consequently our high customer service
levels and innovation for customers have
resulted in a strong trading performance
this year and strong cash generation.

Strategy

ur Polymer & Parts strategy and a focus on
growth markets and long-term opportunities
also remain strong. Our strategy involves
differentiating against our competitors
through being focused on existing and new
applications in the PEEK & PAK polymer
space, through developing new polymer
grades and product forms, including
composites, and through building new
markets in ‘parts’ alongside our core
polymer offering. We will continue to assess
how we can accelerate our strategy, to drive
‘our long-term growth prospects, and to make
us more resilient and more differentiated,

Our purpose

AS a sustainable business bringing
transformational and sustainable solutions
which address the world’s material and
environmental challenges, Victrex works
across its markets and with customers to

Victrex ple
Annual Report 2021

deliver solutions and performance benefits
against incumbent materials, typically metal
As the no.1 PEEK expert, Victrex is pioneering
the market for the use of PEEK & PAEK
polymers. Whilst our current sales are still
largely derived from core polymer materials
or product forms, Victrex’s differentiated
offering to customers is built on much more
than just having the capacity to manufacture
polymers. Our technical service, application
development capability, regulatory support,
Research & Development and innovation
credentials are key strengths which have
served us well, and will continue to do so.
Moving downstream into new and selected
semi-finished and finished products (‘parts’),
and protecting our intellectual property
through know-how and patents, will enable
Victrex to capture a higher value share from
each application and deliver continued
strong returns for our shareholders.

Sustainability — products
supporting environmental

and societal benefits

Sustainability is integral to our business
model and our purpose, with the
lightweight, environmental and recycling
credentials of our materials and alignment
with global megatrends continuing to keep
us well positioned to bring environmental
and societal benefits to our customers and
society, for example in supporting CO,
reduction in Aerospace and Automotive,
as well as clinical benefits for patients. This
year we invested approximately 88% of our
project based R&D investment on

sustainable products or programmes. As an
example, based on long-term build forecasts
from major Aerospace manufacturers, if all
single aisle planes were built using >50%
PEEK composites, a 50 million tonne CO,
saving could be achieved over the next 1S
years. Our sustainability strategy and focus
‘on three main areas - sustainable solutions,
resource efficiency and social responsibility
= was enhanced last year, with a clear vision
to become carbon net zero by 2030

and alignment to the UN Sustainable
Development Goals. This includes targets
around sustainable products, building on
the recognition we already enjoy from the
likes of FTSE Russell in its Green Revenues
Index. We have also added further
disclosures in our Sustainability report,

with further detail on pages 42 to 63. This
includes our commitment to SBTi ~ as part
of our commitment to a science based
emissions reduction target and our
preparations for TCFD reporting,

which will start in FY 2022.

Results

With a solid recovery evident from the

first half year, Group revenue of £306.3m
was 15% up on the prior year (FY 2020:
£266.0m). Underlying Group profit before
tax (‘PBT’) of £91.7m (FY 2020: £75.Sm) was
up 21%, with reported Group PBT of £92.51
(FY 2020: £63.5m) up 46%. Earnings per
share of 84.3p was up 35% (FY 2020: 62.6p).

Investment for growth

Our investment in innovation and technical
excellence remains a key differentiator for
Victrex, with R&D expenditure of £15.5m (FY
2020: £16.7m) representing approximately 5%
‘of Group revenue. Much of this investment is
in development activity, helping to create
new applications which use our PEEK polymers.
M&A and partnerships remain key options for
Victrex in supporting our growth programmes.

Our China manufacturing subsidiary remained
the key focus for capital investment in FY 2021,
following the formation — with our Chinese
partner Yingkou Xingfu in FY 2020 - of a
manufacturing subsidiary to support the
development of a new PEEK manufacturing
facility which will underpin significant growth
‘opportunities in Greater China. The facility is on
track to be commissioned by 2022, eventually
being able to produce up to 1,500 tonnes of
PEEK and PAEK, expanding our portfolio of
grades. The total capital cost is expected to
exceed our originally announced cost of £32m,
primarily reflecting the limitations on engineering
support accessibility into China during the
COVID-19 pandemic. We also see some
additional opportunity for investment in capability
within China, enabling us to benefit from the
“Made in China 2025’ initiative by the Chinese
government. Overall capital expenditure for
the Group was £41.9m (FY 2020: £24.9m).

Highly cash-generative

business model

Our highly cash-generative business model
supports investment for growth and appropriate
returns to shareholders, With stronger trading
and the unwind of inventories which supported
the Brexit transition, the Group's available
closing cash and cash equivalents balance
reached £99.9m this year (FY 2020: £73.1m),
with no debt. Operating cash conversion’
was 100% (FY 2020: 101%).

Dividends

The Board's capital allocation policy focuses
on growth investment - whether organic or
through M&A - first, whilst supporting a
regular dividend and the potential of
incremental returns for shareholders via a
special dividend. This retains our flexibility to
invest in downstream manufacturing, M&A.
and polymer capacity expansion. Our intention
is to grow the regular dividend in line with EPS,
whilst also offering the opportunity of a special
dividend where possible, subject to a minimum
of SOp/share. We believe this policy offers good
medium-term opportunities for shareholder
returns. Our regular dividend seeks to maintain
cover at or around 2x. With basic earnings per
share up 35%, the Group is proposing to
increase the final dividend to 46.14p/share.
Total regular dividends for the year will be
59.56p/share (FY 2020: 46.14p). Underlying
dividend covert is at 1.4x (FY 2020: 1.6x). The
Board has also proposed a special dividend of
SOp/share with the Group's cash and cash
equivalents balance at 30 September 2021

exceeding the £85m threshold, which reflects
the Group's cash generation during a period of
higher capital investment in additional capacity
and capability.

Governance and the Board

Our Board composition remained stable

this year. Ros Rivaz completed her first full
financial year since joining the Board in

May 2020 as Senior Independent Director.
The search process for a new Chair and

my successor was concluded with the
announcement in September 2021 of

Dr Vivienne Cox as Chair. As previously
announced, ! will step down from the Board
after 13 years and as Chair after 7 years at
the 2022 Annual General Meeting. It has
been a privilege to serve as your Chair and
as a non-executive Director for this great
company and | look forward to seeing further
progress in the years ahead. Our CFO, Richard
Armitage, also announced his intention to
depart for a role with Morgan Advanced
‘Materials plc. A search process is underway
and we wish him well.

ur governance at and below Board level
remains strong. We also have a strong focus
on diversity and inclusion. As an example,

our Board is now 40% female. We are also
targeting 40% of our leadership group (top
two grades) to be female by 2030. During the
year the executive Directors have managed the
business with support from a broader range of
senior managers as part of the Victrex
Management Team (VT), two of whom are
female. We also saw several changes to our
\VMT during FY 2021. More detail about its
members and how it operates is shown on
pages 76 and 77.

Safety - our highest priority
Within our manufacturing operations and
elsewhere across our business, we have an
unwavering safety focus across our global
teams, which continues to drive the market
‘opportunities for our polymers, whether at
commercial, marketing, technical or support
services level. We are now aligned to US
OSHA safety based metrics, with our
recordable injury frequency rate improving to
0.71, better than the industry average of 1.9.
Construction of our manufacturing subsidiary
in China also recorded over 500,000 hours
with no recordable injuries during the year.
Our aspiration is for a Zero Accidents, Zero
Incidents culture, with a number of employee
‘campaigns supporting this goal.

People & stakeholders

The challenges of COVID-19 continued to
impact on all of our global employees during
the year. The ability of our employees, our
teams and indeed our whole business to
respond in support of our customers was
extremely well received, with high service
levels. On behalf of the Board | would like

to thank each and every one of Victrex’s
employees for their continued contribution.

We saw a solid and sustainable recovery from
the economic impact of COVID-19 and our
employees will share in our All-Employee
Bonus Scheme, an important tool in retention
and recruitment

Victrex continues to have an active stakeholder
engagement programme, both internally with
‘our employees and externally in the communities
where we operate, including supporting STEM
subjects to help those considering careers built
on science and innovation. 49 apprentices are
currently with us, demonstrating our support
and commitment for the next generation of
employees. Employee volunteering was strong
again, with 3,559 employee hours supporting
local communities this year, helping us exceed
our original cumulative 10,000 hours by 2023
target. Our training investment has also

yielded good results, supporting many of our
employees in gaining awards and additional
qualifications. We are also focused on diversity
and inclusion through our Gender Pay and
Group Inclusion, Diversity & Equal Opportunities
Policy, details of which can be found on pages
59 to 61 of the Sustainability report. Our
stakeholder engagement programme can

be found on pages 18 and 19.

Values and culture

Our values of Passion, Innovation and
Performance have, | believe, seen us respond
well as individuals and as an organisation
through these unprecedented times. Whilst our
Return to Site in most global regions has started
= supported by flexible working — we were able
to use our values to do the right thing for
ourselves, our teams and our Company. Our
culture of innovation, service for customers
and delivering with speed underpinned by
safety and accountability is central to our
ability to commercialise our future opportunities
and sustain Victrex into the future.

Outlook

For FY 2022, at this early stage, our
assumptions are for year on year progress

in full year sales volumes, with several end
markets expected to see further recovery,
including in Medical, which will support our
sales mix. In addition to a sizeable currency
headwind, like most industrial companies, we
are facing increased raw material and energy
costs, which will impact us particularly in the
first half, although mitigation plans are
progressing. We will increase our investment
in innovation, and will start to incur
commissioning costs in relation to our new:
China facility, although better asset utilisation
should support our margin. Overall, we plan
to deliver year on year growth in FY 2022.

Larry Pentz
Chairman
6 December 2021

1 Alternative performance measures are defined
in note 24.

Victrex ple
Annual Report 2021

140434 DIDALVYLS |

STRATEGIC REPORT

Our business model

Who we are OBJECTIVE

An innovative world leader in high
performance polymer solutions,
focused on the strategic markets
of Automotive, Aerospace, Energy
& Industrial, Electronics and
Medical. Every day, millions of
people use sustainable products
and applications which contain
our materials — from smartphones,
aeroplanes and cars to oil & gas

Focus on the
megatrends

We employ a rigorous Strategic Market Assessment process to identify those
markets with characteristics that support the opportunity for significant
growth in the adoption of PEEK. Those megatrends can be environmental,
economic, demographic or commercial and are set out on pages 4 and 5.
The process then identifies specific sub-sectors where PEEK’s unique
c