BETA Close X Victrex plc has updated its financial calendar following its preliminary results announcement, with key dates including an ex-dividend date of 29 January 2026, a record date of 30 January 2026, and the AGM on 6 February 2026, leading to the final dividend payment on 27 February 2026. The company also scheduled the announcement of its half-year results for May 2026, with the interim dividend to be paid in June or July 2026. Disclaimer* Victrex PLC 04 December 2025 4 December 2025 Victrex plc FINANCIAL CALENDAR Victrex plc is an innovative world leader in high performance polymers, delivering sustainable products which enable environmental and societal benefit across aerospace, automotive, electronics, energy & industrial and medical. Further to the Group's Preliminary Results announcement on 2 December 2025, the Group confirms the updated and corrected Financial Calendar, as follows: Ex dividend date 29 January 2026 Record date# 30 January 2026 AGM 6 February 2026 Payment of final dividend 27 February 2026 Announcement of half year results May 2026 Payment of interim dividend June/July 2026 # The date by which shareholders must be recorded on the share register to receive the dividend About Victrex: Victrex is an innovative world leader in high performance polymer solutions, focused on the strategic markets of automotive, aerospace, energy & industrial, electronics and medical. Every day, millions of people use products and applications which contain our sustainable materials - from smartphones, aeroplanes and cars to energy production and medical devices. With over 40 years' experience, we develop world leading solutions in PEEK and PAEK based polymers, semi-finished and finished parts which shape future performance for our customers and our markets, enable environmental and societal benefits, and drive value for our shareholders. Find out more at www.victrexplc.com . Victrex plc: Andrew Hanson, Director of Investor Relations, Corporate Communications & ESG +44 (0) 7809 595831 Ian Melling, Chief Financial Officer +44 (0) 1253 897700 Jakob Sigurdsson, Chief Executive +44 (0) 1253 897700 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Victrex plc (VCT) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 4 hours ago Greggs 4 hours ago Greggs 5 hours ago Fuller Smith & Turner 5 hours ago CLS Holdings 5 hours ago Rolls-Royce Holdings All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and