BETA Close X Victrex plc has announced a positive pre-close trading update, now expecting full-year 2026 underlying profit before tax to be between £45 million and £47 million, exceeding prior guidance of £42 million to £44 million due to strong fourth-quarter momentum driven by Aerospace, Value Added Resellers, and Electronics, with growth across all regions, particularly Asia Pacific. The company also completed the divestment of its US-based Kleiss Gears business for an exceptional loss on disposal of approximately £3 million, reflecting a focused strategy on core operations, and has implemented a 10% headcount reduction expected to yield at least £10 million in annualised savings from its Profit Improvement Plan in FY 2027. Disclaimer* Victrex PLC 09 September 2026 9 September 2026 THIS ANNOUNCEMENT CONTAINS INSIDE INFORMATION Victrex plc ("Victrex" "Company " or the "Group") Pre-Close Trading Update Underlying PBT now expected to be in the range of £ 45m to £47m, ahead of prior guidance of £42m to £44m Victrex plc, the innovative global leader in high-performance polymer solutions, today announces a pre-close trading update for the year ending 30 September 2026. FY26 Trading Performance Since our Q3 trading update on 7 July 2026, strong momentum has continued into Q4, with year-on-year growth across our end markets driven by Aerospace, Value Added Resellers and Electronics. We are also seeing good growth across all regions, with particularly strong growth in Asia Pacific. The previously announced 10% reduction in our headcount has been completed, with the initial benefits being seen during Q4 and contributing to at least £10m of annualised savings from our wider Profit Improvement Plan expected to be delivered in FY 2027. The Board now expects FY 2026 underlying PBT to be in the range of £45m to £47m, ahead of prior guidance of £42m to £44m. Strategic Progress On 7 August 2026 we completed the divestment of our US-based Kleiss Gears business to The Heico Companies' Industrial Technologies Group. Kleiss Gears is a highly specialised parts manufacturing business based in Grantsburg, Wisconsin. Following the successful seeding of the PEEK gears market using the expertise acquired with Kleiss Gears, the assets and expertise at Kleiss are no longer a key component of our strategy, with the divestment of this business reflecting our disciplined focus on core operations. For the FY 2026 results we will record an exceptional loss on disposal of approximately £ 3 m. Interim CFO Appointment We are pleased to announce that Chris Gilbert has joined as the Group's Interim Chief Financial Officer on 1 September 2026. Chris brings extensive sector experience, including at Elementis plc, as well as proven capability of delivering large-scale finance transformation projects with Deloitte LLP. As this is an interim appointment, Chris will not be appointed as a Director or join the Board of the Company. Dr James Routh, Chief Executive Officer of Victrex, said: "We have maintained our strong momentum during Q4, with revenue growth driven by improved performance across key end markets and all regions. As a result, we now expect full year underlying PBT for FY 2026 to be ahead of our prior guidance. "We look forward to providing further detail on our compelling growth strategy and clear and differentiated value proposition during our Capital Markets Event later this month [1] ." This announcement contains inside information for the purposes of Article 7 of the Market Abuse Regulation. The person responsible for arranging the release of this announcement on behalf of Victrex is Kerry Thornton, Company Secretary. Enquiries: Victrex plc: Stephen Lamacraft, Investor Relations, stephen.lamacraft@victrex.com +44 (0) 7776 433916 Dr. James Routh, CEO, james.routh@victrex.com +44 (0) 1253 897700 Corporate brokers Chris Baird, Chris.Baird@investec.com Ben Lawrence, ben.lawrence@investec.com Alia Malik, alia.malik@jpmorgan.com Charlie Oakes, charles.x.oakes@jpmorgancazenove.com About Victrex: Victrex is an innovative world leader in high-performance polymer solutions, focused on the strategic markets of Automotive, Aerospace, Energy & Industrial, Electronics and Medical. Every day, millions of people rely on products or applications which contain our sustainable materials, from smartphones, aeroplanes and cars to energy operations and medical devices. With over 40 years' experience, we are moving beyond the polymer into semi-finished and finished products which shape future performance for our customers and our markets, enable environmental and societal benefit for our customers and drive value for our shareholders. Find out more at www.victrexplc.com [1] Capital Markets Event ('Unlocking Victrex's Potential') on 24 September, 3.00pm-6.00pm UK time; 30 Gresham Street, London EC2V 7QP. To register to attend please contact InvestorRelations@Victrex.com This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Victrex plc (VCT) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 hour ago Spirax Group plc 1 hour ago RentGuarantor Holdings PLC 1 hour ago Rosebank Industries Plc 1 hour ago Chesnara 1 hour ago Gran Tierra Energy Inc. (CDI) All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and