BETA Close X Victrex plc announced the appointment of Peter Kiernan and Maria Antoniou as non-executive directors, effective March 1, 2026, and September 1, 2026, respectively. Peter Kiernan will also succeed David Thomas as Chair of the Audit Committee on July 1, 2026, as David Thomas retires from the Board. Kiernan brings extensive financial expertise from his investment banking career, while Antoniou offers significant experience in international industrial companies and human resources leadership. These appointments are intended to support the company's strategy and financial performance, particularly its Profit Improvement Plan. Disclaimer* Victrex PLC 10 February 2026 10 February 2026 Victrex plc Directorate change Victrex appoints Peter Kiernan and Maria Antoniou as non-executive directors David Thomas to retire Victrex plc is an innovative world leader in high performance polymer solutions, delivering sustainable products which enable environmental and societal benefit in multiple end-markets . The Group is pleased to announce that Peter Kiernan and Maria Antoniou have been appointed as non-executive directors of the Board. Peter will join the Board effective from 1 March 2026. David Thomas, non-executive director and Chair of the Audit Committee, will retire from the Board on 1 July 2026, and Peter will succeed David as Chair of the Audit Committee from that date. Maria will join the Board on 1 September 2026. Commenting on the appointments: Dr Vivienne Cox DBE, Chair of Victrex, said: "I am delighted to welcome Peter and Maria to the Victrex Board. They both bring a wealth of non-executive and executive experience from relevant industries to support delivery of our strategy, to help unlock Victrex's potential and ultimately to improve our financial performance. "Peter brings non-executive experience and deep financial expertise from his long executive career in investment banking . With strong financial acumen, we look forward to Peter working with us as we execute our Profit Improvement Plan to underpin financial performance. "I am delighted that Maria will join us at a transitional time for Victrex. She brings significant non-executive and executive experience from a range of international industrial companies, all closely aligned to our end-markets. As an accomplished HR leader, Maria's experience combines governance and cultural oversight which will be invaluable to us as we adapt and change to help unlock Victrex's potential over the coming years." Career history: Peter Kiernan Peter Kiernan has significant experience in executive and non-executive roles. He had a 30 year career in investment banking with a focus on M&A and general corporate finance advice, including senior roles at S.G. Warburg/UBS, Goldman Sachs, Lazard and Hawkpoint Partners/Canaccord Genuity. He started his career at Peat, Marwick, Mitchell where he qualified as a Chartered Accountant. He holds an MA in Natural Sciences (Chemistry) from Cambridge University. Peter has held several advisory and non-executive positions. He currently holds senior advisory roles at Egon Zehnder and OMERS Private Equity (Europe). Prior non-executive roles include Tungsten Corporation, a public company where he was Audit Committee Chair and Senior Independent Director, Lifeways Group, a private equity owned business where he was Audit Committee Chair and Chair, and Business LDN where he was Chair of the Finance Committee. Maria Antoniou Maria Antoniou has extensive experience in both executive and non-executive roles within UK plc Boards. She is currently Chief Human Resources Officer at Morgan Advanced Materials plc and a non-executive director at FTSE 100 listed Spirax Group plc. Until last year she was a non-executive director of NATS (the National Air Traffic Service). Maria has a strong background in international industrial businesses, having worked in significant roles at Ford, Jaguar Land Rover and E.ON. Her experience spans across various sectors, including automotive, energy, and advanced materials, which gives her a comprehensive understanding of the challenges and opportunities within industries aligned to Victrex's end-markets. There is no further information to be disclosed under UK Listing Rule 6.4.8R. Enquiries: Victrex plc: Andrew Hanson, Director of Investor Relations & Corporate Communications +44 (0) 1253 898121 +44 (0) 7809 595831 About Victrex: Victrex is an innovative world leader in high performance polymer solutions, focused on the strategic markets of Automotive, Aerospace, Energy & Industrial, Electronics and Medical. Every day, millions of people rely on products or applications which contain our sustainable materials, from smartphones, aeroplanes and cars to energy operations and medical devices. With over 40 years' experience, we are moving beyond the polymer into semi-finished and finished products which shape future performance for our customers and our markets, enable environmental and societal benefit for our customers and drive value for our shareholders. Find out more at www.victrexplc.com This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Victrex plc (VCT) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 39 minutes ago Greggs 40 minutes ago Greggs 1 hour ago Fuller Smith & Turner 1 hour ago CLS Holdings 1 hour ago Rolls-Royce Holdings All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and