Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 39 ITEM 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 88 ITEM 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 93 ITEM 9. Changes in and Disagreements w ith Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 93 ITEM 9A. Controls and Procedures 93 ITEM 9B. Other Information 93 ITEM 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 93 PART III ITEM 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 94 ITEM 11. Executive Compensation 94 ITEM 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 94 ITEM 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence 95 ITEM 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 95 PART IV ITEM 15. Exhibits, Financial Statements Schedules 96 ITEM 16. Form 10-K Summary 102 SIGNATURES 102 INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS F-2 1 Table of Contents PART I ITEM 1. Business General Chubb Limited is the holding company of the Chubb Group of Companies. Chubb Limited, which is headquartered in Zurich, Switzerland, and its direct and indirect subsidiaries (collectively, the Chubb Group of Companies, Chubb, we, us, or our) are a global insurance and reinsurance organization, serving the needs of a diverse group of clients worldwide. At December 31, 2024, we had total assets of $247 billion and total Chubb shareholders’ equity, which excludes noncontrolling interests, of $64 billion. Chubb was incorporated in 1985 at which time it opened its first business office in Bermuda and continues to maintain operations in Bermuda. We have grown our business through increased premium volume, expansio n of product offerings and geographic reach, and the acquisition of other companies, to become a global property and casualty (P&C) leader. We expanded our personal accident and supplemental health (A&H), and life insurance business with the acquisition of Cigna's business in several Asian markets in 2022. We further advanced our goal of greater product, customer, and geographical diversification with incremental purchases that led to a controlling majority interest in Huatai Insurance Group Co. Ltd (Huatai Group), a Chinese financial services holding company with separate P&C, life, and asset management subsidiaries (collectively, Huatai) on July 1, 2023. At December 31, 2024, our ownership interest in Huatai Group was approximately 85.5 percent. Refer to Note 2 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on our acquisitions. With operations in 54 countries and territories, Chubb provides commercial and consumer P&C insurance, A&H, reinsurance, and life insurance to a diverse group of clients. We provide commercial insurance products and service offerings such as risk management programs, loss control, and engineering and complex claims management. We provide specialized insurance products ranging from Directors & Officers (D&O) and financial lines to various and umbrella and excess casualty lines to niche areas such as aviation and energy. We also offer consumer lines insurance coverage including homeowners, automobile, valuables, umbrella liability, and recreational marine products. In addition, we supply A&H and life insurance to individuals in select countries. We serve multinational corporations, and small businesses with property and casualty insurance and risk engineering services; affluent and high net worth individuals with substantial assets to protect; individuals purchasing life, personal accident, supplemental health, homeowners, automobile in certain international markets and for high net worth individuals in the U.S., and specialty personal insurance coverage; companies and affinity groups providing or offering accident and health insurance programs and life insurance to their employees or members; and insurers managing exposures with reinsurance coverage. We make available free of charge through our website (investors.chubb.com, under Financials) our annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports, if any, filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act as soon as reasonably practicable after they have been electronically filed with or furnished to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). Also available through our website (under Investor Relations / Corporate Governance) are our Corporate Governance Guidelines, Code of Conduct, and Charters for the Committees of the Board of Directors (the Board). Printed documents are available by contacting our Investor Relations Department (Telephone: +1 (212) 827-4445, E-mail: investorrelations@chubb.com). We also use our website as a means of disclosing material, information and for complying with our disclosure obligations under SEC Regulation FD (Fair Disclosure). Accordingly, investors should monitor the Investor Relations portion of our website, in addition to following our press releases, SEC filings, and public conference calls and webcasts. The information contained on, or that may be accessed through, our website is not incorporated by reference into, and is not a part of, this report. The SEC maintains an Internet site (www.sec.gov) that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file with the SEC. Customers For most commercial and personal lines of business we offer, insureds typically use the services of an insurance broker or agent. An insurance broker acts as an agent for the insureds, offering advice on the types and amount of insurance to purchase, and assists in the negotiation of price and terms and conditions. We obtain business from the local and major international insurance brokers and typically pay a commission to brokers for any business accepted and bound. Loss of all or a substantial portion of the business provided by one or more of these brokers could have a material adverse effect on our business. In our 2 Table of Contents PART I opinion, no material part of our business is dependent upon a single insured or group of insureds. We do not believe that the loss of any one insured would have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations. Competition Competition in the insurance and reinsurance marketplace is substantial. We compete on an international and regional basis with major U.S., Bermuda, European, and other international insurers and reinsurers and with underwriting syndicates, some of which have greater financial, technological, marketing, distribution and management resources than we do. In addition, capital market participants have created alternative products that are intended to compete with reinsurance products. We also compete with new companies and existing companies that move into the insurance and reinsurance markets. Competitors include other stock companies, mutual companies, alternative risk sharing groups (such as group captives and catastrophe pools), and other underwriting organizations. Competitors sell through various distribution channels and business models, across a broad array of product lines, and with a high level of variation regarding geographic, marketing, and customer segmentation. We compete for business not only on the basis of price but also on the basis of availability of coverage desired by customers and quality of service. We also compete in China for assets under management (AUM) with investment management firms, banks, and other financial institutions that offer products that are similar to those offered by Huatai's asset management companies. The insurance industry is changing rapidly. Our ability to compete is dependent on a number of factors, particularly our ability to maintain the appropriate financial strength ratings as assigned by independent rating agencies and effectively using digital capabilities, including the growth of new distribution models, in an everchanging competitive landscape and incorporating, among other things, climate and environmental changes into our insurance processes, products, and services. Our broad market capabilities in personal, commercial, specialty, and A&H lines made available by our underwriting expertise, business infrastructure, and global presence, help define our competitive advantage. Our superior claims service is a significant asset to our business, our business partners and customers, and is unique in the industry. Our strong balance sheet is attractive to businesses, and our strong capital position and global platform affords us opportunities for growth not available to smaller, less diversified insurance companies. Refer to “Segment Information” for competitive environment by segment. Trademarks and Trade Names Various trademarks and trade names we use protect names of certain products and services we offer and are important to the extent they provide goodwill and name recognition in the insurance industry. We use commercially reasonable efforts to protect these proprietary rights, including various trade secret and trademark laws. We intend to retain material trademark rights in perpetuity, so long as it satisfies the use and registration requirements of applicable countries. One or more of the trademarks and trade names could be material to our ability to sell our products and services. We have taken appropriate steps to protect our ownership of key names, and we believe it is unlikely that anyone would be able to prevent us from using names in places or circumstances material to our operations. Human Capital Management Global Workforce At Chubb, our employees are central to our commitment to deliver excellence in all we do, to provide exceptional service for our customers and business partners, and to be there when our customers need us most. We operate in 54 countries and territories and our global workforce of 43,000 employees is geographically dispersed with 39 percent in North America, 38 percent in Asia, 13 percent in Latin America and 10 percent in Europe, Eurasia, and Africa. The average age of our workforce is 41 years, and the average tenure is 7.4 years. Our success depends on diversity of opportunity and capability — our mix of products, our geographic reach, our presence across the world’s many cultures, and our effort and ability to attract, develop, and retain the very best talent, wherever we operate, without regard to color, gender, ethnicity, religion, sexual orientation or any other personal characteristic unrelated to work responsibilities. Chubb Culture Our culture supports a consistency in how we approach our business and how we work together in our company towards a common objective. We are clear about what it takes to succeed at Chubb — professionalism, skill and craftsmanship, and a commitment to execution excellence, both individually and as a team. We foster an environment where frank, yet respectful communication thrives, driven by a shared vision and pride that unites us for a greater good. We expect decisions about hiring, career opportunities, development, promotion, and compensation to be based on merit and free from bias related to individual differences. 3 Table of Contents Human Capital Management Measures We have multiple measures of human capital management, including how well we are doing in providing opportunity for everyone to succeed: • Women lead lines of business that account for 40 percent of our global premium, lead several of our key global functions (including Enterprise Risk Management, Operations and Technology, Human Resources and Communications) and hold about a third of our executive level manager roles, as well as more than 40 percent of the next most senior manager roles. • Our business leaders reflect the ethnic diversity of our global footprint. The most senior executives who lead the company’s largest businesses and functions come from Ecuador, Argentina, Australia, the U.K., Korea, Canada, China, Chile, South Africa, and the U.S. Within the U.S., nearly 20 percent of our executive level managers are racially diverse, as well as more than 27 percent of the next most senior managers. • Investing in opportunities for personal growth and development is a key to our success. These development opportunities help our employees gain exposure and experiences that empower them to grow and contribute and enable our leaders to be intentional in maximizing the potential of each team member. In 2024, over 8,000 employees participated in facilitated learning programs, and close to 3,500 colleagues engaged in programs designed to enhance cultural awareness and inclusion. • Our Business Roundtable groups, engagement committees, and inclusion councils strive to support and drive meaningful connections and a sense of belonging across Chubb. Their commitment not only enhances our workplace culture but also drives positive business outcomes. They exemplify Chubb’s culture through their passion, spirit of generosity and dedication to something bigger than themselves. • Chubb delivers market competitive compensation and benefits to its employees utilizing benchmarking support from consultants for an external perspective and leveraging analytical tools to monitor and ensure internal pay equity. As an example, Chubb’s 2023 and 2024 U.S. pay equity analysis determined that there was no racial or gender pay gap in Chubb’s U.S. employee population for employees in similar roles. Segment Information Chubb operates through six business segments: North America Commercial P&C Insurance, North America Personal P&C Insurance, North America Agricultural Insurance, Overseas General Insurance, Global Reinsurance, and Life Insurance. In 2024, consolidated net premiums earned (NPE) was $49.8 billion. On July 1, 2023, in connection with obtaining a controlling ownership interest in Huatai Group, we discontinued equity method accounting and applied consolidation accounting to our investment. Therefore, the business activity for, and the financial position of, Huatai Group is reported at 100 percent on the Consolidated Financial Statements as of that date. The relevant amounts attributable to shareholders other than Chubb are reflected under Noncontrolling interests. Huatai Group's life insurance and asset management businesses are included in the Life Insurance segment, and Huatai Group's P&C business is included in the Overseas General Insurance segment. Results for Huatai Group's operations, comprising real estate and holding company activity, are included in Corporate. Refer to Note 19 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information about our segments. North America Commercial P&C Insurance (40 percent of 2024 Consolidated NPE) Overview The North America Commercial P&C Insurance segment comprises operations that provide P&C and A&H insurance and services to large, middle market, and small commercial businesses in the U.S., Canada, and Bermuda. This segment includes: • Commercial Insurance (39 percent of this segment's 2024 NPE), which includes our retail division focused on middle market customers and small businesses • Major Accounts (38 percent of this segment's 2024 NPE), our retail division focused on large institutional organizations and corporate companies • Westchester (18 percent of this segment's 2024 NPE), our wholesale and specialty division • Chubb Bermuda (5 percent of this segment’s 2024 NPE), our high excess retail division Products and Distribution The Commercial Insurance operations provide a broad range of P&C, financial lines, and A&H products targeted to U.S and middle market customers in a variety of industries, while the Small Commercial operations provide a broad range of P&C, workers' compensation, small commercial management and professional liability for small businesses based in the U.S. • Commercial Insurance products and services offered include traditional P&C lines of business, including Package, which combines property and general liability, workers' compensation, automobile, umbrella; financial lines of business, including professional liability, management liability and cyber risk coverage; and other lines including environmental, A&H, and 4 Table of Contents international coverages. Commercial Insurance distributes its insurance products through a North American network of independent retail agents and regional, multinational and digital brokers. Generally, our customers purchase insurance through a single retail agent or broker, do not employ a risk management department, and do not retain significant risk through retentions. The majority of our customers purchase a Package product or a portfolio of products, which is a collection of insurance offerings designed to cover various needs. • Small Commercial Insurance products and services offered include property and casualty lines of business, including a business owner policy which contains property and general liability; financial l ines, including professional liability, management liability, and cyber risk coverage; and other lines including workers’ compensation, automobile liabilit y, and international coverages. Products are generally offered through a North American network of independent agents and retail brokers, as well as eTraditional, which are digital platforms where we electronically quote, bind, and issue for agents and brokers. An example of this is the Chubb Marketplace. Major Accounts provides a broad array of commercial lines of products and services, including traditional and specialty P&C, risk management, and A&H products to large U.S. and institutional organizations and corporate companies. Major Accounts distributes its insurance products primarily through a limited number of retail brokers. In addition to using brokers, certain products are also distributed through general agents, independent agents, managing general agents (MGA), managing general underwriters, alliances, affinity groups, and direct marketing operations. Products and services offered include property, professional liability, cyber risk, excess casualty, workers’ compensation, general liability, automobile liability, commercial marine, surety, environmental, construction, medical risk, inland marine, and A&H coverages, as well as claims and risk management products and services. The Major Accounts operations are organized into the following distinct business units, each offering specialized products and services targeted at specific markets: • Chubb Global Casualty offers a range of customized risk management primary casualty products designed to help large insureds, including national accounts, manage risk for workers’ compensation, general liability, and automobile liability coverages. Chubb Global Casualty also provides products which insure specific global operating risks of U.S.-based multinational companies and include deductible programs, captive programs, and paid or incurred loss retrospective plans. Within Chubb Global Casualty, Chubb Alternative Risk Solutions Group underwrites contractual indemnification policies which provide prospective coverage for loss events within the insured’s policy retention levels, and underwrites assumed loss portfolio transfer (LPT) contracts in which insured loss events have occurred prior to the inception of the contract. • Property provides products and services including primary, quota share and excess insurance, risk management programs and services, commercial, inland marine, and aerospace products. • Casualty provides coverages including umbrella and excess liability, environmental risk, casualty programs for commercial construction related projects for companies and institutions, medical risk specialty liability products for the healthcare industry, and casualty insurance solutions for commercial real estate. • Surety offers a wide variety of surety products and specializes in underwriting both commercial and contract bonds and has the capacity for bond issuance on an international basis. • Accident & Health (A&H) products are targeted to large corporate and affinity groups, and include employee benefit plans, occupational accident, student accident, and worldwide travel accident and global medical programs. With respect to products that include supplemental medical and hospital indemnity coverages, we typically pay fixed amounts for claims and are therefore insulated from rising healthcare costs. A&H also provides specialty consumer lines products, including credit card enhancement programs (identity theft, rental car collision damage waiver, trip travel, and purchase protection benefits). • Financial Lines provides management liability and professional liability (D&O and E&O), transactional risk, and cyber risk products to public companies as well as to private and organizations. • ESIS Inc. (ESIS) is an claims administrator that performs claims management and risk control services for domestic and international organizations as well as for the North America Commercial P&C Insurance segment. ESIS services include comprehensive medical managed care; integrated disability services; control and risk management; health, safety, and environmental consulting; salvage and subrogation; and healthcare recovery services. The net results for ESIS are included in North America Commercial P&C Insurance’s administrative expenses. Westchester is our wholesale and specialty division that serves the market for business risks that tend to be hard to place or not easily covered by traditional policies due to unique or complex exposures. Westchester provides specialty products for property, 5 Table of Contents casualty, environmental, professional liability, inland marine, product recall, small business, and pet insurance, with digital and program coverages in the U.S. Products are offered through the wholesale distribution channel. In 2024, Westchester expanded its operations through the acquisition of Healthy Paws Pet Insurance LLC, a managing general agent specializing in pet insurance, from Aon plc. Chubb has been the exclusive underwriter of Healthy Paws Pet Insurance LLC since 2013. Chubb Bermuda is our high excess retail division which provides commercial insurance products on an excess basis including excess liability, D&O, professional liability, property, and political risk, the latter being written by Sovereign Risk Insurance Ltd., a managing agent. Chubb Bermuda focuses on Fortune 1000 companies and targets risks that are generally low in frequency and high in severity. Products are offered primarily through the Bermuda offices of major, internationally recognized insurance brokers. Competitive Environment The Commercial Insurance operations compete against numerous insurance companies ranging from large national carriers to small and insurers who provide specialty coverages and standard P&C products. Recent competitive developments include the growth of new distribution models. Westchester competes against a number of large, national carriers as well as regional competitors and other entities offering risk alternatives such as retentions and captive programs, and also employs distribution. Chubb Bermuda competes against international commercial carriers writing business on an excess of loss basis. Major Accounts competes against a number of large, global carriers as well as regional competitors and other entities offering risk alternatives such as retentions and captive programs. The markets in which we compete are subject to significant cycles of fluctuating capacity and wide disparities in price adequacy. We pursue a specialist strategy and focus on market opportunities where we can compete effectively based on service levels and product design, while still achieving an adequate level of profitability. We also achieve a competitive advantage through Major Accounts’ innovative product offerings and our ability to provide multiple products to a single client due to our nationwide local presence. In addition, all our domestic commercial units are able to deliver global products and coverage to customers in concert with our Overseas General Insurance segment. North America Personal P&C Insurance (12 percent of 2024 Consolidated NPE) Overview The North America Personal P&C Insurance segment includes the business written by Chubb Personal Risk Services division, which includes personal lines business, with operations in the U.S. and Canada. This segment provides affluent and individuals and families with homeowners, high value automobile and collector cars, valuable articles (including fine arts), personal and excess liability/umbrella, travel insurance, cyber, and recreational marine insurance and services. Our homeowners business, including valuable articles, represented 69 percent of North America Personal P&C Insurance’s net premiums earned in 2024. Products and Distribution Chubb Personal Risk Services offers comprehensive personal insurance products and services to meet the evolving needs of families and individuals. Our seamless customer experience and superior coverage protect not only our clients’ most valuable possessions, but also their standard of living. Our target customers consist of consumers with insurance needs that typically extend beyond what mass market carriers can offer. These coverages are offered on both an admitted and excess and surplus lines basis through independent regional agents and brokers, as well as digital partnerships. Competitive Environment Chubb Personal Risk Services competes against insurance companies of varying sizes that sell personal lines products through various distribution channels, including retail agents as well as online distribution channels. We achieve a competitive advantage through our ability to address the specific needs of families and individuals, to provide superior service to our customers, and to develop and deploy digital production and processes. 6 Table of Contents North America Agricultural Insurance (5 percent of 2024 Consolidated NPE) Overview The North America Agricultural Insurance segment comprises our U.S. and Canadian based businesses that provide a variety of coverages including crop insurance, primarily Multiple Peril Crop Insurance (MPCI) and insurance through Rain and Hail Insurance Service, Inc. (Rain and Hail), as well as farm and ranch and specialty P&C commercial insurance products and services through our Chubb Agribusiness unit. Products and Distribution Rain and Hail provides comprehensive MPCI and insurance coverages. • MPCI is federally subsidized crop protection from numerous causes of loss, including drought, excessive moisture, freeze, disease and more. The MPCI program is offered in conjunction with the U.S. Department of Agriculture. MPCI products include revenue protection (defined as providing both commodity price and yield coverages), yield protection, margin protection, prevented planting coverage, and replant coverage. For additional information on our MPCI program, refer to “Crop Insurance” under Item 7. • coverage provides crop protection from damage caused by hail and/or fire, with options in some markets for other perils such as wind or theft. Coverage is provided on an basis and is available in the U.S. and in some parts of Canada. can be used in co njunction with MPCI or other comprehensive coverages to offset the deductible and provide protection up to the actual cash value of the crop. Chubb Agribusiness comprises Commercial Agribusiness and Farm and Ranch Agribusiness. • Commercial Agribusiness offers specialty P&C coverages for commercial companies that manufacture, process, and distribute agricultural products. Commercial products and services include property, general liability for premises/operations and product liability, commercial automobile, workers' compensation, employment practices liability coverage, coverage for premises pollution, cyber and information security, and product withdrawal. • Farm and Ranch Agribusiness offers an extensive line of coverages for farming operations from Hobby/Gentleman farms to complex corporate farms and equine services including personal use, boarding, and training. Coverages include farm and ranch structures, automobile and other vehicle coverages, and machinery and other equipment coverages. Competitive Environment Rain and Hail primarily operates in a federally regulated program where all approved providers offer the same product forms and rates through independent and/or captive agents. We seek a competitive advantage through our ability to provide superior service to our customers, including the development of digital solutions. Chubb Agribusiness competes against both national and regional competitors offering specialty P&C insurance coverages to companies that manufacture, process, and distribute agricultural products. Overseas General Insurance (27 percent of 2024 Consolidated NPE) Overview The Overseas General Insurance segment comprises our retail division Chubb International, which includes Huatai Property & Casualty Insurance Co., Ltd. (Huatai P&C), our wholesale division Chubb Global Markets (CGM), and the international supplemental A&H business of Combined International Insurance, which is no longer writing new business. Chubb International comprises our international retail commercial P&C and corporate A&H traditional and specialty lines serving large corporations, middle market and small customers; consumer A&H and traditional and specialty personal lines business serving local territories outside the U.S., Bermuda, and Canada. CGM, our international specialty and excess and surplus lines wholesale business, includes Lloyd's of London (Lloyd's) Syndicate 2488, a Chubb syndicate supported by funds at Lloyd’s provided by Chubb Corporate Members. Syndicate 2488 has an underwriting capacity of £630 million for the Lloyd’s 2025 account year. The syndicate is managed by Chubb’s Lloyd’s managing agency, Chubb Underwriting Agencies Limited. At December 31, 2024, our ownership interest in Huatai P&C was approximately 85.5 percent. Products and Distribution Chubb International maintains a presence in every major insurance market in the world and is organized geographically along product lines as follows: Europe, Middle East and Africa, Asia (including Huatai P&C), and Latin America. Products offered 7 Table of Contents include commercial P&C and corporate A&H lines, including specialty coverages and services, and consumer lines, including A&H and personal lines insurance products. Chubb International's P&C business is generally written, on both a direct and assumed basis, through major international, regional, and local brokers and agents. Certain branded products are also offered via platforms, allowing agents and brokers to quote, bind, and issue policies at their convenience. Huatai P&C provides a range of commercial and personal P&C products in China, including automobile, homeowners, property, professional liability, product liability, employer liability, business interruption, marine cargo, personal accident, supplemental health, and specialty risk. These products are marketed through various distribution channels including nearly 200 licensed sales locations in 28 Chinese provinces. Property insurance products include traditional commercial fire coverage, as well as energy , marine, construction, and other technical coverages. Principal casualty products are commercial primary and excess casualty, environmental, and general liability. A&H and other consumer lines products are distributed through brokers, agents, direct marketing programs, including thousands of telemarketers, and sponsor relationships. The A&H operations primarily offer personal accident and supplemental medical coverages including accidental death, business/holiday travel, specified disease, disability, medical and hospital indemnity, and income protection. We are not in the primary healthcare business. With respect to our supplemental medical and hospital indemnity products, we typically pay fixed amounts for claims and are therefore largely insulated from the direct impact of rising healthcare costs. Chubb International specialty coverages include D&O, professional indemnity, cyber, surety, aviation, political risk, and specialty personal lines products. Chubb International personal lines operations provide a wide range of consumer lines products to meet the needs of specific target markets around the world. Products include high net worth homes, traditional homeowners, automobile, and specialty products that cover smart phones, eyeglasses, and personal cyber risk. CGM offers products through its parallel distribution network via two legal entities, Chubb European Group SE (CEG) and Chubb Underwriting Agencies Limited, managing agent of Syndicate 2488. CGM uses the Syndicate to underwrite P&C business on a global basis through Lloyd's worldwide licenses. They also use CEG to underwrite similar classes, including in the U.S. where they are eligible to write excess and surplus lines business. Factors influencing the decision to place business with the Syndicate or CEG include licensing eligibilities and client/broker preference. CGM also has a presence outside London, in the U.S., Canada, Europe, Asia and Latin America, for certain specialty lines of business (political risk and trade credit as well as aviation) which are underwritten by local Chubb entities. All business underwritten by CGM is accessed through registered brokers, except for a limited number of direct relationships, where risks are written without an intermediary. The main lines of business include aviation, property, energy, marine, financial lines, cyber, political risk, and credit. Competitive Environment Chubb International's primary competitors include U.S.-based companies with glo bal operations, as well as .S. global carriers and indigenous companies in regional and local markets. Huatai P&C's primary competitors are insurers, including or government related entities. For the A&H and personal lines businesses, locally based competitors also include financial institutions and bank owned insurance subsidiaries. Our international operations have the distinct advantage of being part of one of the few international insurance groups with a global network of licensed companies able to write policies on a locally admitted basis. Our international operations also have the advantage of selling products through a variety of distribution channels including partnerships with major international, regional, and local brokers and agents. Additionally, as noted above, certain branded products are also offered via platforms. The principal competitive factors that affect the international operations are underwriting expertise and pricing, relative operating efficiency, product differentiation, producer relations, and the quality of policyholder services. A competitive strength of our international operations is our global network and breadth of insurance programs, which assist individuals and business organizations to meet their risk management objectives, while also having a significant presence in all of the countries in which we operate, giving us the advantage of accessing local technical expertise and regulatory environments, understanding local markets and culture, accomplishing a spread of risk, and offering a global network to service multinational accounts. CGM is one of the preeminent international specialty insurers in London and is an established lead underwriter on a significant portion of the risks it underwrites for all lines of business. All lines of business face competition, depending on the business class, from Lloyd's syndicates, other carriers operating in the London market, and other major international insurers and reinsurers. Competition for international risks is also seen from domestic insurers in the country of origin of the insured. CGM differentiates itself from competitors through long standing experience in its product lines, its multiple insurance entities (Syndicate 2488 and CEG), and the quality of its underwriting and claims service. 8 Table of Contents Global Reinsurance (3 percent of 2024 Consolidated NPE) Overview The Global Reinsurance segment represents Chubb's reinsurance operations comprising Chubb Tempest Re Bermuda, Chubb Tempest Re USA, Chubb Tempest Re International, and Chubb Tempest Re Canada. Global Reinsurance markets its reinsurance products worldwide primarily through reinsurance brokers under the Chubb Tempest Re brand name and provides a broad range of traditional and reinsurance coverage to a diverse array of primary P&C companies. Products and Distribution Global Reinsurance services clients globally through its major units. Major international brokers submit business to one or more of these units' underwriting teams who have built strong relationships with both key brokers and clients by providing a responsive, approach to risk assessment and pricing. Global Reinsurance’s diversified portfolio is produced through reinsurance intermediaries. Chubb Tempest Re Bermuda principally provides property catastrophe reinsurance to insurers of commercial and personal property. Property catastrophe reinsurance protects a ceding company against an accumulation of losses covered by its issued insurance policies, arising from a common event or occurrence. Chubb Tempest Re Bermuda underwrites reinsurance principally on an excess of loss basis, meaning that its exposure only arises after the ceding company's accumulated losses have exceeded the attachment point of the reinsurance treaty. Chubb Tempest Re Bermuda also writes other types of reinsurance on a limited basis for some select clients. Chubb Tempest Re USA offers an array of traditional and specialty P&C reinsurance for the North American market, principally on a treaty basis, with a focus on writing property and casualty reinsurance. Chubb Tempest Re USA underwrites reinsurance on both a proportional and excess of loss basis. Chubb Tempest Re International offers an array of traditional and specialty P&C reinsurance to insurance companies worldwide, with emphasis on .S. and risks, including but not limited to property, property catastrophe, casualty, and specialty. Chubb Tempest Re International underwrites reinsurance on both a proportional and excess of loss basis. Chubb Tempest Re Canada offers an array of traditional and specialty P&C reinsurance for the Canadian market, including but not limited to property, property catastrophe, casualty, and specialty. Chubb Tempest Re Canada underwrites reinsurance on both a proportional and excess of loss basis. Competitive Environment The Global Reinsurance segment competes worldwide with major U.S. and .S. reinsurers as well as reinsurance departments of numerous insurance organizations. In addition, capital markets participants have developed alternative capital sources intended to compete with traditional reinsurance. Government sponsored or backed catastrophe funds can also affect demand for reinsurance. Global Reinsurance is typically involved in the negotiation and quotation of the terms and conditions of the majority of the contracts in which it participates. Global Reinsurance competes effectively in P&C markets worldwide because of Chubb's strong capital position, analytical capabilities, experienced underwriting team and quality customer service. The key competitors in Global Reinsurance's markets vary by geographic region and product line. An advantage of Global Reinsurance's global platform is that it can change its mix of business in response to changes in competitive conditions in the territories in which it operates. Global Reinsurance's geographic reach is also sought by multinational ceding companies since its offices, except for Bermuda, provide local reinsurance license capabilities which benefit our clients in dealing with country regulators. 9 Table of Contents Life Insurance (13 percent of 2024 Consolidated NPE) Overview The Life Insurance segment comprises our international life operations (Chubb Life), which includes Huatai Life Insurance Co., Ltd. (Huatai Life), Chubb Tempest Life Re (Chubb Life Re), and the supplemental A&H and life business of Combined Insurance. Also included in the Life Insurance segment are Huatai’s asset management companies, principally Huatai Asset Management Co. Ltd and Huatai Baoxing Fund Management. At December 31, 2024, our direct and indirect ownership interest in Huatai Life was 88.2 percent, Huatai Asset Management Co. Ltd. was 77.8 percent, and Huatai Baoxing Fund Management was 72.7 percent. Insurance and asset management form an integral part of our China strategy to help customers with their protection and savings needs. Products and Distribution Chubb Life provides individual life, accident and health, and group benefit insurance primarily in Asia which accounts for 95 percent of Chubb Life net written premiums and deposits. Our Asia markets comprise South Korea, mainland China, Hong Kong, Taiwan, Thailand, Vietnam, New Zealand, Indonesia, and Myanmar. Outside of Asia, Chubb Life has a presence in Egypt and selectively in Latin America, with key markets being Chile, Brazil, Ecuador, and Mexico through a joint distribution model with Chubb Overseas General Insurance. Chubb Life offers a broad portfolio of protection and savings products including whole life, universal life, unit linked contracts, endowment plans, individual and group term life, dental, critical illness, dementia, hospital cash, personal accident, credit life and group employee benefits. The policies written by Chubb Life generally provide funds to beneficiaries of insureds upon death or insured event occurring and/or savings benefits while the contract owner is living in the case of savings products. Chubb Life earns income from both insurance contracts subject to mortality and morbidity risks and investment contracts not subject to insurance risks. Net investment income is a significant component of Segment income and is earned through strategic asset allocation based on asset liability matching and risk adjusted returns. Funds received from policyholders for investment contracts are not recorded as premium revenue, but rather as policyholder deposits with an offsetting policyholder account balance liability on the balance sheet. We earn income on investment contracts from both net investment spreads on policyholder account balances and fees for management and administrative services. These investment contracts are an important component of production. Chubb Life operates a multichannel distribution network enabling wider consumer reach. Our controlled distribution channels are a majority of net written premiums and include tied agency and telemarketing where we focus on recruiting, training and management of quality active distributors. Our captive agency distribution and telemarketing channels sell Chubb Life products exclusively and enable us to maintain direct contact with the retail consumer, promote quality sales practices, and generate better persistency. Independent brokers complement our agency channel, reaching a wider pool of mass affluent customers, especially in South Korea, Hong Kong and Taiwan. In China, Huatai Life has a network of over 300 branches across 20 provinces. Chubb Life growth is focused on maximizing opportunities in Asia, where we have market leading positions in direct marketing notably in South Korea, Taiwan and Indonesia. We intend to take advantage of rapid growth in our channels through tied and independent agents and selected bancassurance partnerships. These distribution channels generate operating profits that exceed our target returns on invested capital and are sustainable due to a large book. We are rapidly transforming our business digitally, leveraging our global data and artificial Intelligence assets to capitalize on digital partnership capabilities and our unique positioning as the leading composite insurer in Asia. Huatai Asset Management is licensed to manage institutional, pension, and retail mutual fund investments. Huatai asset management companies earn management and performance fees from the management of assets and also earn fees related to the origination, distribution and management of private loans on behalf of highly rated domestic institutions in China. Chubb Life Re's core business is a operation which provides reinsurance to primary life insurers, focusing on guarantees included in certain variable annuity products and also on more traditional mortality reinsurance protection. Chubb Life Re's U.S.-based traditional life reinsurance operation was discontinued for new business in January 2010. Since 2007 , Chubb Life Re has not quoted on new opportunities in the variable annuity reinsurance marketplace and our focus has been on managing the current portfolio of risk, both in the aggregate and on a contract basis. This business is ma naged with a perspective and net income volatility is expected. 10 Table of Contents Combined Insurance distributes specialty supplemental A&H and life insurance products targeted to consumers and businesses in the U.S. and Canada through both worksite and direct marketing sales. In the U.S., worksite products for mid and employers are distributed through Chubb Workplace Benefits and a strong broker network. Combined U.S. focuses on small to employers, Main Street brokers and individual sales. In Canada, the business goes to market as Combined Canada, focused primarily on individual sales. Combined Insurance's substantial sales force distributes a wide range of supplemental accident and sickness insurance products, including personal accident, disability, critical illness, Medicare supplement products, and hospital confinement/recovery. Most of these products are primarily benefit obligations and are not directly subject to escalating medical cost inflation. Competitive Environment Chubb Life's competition differs by location but generally includes multinational insurers, local insurers, joint ventures, and insurers. Chubb's financial strength and reputation as an entrepreneurial organization with a global presence and strong local management capabilities gives Chubb Life a strong base from which to compete and grow revenues. Combined Insurance competes for A&H business in the U.S. against numerous A&H and life insurance companies across various industry segments. In China, we also compete for assets under management (AUM) with investment management firms, banks, and other financial institutions that offer products that are similar to those offered by Huatai Group’s asset management companies. Corporate Corporate results primarily include results of all asbestos and environmental (A&E) exposures, the results of our Brandywine business, the results of Westchester specialty operations for 1996 and prior years, certain other exposures including molestation exposures, and income and expenses not attributable to reportable segments and the results of our companies. The operations do not actively sell insurance products, but are responsible for the management of existing policies and settlement of related claims. Effective July 1, 2023, Huatai Group’s operations results, comprising real estate and holding company activity, are included in Corporate. Our exposure to A&E, abuse or molestation claims principally arises out of liabilities acquired when we purchased Westchester Specialty in 1998, CIGNA’s P&C business in 1999, and The Chubb Corporation in 2016. The A&E liabilities principally relate to claims arising from claims related to asbestos products and remediation costs associated with hazardous waste sites. Underwriting Chubb is an underwriting company and we strive to emphasize quality of underwriting rather than volume of business or market share. Our underwriting strategy is to manage risk by employing consistent, disciplined pricing and risk selection. This, coupled with writing a number of less cyclical product lines, has helped us develop flexibility and stability of our business, and has allowed us to maintain a profitable book of business throughout market cycles. Clearly defined underwriting authorities, standards, and guidelines coupled with a strong underwriting audit function are in place in each of our local operations and global profit centers. Global product boards ensure consistency of approach and the establishment of best practices throughout the world. Our priority is to help ensure adherence to criteria for risk selection by maintaining high levels of experience and expertise in our underwriting staff. In addition, we employ a business review structure that helps ensure control of risk quality and appropriate use of policy limits and terms and conditions. Underwriting discipline is at the heart of our operating philosophy. Actuaries in each region work closely with the underwriting teams to provide additional expertise in the underwriting process. We use internal and external data together with sophisticated analytical, catastrophe loss and risk modeling techniques to ensure an appropriate understanding of risk, including diversification and correlation effects, across different product lines and territories. We recognize that climate changes and weather patterns, as well as inflationary forces, are integral to our underwriting process and we continually adjust our process to address these changes. This is intended to help ensure that exposures are priced appropriately and resulting losses are contained within our risk tolerance and appetite for individual product lines, businesses, and Chubb as a whole. Our use of such tools and data also reflects an understanding of their inherent limitations and uncertainties. We also purchase protection from third parties, including, but not limited to, reinsurance as a tool to diversify risk and limit the net loss potential of catastrophes and large or unusually hazardous risks. For additional information refer to "Risk Factors" under Item 1A, “Reinsurance Protection”, below, “Catastrophe Management” and “Global Property Catastrophe Reinsurance Program”, under Item 7, and Note 5 to the Consolidated Financial Statements, under Item 8. 11 Table of Contents Reinsurance Protection As part of our risk management strategy, we purchase reinsurance protection to mitigate our exposure to losses, including certain catastrophes, to a level consistent with our risk appetite. Although reinsurance agreements contractually obligate our reinsurers to reimburse us for an portion of our gross paid losses, reinsurance does not discharge our primary liability to our insureds and, thus, we ultimately remain liable for the gross direct losses. In certain countries, reinsurer selection is limited by local laws or regulations. In most countries there is more freedom of choice, and the counterparty is selected based upon its financial strength, claims settlement record, management, line of business expertise, and its price for assuming the risk transferred. In support of this process, we maintain a Chubb authorized reinsurer list that stratifies these authorized reinsurers by classes of business and acceptable limits. This list is maintained by our Reinsurance Security Committee (RSC), a committee comprising senior management personnel and a dedicated reinsurer security team. Changes to the list are authorized by the RSC and recommended to the Chair of the Risk and Underwriting Committee. The reinsurers on the authorized list and potential new markets are regularly reviewed and the list may be modified following these reviews. In addition to the authorized list, there is a formal exception process that allows authorized reinsurance buyers to use reinsurers already on the authorized list for higher limits or different lines of business, for example, or other reinsurers not on the authorized list if their use is supported by compelling business reasons for a particular reinsurance program. A separate policy and process exists for captive reinsurance companies. Generally, these reinsurance companies are established by our clients or our clients have an interest in them. It is generally our policy to obtain collateral equal to the expected losses that may be ceded to the captive. Where appropriate, exceptions to the collateral requirement are granted but only after senior management review. Specific collateral guidelines and an exception process are in place for the North America Commercial P&C Insurance, North America Personal P&C Insurance, and Overseas General Insurance segments, all of which have credit management units evaluating the captive's credit quality and that of their parent company. The credit management units, working with actuaries, determine reasonable exposure estimates (collateral calculations), ensure receipt of collateral in an acceptable form, and coordinate collateral adjustments as and when needed. Financial reviews and expected loss evaluations are performed annually for active captive accounts and as needed for exposures. In addition to collateral, parental guarantees are often used to enhance the credit quality of the captive. In general, we seek to place our reinsurance with highly rated companies with which we have a strong trading relationship. For additional information refer to “Catastrophe Management” and “Global Property Catastrophe Reinsurance Program” under Item 7, and Note 5 to the Consolidated Financial Statements, under Item 8. Unpaid Losses and Loss Expenses We establish reserves for unpaid losses and loss expenses, which are estimates of future payments on reported and unreported claims for losses and related expenses, with respect to insured events that have occurred. These reserves are recorded in Unpaid losses and loss expenses in the Consolidated balance sheets. The process of establishing loss and loss expense reserves for P&C claims can be complex and is subject to considerable uncertainty as it requires the use of informed estimates and judgments based on circumstances known at the date the loss is recognized. These estimates and judgments are based on numerous factors and may be revised as additional experience and other data become available and are reviewed, as new or improved methodologies are developed, or as laws change. Internal actuaries regularly analyze the levels of loss and loss expense reserves, taking into consideration factors that may impact the ultimate settlement value of the unpaid losses and loss expenses. These analyses could result in future changes in the estimates of loss and loss expense reserves or reinsurance recoverables and any such changes would be reflected in our results of operations in the period in which the estimates are changed. Losses and loss expenses are charged to income as incurred. The reserve for unpaid losses and loss expenses represents the estimated ultimate losses and loss expenses less paid losses and loss expenses, and comprises case reserves and incurred but not reported (IBNR) reserves. With the exception of certain structured settlements, for which the timing and amount of future claim payments are reliably determinable, and certain reserves for unsettled claims, our loss reserves are not discounted for the time value of money. The net undiscounted reserves related to structured settlements and certain reserves for unsettled claims are immaterial. For each product line, management, after consultation with internal actuaries, develops a “best estimate” of the ultimate settlement value of the unpaid losses and loss expenses that it believes provides a reasonable estimate of the required reserve. We evaluate our estimates of reserves quarterly in light of developing information. While we are unable at this time to determine whether additional reserves may be necessary in the future, we believe that our reserves for unpaid losses and loss expenses are adequate at December 31, 2024. Future additions to reserves, if needed, could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. For additional information refer to “Critical Accounting Estimates – Unpaid losses and loss expenses”, under Item 7, and Note 8 to the Consolidated Financial Statements, under Item 8. 12 Table of Contents Future Policy Benefits We establish future policy benefits reserves for contracts which generally cover accident and supplemental health (A&H), term and whole life, and annuity products. These life insurance contracts provide payments for various covered events such as death, disability, life annuity, policy surrender, and policy maturity. Future policy benefits reserves reflect the present value of expected future benefits to be paid less the present value of expected future net premiums, which is the portion of the gross premium used to fund expected future liabilities. Reserves for contracts, under which benefits extend beyond the period of premium collection, include a deferred profit liability that represents gross premiums received in excess of expected net premiums. Deferred profit liabilities are amortized over the duration of the underlying insured liabilities. Future policy benefits reserves are recorded in Future policy benefits in the Consolidated balance sheets. The process of establishing future policy benefits reserves can be complex and is subject to considerable uncertainty, requiring the use of informed estimates and judgments based on numerous factors including discount rates, mortality, morbidity, persistency and unpaid loss adjustment expenses. These assumptions represent management's best estimates. Internal actuaries review, at least annually, best estimate assumptions, which could result in changes to future policy benefits reserves or the associated reinsurance recoverables. Any changes are reflected in our results of operations in the period in which the estimates are changed. For additional information, refer to "Critical Accounting Estimates – Future policy benefits reserves", under Item 7, and Note 1l) and Note 9 to the Consolidated Financial Statements, under Item 8. Policyholder Account Balances Policyholder account balances represent the contract value that has accrued to the benefit of the policyholder as of the balance sheet date. This liability is primarily associated with the accumulated account deposits, plus interest credited, less policyholder withdrawals and other charges against the account balance, as applicable. These policyholder account balances also include certain unearned revenue liabilities, primarily relating to universal life and other savings products, which represent policy charges for services to be provided in future periods. For additional information, refer to Note 10 to the Consolidated Financial Statements, under Item 8. Investments Our objective is to maximize investment income and total return while ensuring an appropriate level of liquidity, investment quality, and diversification. As such, Chubb's investment portfolio is invested primarily in securities as measured by the major rating agencies. We also invest in limited partnerships and investment funds. We do not allow leverage in our investment portfolio. The critical aspects of the investment process are controlled by Chubb Asset Management, an indirect subsidiary of Chubb. These aspects include asset allocation, portfolio and guideline design, risk management, and oversight of external asset managers. In this regard, Chubb Asset Management: • conducts formal asset allocation modeling for each of the Chubb subsidiaries, providing formal recommendations for the portfolio's structure; • establishes recommended investment guidelines that are appropriate to the prescribed asset allocation targets; • provides the analysis, evaluation, and selection of our external investment advisors; • establishes and develops analytics to enhance portfolio engineering and risk control; • monitors and aggregates the correlated risk of the overall investment portfolio; and • provides governance over the investment process for each of our operating companies to ensure consistency of approach and adherence to investment guidelines. Under our guidance and direction, external asset managers conduct security and sector selection and transaction execution. Use of multiple managers benefits Chubb in several ways – it provides us with operational and cost efficiencies, diversity of styles and approaches, innovations in investment research and credit and risk management, all of which enhance the returns of our portfolios. Chubb Asset Management determines the investment portfolio's allowable, targeted asset allocation and ranges for each of the segments. These asset allocation targets are derived from sophisticated asset and liability modeling that measures correlated histories of returns and volatility of returns. Allowable investment classes are further refined through analysis of our operating environment including expected volatility of cash flows, potential impact on our capital position, and regulatory and rating agency considerations. 13 Table of Contents Huatai Asset Management has over $125 billion in assets under management (AUM) in China, and is licensed to manage institutional, pension, and retail mutual fund investments. Huatai’s asset management companies manage Huatai's investments internally. In addition, over 90 percent of total AUM are managed on behalf of clients. Huatai asset management companies earn management and performance fees from the management of assets and also earn fees related to the origination, distribution and management of private loans on behalf of highly rated domestic institutions in China. The Board has established a Risk & Finance Committee which helps execute the Board's supervisory responsibilities pertaining to enterprise risk management including investment risk. Under the overall supervision of the Risk & Finance Committee, Chubb's governance over investment management is rigorous and ongoing. Among its responsibilities, the Risk & Finance Committee of the Board: • reviews and approves asset allocation targets and investment policy to ensure that it is consistent with our overall goals, strategies, and objectives; • reviews and approves investment guidelines to ensure that appropriate levels of portfolio liquidity, credit quality, diversification, and volatility are maintained; and • systematically reviews the portfolio's exposures including any potential violations of investment guidelines. We have global credit limits for our entire portfolio across the organization and for individual obligors. Exposures are aggregated, monitored, and actively managed by our Global Credit Committee, comprising senior executives, including our Chief Financial Officer, our Chief Risk Officer, our Chief Investment Officer, and our Treasurer. Within the guidelines and asset allocation parameters established by the Risk & Finance Committee, individual investment committees of the segments determine tactical asset allocation. Additionally, these committees review all activity that affects their operating company, including the selection of outside investment advisors, proposed asset allocation changes, and the systematic review of investment guidelines. For additional information regarding the investment portfolio, including breakdowns of the sector and maturity distributions, refer to Note 3 to the Consolidated Financial Statements under Item 8. Regulation Our insurance and reinsurance subsidiaries conduct business globally, including in all 50 states of the United States, the District of Columbia, and all U.S. Territories. Our business is subject to varying degrees of regulation and supervision in each of the jurisdictions in which our insurance and reinsurance subsidiaries are domiciled and on a group basis. The laws and regulations of the jurisdictions in which our insurance and reinsurance subsidiaries are domiciled require among other things that these subsidiaries maintain minimum levels of statutory capital, surplus, and liquidity, meet solvency standards, and submit to periodic examinations of their financial condition. The complex regulatory environments in which Chubb operates are subject to change and are regularly monitored. Group Supervision The Pennsylvania Insurance Department (Department) is the supervisor for the Chubb Group of Companies. In consultation with other insurance regulatory bodies that oversee Chubb's insurance activities, the Department has convened the Chubb Supervisory College (College) since 2012, with interim Colleges held in intervening years since 2017. The most recent College was held in October 2024. During these meetings, the College reviewed extensive information about Chubb, without material adverse comment. The following is an overview of regulations for our operations in Switzerland, the U.S., Bermuda, and other international locations. Swiss Operations The Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority (FINMA) has the discretion to supervise Chubb on a basis. However, FINMA acknowledges the Department's assumption of group supervision over us. Chubb Insurance (Switzerland) Limited offers property and casualty insurance to Swiss companies, A&H, and personal lines insurance for individuals of Swiss companies. We also operate a reinsurance subsidiary named Chubb Reinsurance (Switzerland) Limited, which is primarily a provider of reinsurance to Chubb entities. Both companies are licensed and governed by FINMA. 14 Table of Contents U.S. Operations Our U.S. insurance subsidiaries are subject to extensive regulation by the states in which they do business. The laws of the various states establish departments of insurance with broad authority to regulate, among other things: the standards of solvency that must be met and maintained, the licensing of insurers and their producers, approval of policy forms and rates, the nature of and limitations on investments, restrictions on the size of the risks which may be insured under a single policy, deposits of securities for the benefit of policyholders, requirements for the acceptability of reinsurers, periodic examinations of the affairs of insurance companies, the form and content of reports of financial condition required to be filed, and the adequacy of reserves for unearned premiums, losses, and other exposures. Our U.S. insurance subsidiaries are required to file detailed annual and quarterly statutory financial statements with state insurance regulators. In addition, our U.S. insurance subsidiaries' operational and financial records are subject to examination at regular intervals by state regulators. All states have enacted legislation that regulates insurance holding companies. This legislation provides that each U.S. insurance company in the insurance holding company system (system) is required to register with the insurance department of its state of domicile and furnish information concerning the operations of companies within the system that may materially affect the operations, management, or financial condition of our U.S. insurers. All transactions within a system must be fair and equitable. Notice to the appropriate insurance departments is required prior to the consummation of transactions affecting the ownership or control of an insurer and of certain material transactions between an insurer and an entity in its system. In addition, certain transactions may not be consummated without the prior approval of one or more such insurance departments. We are also required to file annually with our domiciliary state insurance regulators an enterprise risk report that identifies material risks within our system that could pose enterprise risk to our U.S. insurers, a disclosure report that identifies our corporate governance practices, a report reflecting our internal assessment of material risks associated with our current business plan and the sufficiency of our capital resources to support those risks, and a group capital calculation report that provides a baseline quantitative measure for group risks. Statutory surplus is an important measure used by the regulators and rating agencies to assess our U.S. insurance subsidiaries' ability to pay claims, support business operations, and provide dividend capacity. Our U.S. insurance subsidiaries are subject to various state statutory and regulatory restrictions that limit the amount of dividends that may be paid without prior approval from regulatory authorities. These restrictions differ by state, but are generally based on calculations incorporating statutory surplus, statutory net income, and/or investment income. The National Association of Insurance Commissioners (NAIC) has promulgated a recommended capital requirement for P&C insurance companies. This capital formula is used by many state regulatory authorities to identify insurance companies that may be undercapitalized and which merit further regulatory attention. These requirements are designed to monitor capital adequacy using a formula that prescribes a series of risk measurements to determine a minimum capital amount for an insurance company, based on the profile of the individual company. The ratio of a company's adjusted policyholder surplus to its minimum capital requirement will determine whether state regulatory action is required. There are progressive capital failure levels that trigger more stringent and intrusive regulatory action. If an insurer's policyholders' surplus falls below the Mandatory Control Level (70 percent of the Authorized Control Level, as defined by the NAIC), the relevant insurance commissioner is required to place the insurer under regulatory control. However, an insurance regulator may allow a P&C company operating below the Mandatory Control Level that is writing no business and is running off its existing business to continue its . Brandywine is running off its liabilities consistent with the terms of an order issued by the Insurance Commissioner of Pennsylvania. This includes periodic reporting obligations to the Department. Government intervention continues in the insurance and reinsurance markets in relation to terrorism coverage in the U.S. (and through industry initiatives in other countries). The U.S. Terrorism Risk Insurance Act (TRIA), which was enacted in 2002 to ensure the availability of insurance coverage for certain types of terrorist acts in the U.S., has been extended under the Terrorism Risk Insurance Program Reauthorization Act of 2019 (TRIPRA) through December 31, 2027, and applies to certain of our operations. From time to time, Chubb and its subsidiaries and affiliates receive inquiries from state agencies and attorneys general, with which we generally comply, seeking information concerning business practices, such as underwriting, claims handling, loss 15 Table of Contents experience, and insurance availability. Moreover, many recent factors, such as consequences of and reactions to industry and economic conditions and focus on domestic issues, have contributed to the potential for change in the legal and regulatory framework applicable to Chubb's U.S. operations and businesses. We cannot assure that changes in laws, regulations, or investigative or enforcement activities in the various states in the U.S. will not have a material adverse impact on our financial condition, results of operations, or business practices. We are subject to numerous U.S. federal and state laws governing the protection of personal and confidential information of our clients and employees. These laws and regulations are increasing in complexity, and the requirements are extensive and detailed. Numerous states require us to certify our compliance with their data protection laws. We are subject to the New York Department of Financial Services’ (NYDFS) Cybersecurity Regulation which mandates detailed cybersecurity standards and other obligations for all institutions, including insurance entities, authorized by the NYDFS to operate in New York. Among the requirements are the maintenance of a cybersecurity program with governance controls, minimum data security standards for technology systems, cyber breach preparedness and response requirements, including reporting obligations, vendor oversight, training, program record keeping, audit and risk assessment requirements, and certification obligations. Because our North America systems are integrated, our companies domiciled in other states may also be impacted by this regulation. Additionally, the NAIC adopted an Insurance Data Security Model Law, which requires licensed insurance entities to comply with detailed information security requirements. The NAIC model law is similar in many respects to the NYDFS Cybersecurity Regulation. The NAIC has also adopted a Model Bulletin on the Use of Artificial Intelligence Systems by Insurers. This is intended to be a template for state regulators to use when issuing guidance about AI governance, risk management controls, internal audit functions, and systems. The Model Bulletin also advises insurers of the information and documentation that insurance regulators may request during exams and investigation of insurers' AI systems, including AI systems. This bulletin has been adopted by nineteen (19) state insurance departments, with four additional state insurance departments having announced a draft version of the bulletin or their intention to adopt the bulletin, and this in turn will impact our use of artificial intelligence tools in our business operations. Bermuda Operations The Insurance Act 1978 of Bermuda and related regulations, as amended (the Insurance Act), regulates the insurance business of our Bermuda domiciled (re)insurance subsidiaries (Bermuda domiciled subsidiaries) and provides that no person may carry on any insurance business in or from within Bermuda unless registered as an insurer by the Bermuda Monetary Authority (BMA). The Insurance Act imposes solvency and liquidity standards and auditing and reporting requirements on Bermuda insurance companies and grants the BMA powers to supervise, investigate, and intervene in the affairs of insurance companies. Bermuda domiciled subsidiaries must prepare and file with the BMA, audited annual statutory financial statements and audited annual financial statements prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S. (U.S. GAAP), International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS), or any such other generally accepted accounting principles as the BMA may recognize. The U.S. GAAP audited financial statements are made public by the BMA. The Insurance Act prescribes rules for the preparation and content of the statutory financial statements that require Bermuda domiciled subsidiaries to give detailed information and analyses regarding premiums, claims, reinsurance, and investments. In addition, each year, the Bermuda domiciled insurers are required to file with the BMA a capital and solvency return along with an annual statutory financial return. The prescribed form of capital and solvency return comprises the BMA’s capital model, termed the Bermuda Solvency Capital Requirement (BSCR) or an approved internal capital model in lieu thereof; a statutory economic balance sheet; the approved actuary’s opinion; and several prescribed schedules. The BSCR is a tool to assist the BMA both in measuring risk and in determining appropriate levels of capitalization. The BSCR employs a standard mathematical model that correlates the risk underwritten by Bermuda insurers to their capital. The BSCR framework applies a standard measurement format to the risk associated with an insurer's assets, liabilities, and premiums, including a formula to take into account catastrophe risk exposure. The BMA established regulatory capital adequacy and solvency margin requirements for Bermuda insurers that mandate that a Bermuda domiciled subsidiary’s Enhanced Capital Requirement (ECR) be calculated by either (a) BSCR, or (b) an internal capital model which the BMA has approved for use for this purpose. The Bermuda domiciled subsidiaries use the BSCR in calculating their solvency requirements. Bermuda statutory reporting rules include an Economic Balance Sheet (EBS) framework. The EBS framework is embedded as part of the BSCR and forms the basis of our ECR. 16 Table of Contents In order to minimize the risk of a shortfall in capital arising from an unexpected adverse deviation the BMA has established a threshold capital level, (termed the Target Capital Level (TCL)), set at 120 percent of ECR, that serves as an early warning tool for the BMA. Failure to maintain statutory capital at least equal to the TCL would likely result in increased BMA regulatory oversight. Under the BMA’s powers to set standards on public disclosure under the Insurance Act, the Bermuda domiciled subsidiaries are required to prepare and publish a Financial Condition Report (FCR). The FCR provides details of measures governing the business operations, corporate governance framework, solvency and financial performance. The FCR must be filed with the BMA and requires Bermuda insurance companies to make the FCR publicly available. Under the Insurance Act, Chubb's Bermuda domiciled subsidiaries are prohibited from declaring or paying any dividends of more than 25 percent of total statutory capital and surplus, as shown in its previous financial year statutory balance sheet, unless at least seven days before payment of the dividends, it files with the BMA an affidavit signed by at least two directors of the relevant Bermuda domiciled subsidiary (one of whom must be a director resident in Bermuda) and by the relevant Bermuda domiciled subsidiary’s principal representative, that it will continue to meet its required solvency margins. Furthermore, Bermuda domiciled subsidiaries may only declare and pay a dividend from retained earnings and a dividend or distribution from contributed surplus if it has no reasona ble grounds for believing that it is, or would after the payment be, unable to pay its liabilities as they become due, or if the realizable value of its assets would be less than the aggregate of its liabilities. In addition, Chubb's Bermuda domiciled subsidiaries must obtain the BMA's prior approval before reducing total statutory capital, as shown in its previous financial year's financial statements, by 15 percent or more. Other International Operations The extent of insurance regulation varies significantly among the countries in which .S. Chubb operations conduct business. While each country imposes licensing, solvency, auditing, and financial reporting requirements, such as the International Accounting Standard Board’s accounting standard for insurance contracts (IFRS 17), the type and extent of the requirements differ substantially. For example: • in some countries, insurers are required to prepare and file monthly and/or quarterly financial reports, and in others, only annual reports; • some regulators require intermediaries to be involved in the sale of insurance products, whereas other regulators permit direct sales contact between the insurer and the customer; • the extent of restrictions imposed upon an insurer's use of local and offshore reinsurance vary; • policy form filing and rate regulation vary by country; • the frequency of contact and periodic examinations by insurance authorities diff ers by country; and • regulatory requirements relating to insurer dividend policies vary by country. Significant variations can also be found in the size, structure, and resources of the local regulatory departments that oversee insurance activities. Certain regulators prefer c

[truncated]