Management’s Discussion and Analysis for a more complete identification and discussion of “ Statements.” Our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, and the performance of our common stock may be adversely affected by a number of risk factors. Risks and uncertainties that apply to both Ross and dd’s DISCOUNTS include, without limitation, the following: MACROECONOMIC AND RETAIL INDUSTRY BUSINESS RISKS We are subject to impacts from changes in the macroeconomic environment, financial and credit markets, geopolitical conditions, and government regulation or policy. Continuing inflation, tariff increases (or threats of increases), potential supply chain disruptions, and other external events may have significant negative effects on our costs, and also on consumer confidence, shopping behavior, and spending, which may adversely affect our sales and profitability. Elevated inflation, government policy and regulatory changes (including trade and tariff changes and threats of changes), geopolitical conflicts, bank failures, public health crises, and other potential, adverse developments and related uncertainties, could reduce demand for our merchandise, disrupt our buying patterns, increase our cost of goods, freight, and payroll, decrease our inventory turnover, cause greater markdowns, and negatively affect our sales and margins. All of our stores are located in the United States and its territories, so we are especially susceptible to changes in the U.S. economy and trade policy. Consumer spending levels and shopping behaviors for the merchandise we sell are affected by many external macroeconomic factors. Elevated inflation, including increased fuel and energy costs, food prices, interest rates, and housing costs, wage rates, unemployment levels, availability of consumer credit, consumer debt levels, income tax rates and the timing of tax refunds, and various government policies and practices (including immigration), and the resulting effects on consumers’ disposable income and consumer confidence in future economic conditions all have an impact on consumer spending habits for our merchandise. Changes and uncertainty in U.S. trade or tax policy regarding apparel and merchandise produced in other countries could adversely affect our business. A predominant portion of the apparel and other goods we sell is originally manufactured in other countries. The U.S. government has indicated a willingness to significantly change existing trade policies. This exposes us to risks of disruption and cost increases in our established patterns for sourcing our merchandise and creates increased uncertainties in planning our sourcing strategies and forecasting our margins. Changes in tariffs, quotas, trade relationships, or tax provisions that reduce the supply or increase the relative cost of goods produced in other countries could increase our cost of goods and/or increase our effective tax rate. Although such changes would have implications across the entire industry, we may fail to effectively adapt and manage the adjustments in strategy that would be necessary in response to those changes. In addition to the general uncertainty and overall risk from potential changes in laws and policies, as we make business decisions in the face of uncertainty as to potential changes, we may incorrectly anticipate the outcomes, miss out on business opportunities, or fail to effectively adapt our business strategies and manage the adjustments that are necessary in response to those changes. These risks could adversely affect our revenues and expenses, increase our effective tax rates, and reduce our profitability and market share. 10 Competitive pressures in the apparel and merchandise retailing industry are high. The retail industry is highly competitive and the marketplace is fragmented, as many different retailers compete for market share by utilizing a variety of store and online formats and merchandising strategies. We expect competition to increase in the future. There are limited economic barriers for others to enter the retail sector. We compete for customers, associates, store locations, and merchandise with other retailers, traditional department stores, mass merchandisers, specialty stores, online and catalog businesses, and other local, regional, and national retailers. Our retail competitors constantly adjust their pricing, business strategies, and promotional activity (particularly during holiday periods) in response to changing market conditions or their own financial condition. The substantial sales growth in e-commerce has also encouraged the entry of many new competitors, new business models, and an increase in competition from established companies looking for ways to create successful online shopping alternatives. Intense pressures from our competitors, our inability to adapt effectively and quickly to a changing competitive landscape, or a failure to effectively execute our model, could reduce demand for our merchandise, decrease our inventory turnover, cause us to take greater markdowns, and negatively affect our sales and margins. Unexpected changes in the level of consumer spending on or preferences for apparel and merchandise could adversely affect us. Our success depends on our ability to effectively buy and sell merchandise that meets customer demand. We continually work to identify customer trends and preferences, and to obtain merchandise inventory to meet anticipated customer needs. It is very challenging to successfully do this well and consistently across our diverse merchandise categories and in the multiple markets in which we operate throughout the United States and its territories. Although our business model provides us certain advantages and may allow us greater flexibility than traditional retailers have in adjusting our merchandise mix to consumer tastes, our merchandising decisions may still fail to correctly anticipate and match consumer trends and preferences, particularly in our newer geographic markets. Failure to correctly anticipate and match the trends, preferences, and demands of our customers could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and operating results. Adverse or unseasonable weather may affect shopping patterns and consumer demand for seasonal apparel and other merchandise, and may result in temporary store closures and disruptions in deliveries of merchandise to our stores. Unseasonable weather and prolonged, extreme temperatures, as well as events such as storms, affect consumers’ buying patterns and willingness to shop, and may adversely affect the demand for merchandise in our stores, particularly in apparel and seasonal merchandise. Among other things, weather conditions may also affect our ability to deliver our products to our stores or require us to close certain stores temporarily, thereby reducing store traffic. Even if stores are not closed, many customers may be unable to go, or may decide to avoid going to stores in bad weather. As a result, adverse or unseasonable weather in any of our markets could lead to sales and cause us to increase our markdowns, which may negatively affect our sales and margins. We may experience volatility in sales and earnings. Our business has slower and busier periods based on holiday and seasons, weather, and other factors. We may experience unexpected decreases in sales from time to time, which could result in increased markdowns and reduced margins. If sales in a certain period are lower than our plans, we may not be able to adjust operating expenses concurrently, which could adversely affect our operating results. 11 STRATEGIC RISKS We depend on the market availability, quantity, and quality of attractive brand name merchandise at desirable discounts, and on the ability of our buyers to source and purchase merchandise to enable us to offer customers a wide assortment of merchandise at competitive prices. Opportunistic buying, lean inventory levels, and frequent inventory turns are critical elements of our business strategy. Maintaining an overall pricing differential to our competitors is also key to our ability to attract customers and sustain our sales and gross margins. Our opportunistic buying places considerable discretion with our merchants, who are in the marketplace continually and who are generally purchasing merchandise for the current or upcoming season. Our ability to meet or exceed our operating performance targets depends upon the continuous, sufficient availability of high quality merchandise that we can acquire at prices sufficiently below those paid by conventional retailers and that will represent a value to our customers. To the extent that certain of our vendors are better able to manage their inventory levels and reduce the amount of their excess inventory, the amount of high quality merchandise available to us could be materially reduced. To the extent that certain of our vendors decide not to sell to us or go out of business, the amount of high quality merchandise available to us could also be materially reduced. Because a significant portion of the apparel and other goods we sell is originally manufactured in other countries, constraints on the availability of shipping capacity, changes in transportation or tariff costs, trade relationships or tax policies, geopolitical conflicts, natural disasters, or public health issues, that reduce the supply or increase the relative cost of imported goods, could also result in disruptions to our supply relationships. Cost increases, shortages, delays, or disruptions in the availability to us of high quality, merchandise could have a material adverse effect on our sales and margins. Our inability to continually attract, train, and retain associates with the retail talent necessary to execute our retail strategies, as well as labor shortages, increased turnover, or increased labor costs could adversely affect our operating results. Like other retailers, we face challenges in recruiting and retaining sufficient talent in our buying organization, management, stores, distribution centers, and other key areas. Many of our retail store associates are in entry level or positions with elevated rates of turnover. Our ability to control labor costs is subject to numerous external factors, including prevailing wage rates and health and other insurance costs, potential labor organizing activities, as well as the impact of legislation or regulations governing minimum wage or healthcare benefits. Any increase in labor costs may adversely impact our profitability or, if we fail to pay competitive wages, may result in increased turnover. Excessive turnover may result in higher costs associated with finding, hiring, and training new associates. If we cannot hire enough qualified associates, or if there is a disruption in the supply of personnel we hire from providers, especially during our peak seasons, our operations could be negatively impacted. Because of the distinctive nature of our model, we must also attract, train, and retain our key associates across the Company, especially within our buying organization. The loss of one or more of our key personnel or the inability to effectively identify and successfully transition suitable successors for key roles could have a material adverse effect on our business. There is no assurance that we will be able to attract or retain highly qualified associates in the future and any failure to do so could have a material adverse effect on our growth, operations, or financial position. We need to obtain acceptable new store sites with favorable consumer demographics to achieve our planned growth. Successful growth requires us to find appropriate real estate sites in our targeted market areas. We compete with other retailers and businesses for acceptable store locations. For the purpose of identifying locations, we rely on consumer demographics. While we believe consumer demographics are helpful indicators of acceptable store locations, we recognize that this information cannot predict future consumer preferences and buying trends with complete accuracy. Time frames for negotiations and store development vary from location to location and can be subject to unforeseen delays or unexpected cancellations. We may not be able to open new stores or, if opened, operate those new stores profitably. Construction and other delays in store openings could have a negative impact on our business and operating results. Additionally, we may not be able to renegotiate our current lease terms which could negatively impact our operating results. New stores may not achieve the same sales or profit levels as our existing stores and adding stores to existing markets may adversely affect the sales and profitability of other existing stores. If we cannot acquire sites on attractive terms, it could limit our ability to grow or adversely affect the economics of our new stores in various markets. 12 To achieve growth, we need to expand in existing markets and enter new geographic markets. Our growth strategy is based on successfully expanding our model in current markets and in new geographic regions. There are significant risks associated with our ability to continue to expand our current business and to enter new markets. Stores we open in new markets may take longer to reach expected sales and profit levels on a consistent basis, and may have higher construction, occupancy, advertising, or operating costs than stores we open in existing markets, thereby affecting our overall profitability. New markets may have competitive conditions, consumer tastes, and discretionary spending patterns that are more difficult to predict or satisfy than our existing markets. Our limited operating experience and limited brand recognition in new markets may require us to build brand awareness in that market through greater investments in marketing, advertising, and promotional activity than we originally planned. We may find it more difficult in new markets to hire, motivate, and retain qualified associates. We are subject to risks associated with importing and selling merchandise produced in other countries. Risks in importing and selling such merchandise include tariffs and quotas, economic and supply chain uncertainties and adverse economic conditions (including shipping capacity limitations, cost increases, inflation, recession, and exchange rate fluctuations), foreign government regulations, employment and labor matters, concerns relating to human rights, working conditions, and other issues in factories or countries where merchandise is produced, transparency of sourcing and supply chains, exposure on product warranty and intellectual property issues, consumer perceptions of the safety of imported merchandise, geopolitical conflict (including wars and fears of war), political unrest, natural disasters, regulations to address climate change, and trade restrictions. A predominant portion of the apparel and other goods we sell (even when we purchase it domestically, often as excess inventory sold to us by a domestic vendor) is originally manufactured in other countries. In addition, we directly source a portion of the products sold in our stores from foreign vendors, predominantly in Asia (including China). We also buy products that originate from foreign sources indirectly through domestic vendors and manufacturers’ representatives. Although our foreign purchases of merchandise are negotiated and paid for in U.S. dollars, tariffs or other import duties, or decreases in the value of the U.S. dollar relative to foreign currencies could increase the cost of products we purchase from overseas vendors. When we are the importer of record, we may be subject to regulatory or other requirements similar to those applicable to a manufacturer. To the extent that our vendors are located overseas or rely on overseas sources for a large portion of their products, any event causing a disruption, delay, or increase in the cost of imports, including imposition of import or other restrictions such as product detention, war, acts of terrorism, natural disasters, or public health issues could adversely affect our business. The flow of merchandise from our vendors could also be adversely affected by global shipping capacity limitations, labor stoppages, or by financial or political instability in any of the countries in which the goods we purchase are manufactured. Trade restrictions in the form of tariffs or quotas, or both, applicable to the products we sell could also affect the importation of those products and could increase the cost and reduce the supply of products available to us. We cannot predict whether any of the countries from which our products are sourced, or in which our products are currently manufactured or may be manufactured in the future, will be subject to trade restrictions imposed by the U.S. or foreign governments or the likelihood, type, or effect of any such restrictions. Our ability to effectively advertise and market our business could impact customer traffic and demand for our merchandise. Customer traffic and demand for our merchandise is influenced by our advertising and marketing activities, the name recognition and reputation of our brands, and the location of our stores. Although we use a variety of marketing and advertising mediums to attract customers to our stores, particularly through a mix of traditional and streaming television, digital channels (including social media), and new store grand openings, our competitors may spend more or use different approaches, which could provide them with a competitive advantage. Our advertising and other promotional programs may not be effective or may be perceived negatively, or could require increased expenditures, any of which could adversely affect sales or increase costs. 13 OPERATIONAL RISKS In order to achieve our planned gross margins, we must effectively manage our inventories, markdowns, and inventory shortage. We purchase the majority of our inventory based on our sales plans. If our actual demand is lower than our sales plans at our intended price points, we may experience excess inventory levels and need to take markdowns on excess or inventory, resulting in decreased profit margins. We also may have insufficient inventory to meet customer demand, leading to lost sales opportunities. As a regular part of our business, we purchase “packaway” inventory with the intent that it will be stored in our warehouses until a later date. The timing of the release of packaway inventory to our stores is principally driven by the product mix and seasonality of the merchandise, and its relation to our store merchandise assortment plans, but it typically remains in storage less than six months. Packaway inventory is frequently a significant portion of our overall inventory. If we make packaway purchases that do not align with consumer preferences at the later time of release to our stores, we could have significant inventory markdowns. Changes in packaway inventory levels could impact our operating cash flow. Although we have various systems to help protect against loss or theft of our inventory, both when in storage and once distributed to our stores, we may have damaged, lost, or stolen inventory (called “shortage”) in higher amounts than we forecast, which would result in , lost sales, and reduced margins. Information or data security breaches, including cyberattacks on our transaction processing and computer information systems (including malware intrusion, data exfiltration, identity theft, and other types of cybersecurity threats), could disrupt our operations, result in theft or unauthorized disclosure of our confidential and valuable business information or credit card and other customer information, and could adversely affect our business, disrupt our operations, damage our reputation, increase our costs, and create significant legal exposure. Like other large retailers, we rely on commercially available computer and telecommunications systems to process, transmit, and store payment card and other personal and confidential information, and to provide information or data security for those transactions. Many of the key information systems and processes we use to handle payment card transactions and check approvals, and the levels of security technology utilized in payment cards, are controlled by the banking and payment card industry, not by us. Cybercriminals may attempt to penetrate our point of sale and other transaction processing information systems to misappropriate customer or business information, including but not limited to credit/debit card, personnel, or trade information. Cybercriminals (including actors) may attempt to penetrate our information systems, including supply chain and logistics systems, to deprive us from access to necessary business information and to disrupt our operations, as part of “ransomware” extortion activity or otherwise. A disruption within our logistics or supply chain network could adversely affect our ability to timely and efficiently transport merchandise to our stores or our distribution centers, which could impair our ability to meet customer demand for products and result in lost sales or increased supply chain costs. Despite security measures we have in place, and our efforts to prevent, monitor, and mitigate attacks and errors, our facilities and systems (or those of service providers we utilize or connect to) may be vulnerable to security breaches, acts of vandalism, computer viruses, misplaced or lost data, programming and/or human errors, phishing, ransomware attacks, and similar fraudulent attacks, or other similar events. It is also possible that an associate within our Company, or at a third party we do business with, may purposefully or inadvertently cause a security breach involving such information. The increasing sophistication of cybercriminals, the increased potential for cyberattacks, the advances in computer capabilities and artificial intelligence (“AI”), and remote access increases these risks. A breach of our information or data security, a system shut down or other response we may take, or our failure or delay in detecting and mitigating a system breach and a loss of personal or business information, could result in damage to our reputation, loss of customer confidence, violation (or alleged violation) of applicable laws (including laws relating to consumer data protection and privacy, and required notifications of data security breaches), and expose us to civil claims, litigation, and regulatory action, and to unanticipated costs and disruption of our operations. 14 Disruptions in our supply chain or in our information systems could impact our ability to process sales and to deliver product to our stores in a timely and manner. Various information systems are critical to our ability to operate and to manage key aspects of our business. We depend on the integrity, continuous availability, and consistent operations of these systems to process transactions in our stores, track inventory flow, manage merchandise allocation and distribution logistics, generate performance and financial reports, and support merchandising decisions. We are currently making, and will continue to make, technology investments to improve or replace information processes and systems that are key to managing our business. We must monitor and choose sound investments and implement them at the right pace. The risk of system disruption is increased whenever significant system changes are undertaken. An excessive rate of technological change could detract from the effectiveness of adoption and could make it more difficult for us to realize benefits from new technology. Poorly targeting opportunities, failing to make good investments, or making an investment commitment significantly above or below our needs could damage our competitive position and adversely impact our business and results of operations. Additionally, the potential problems and interruptions associated with implementing technology system changes could disrupt or reduce the efficiency of our operations in the short term. These initiatives might not provide us with the anticipated benefits, or may provide them on a delayed schedule or at a higher cost. Our information systems, including our systems, are subject to damage or interruption from power outages, computer and telecommunications failures, cyberattacks, computer viruses, internal or external security breaches, catastrophic events such as severe storms, fires, earthquakes, floods, acts of terrorism, and design or usage errors by our associates or by third parties. If our information systems or our systems are damaged or cease to function properly, we may have to make significant investments to fix or replace them, and we may suffer interruptions in our operations in the interim. Any material interruption in our computer systems could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. A disruption within our logistics or supply chain network could adversely affect our ability to timely and efficiently transport merchandise to our stores or our distribution centers, which could impair our ability to meet customer demand for products and result in lost sales or increased supply chain costs. Such disruptions may result from public health issues such as pandemics, cyberattacks, damage or destruction to our distribution centers, events, natural disasters, trade restrictions, tariffs, strikes or ineffective operations, work stoppages or slowdowns, shipping capacity constraints, supply or shipping interruptions, or other factors beyond our control. Any such disruptions could negatively impact our financial performance or financial condition. Damage to our corporate reputation or brands could adversely affect our sales and operating results. Our reputation is partially based on perceptions of various subjective qualities and overall integrity. Any incident that erodes the trust or confidence of our customers or the general public could adversely affect our reputation and business, particularly if the incident results in significant adverse publicity or governmental inquiry. Such an incident could also include alleged acts or omissions by, or situations involving, our vendors (or their contractors or subcontractors), the landlords for our stores, or our associates outside of work, and may pertain to social or political issues or protests largely unrelated to our business. Similarly, our responses to events or crises and our position (or perceived lack of position) on environmental, social, and governance (“ESG”) matters, such as sustainability, corporate social responsibility, diversity, equality, and inclusion (“DE&I”), responsible sourcing, and any perceived lack of transparency about those matters could harm our reputation, receive negative feedback from stakeholders, including our customers and investors, and could adversely affect our sales. The use of social media and other online platforms, including blogs, applications, websites, and other forms of communications, which allow individuals access to a broad audience of consumers and other interested persons, continues to increase. The availability of information (whether correct or erroneous) on social media and other online platforms is virtually immediate, as is its impact. Many social media and other online platforms immediately publish the content their subscribers and participants post, often without filters or checks on accuracy of the content. The opportunity for dissemination of information, including inaccurate information, is seemingly limitless and readily available. Information concerning our Company may be posted on such platforms at any time. Information posted may be adverse to our interests or may be inaccurate, which could negatively affect our sales, diminish customer trust, reduce employee morale and productivity, and lead to difficulties in recruiting and retaining qualified associates. The harm may be immediate, without affording us an opportunity for redress or correction. 15 To support our continuing operations, our new store and distribution center growth plans and other capital investment plans, our stock repurchase program, our debt repayments, and our quarterly dividends, we must maintain sufficient liquidity. We depend upon our operations to generate strong cash flows to support our general operating activities, and to finance our operations, make capital expenditures and acquisitions, manage our debt levels, and return value to our stockholders through stock repurchases and dividends. Disruptions to our operations may occur, nationally, regionally, or in specific locations. If we are unable to generate sufficient cash flows from operations to support our activities, our growth plans and our financial performance would be adversely affected. If our access to capital is restricted or our borrowing costs increase, our operations and financial condition could be adversely impacted. In addition, if we do not properly allocate our capital resources to maximize returns, our operations, cash flows, and returns to stockholders could be adversely affected. A natural or disaster in a region where we have a concentration of stores, offices, or a distribution center could harm our business. We have a concentration of store locations in the states of California, Texas, and Florida; together those states include almost 50% of our stores. More than half of our distribution center and warehouse capacity, approximately 22% of our stores, and our corporate headquarters, are located in California. Natural or other disasters, such as wildfires, earthquakes, hurricanes, tornadoes, floods, or other extreme weather and climate conditions, or fires, explosions, and acts of war or terrorism, or public health issues, in any of our markets could disrupt our operations or our supply chain, or could shut down, damage, or destroy our stores or distribution facilities. COMPLIANCE, REGULATORY, AND LEGAL RISKS Consumer problems or legal issues involving the quality, safety, or authenticity of products we sell could harm our reputation, result in lost sales, and/or increase our costs. Various governmental authorities regulate the quality and safety of merchandise we sell. These regulations and related laws frequently change, and the ultimate cost of compliance cannot be precisely estimated. Because of our opportunistic buying strategies, we sometimes obtain merchandise in new categories or from new vendors we have not previously dealt with. Although our vendor arrangements typically place contractual responsibility on the vendor for resulting liability and we generally rely on our vendors to provide authentic merchandise that matches the stated quality attributes and complies with applicable product safety and other laws, any with consumer product safety laws may subject us to product recalls, make certain products unsalable, or require us to incur significant compliance costs. We require our vendors (for both import and domestic purchasing) to contractually confirm that they adhere to various conduct, compliance, and other requirements, including those relating to environmental, employment and labor (including wages and working conditions), health, safety, and standards. From time to time, our vendors, their contractors, or their subcontractors may be alleged to not be in compliance with these standards or with applicable local laws. Although we have implemented policies and procedures to promote compliance with laws and regulations relating to doing business in foreign markets and importing merchandise, and to monitor the compliance of our suppliers, this does not guarantee that suppliers and other third parties with whom we do business will not violate (or not allegedly violate) such laws and regulations or our policies. Significant or continuing (or alleged ) with such standards and laws by one or more vendors could have a negative impact on our reputation, could subject us to claims and liability, and could have an adverse effect on our results of operations. Regardless of fault, any real or perceived issues with the quality and safety of merchandise we offer (particularly products such as food and children’s items), issues with the authenticity of merchandise, or our inability or that of our vendors, to comply on a timely basis with laws and regulatory requirements, could adversely affect our reputation, result in lost sales, inventory , uninsured product liability or other legal claims, penalties or losses, merchandise recalls, and increased costs. An adverse outcome in various legal, regulatory, or tax matters could damage our reputation or brand and increase our costs. As an ordinary part of our business, we are involved in various legal proceedings, regulatory reviews, tax audits, and/or other legal matters. These may include lawsuits, inquiries, demands, or other claims or proceedings by governmental entities and private plaintiffs, including those relating to employment and employee benefits (including 16 classification, employment rights, discrimination, harassment, wage and hour, and retaliation), workplace safety, securities, real estate, tort, commercial, consumer protection, privacy, product compliance and safety, advertising, environmental, comparative pricing, product labeling, intellectual property, tax, escheat, and claims. We continue to be involved in a number of lawsuits, including class/representative actions which are primarily in California. We are subject to federal, state, and local rules and regulations in the United States, and to various international laws, which change from time to time. These legal requirements collectively affect multiple aspects of our business, including the cost of health care, workforce management and employee benefits, minimum wages, advertising, comparative pricing, import/export, sourcing and manufacturing, data protection (including customer and associate data privacy, choice, and notification rights), intellectual property, and others. If we fail to comply (or are alleged not to comply) with any of these requirements, we may be subject to fines, settlements, penalties, or other costs. In addition, an adverse outcome (or the adverse publicity from the claims) in any of these matters may damage our reputation or brand. We are also subject to the continuous examination of our tax returns and reports by federal, state, and local tax authorities and these examining authorities may challenge positions we take. Significant judgment is required in evaluating and estimating our tax provisions and reserves for legal claims. Actual results may differ, and our costs may exceed the reserves we establish in estimating the probable outcomes. In addition, applicable accounting principles and interpretations may change from time to time, and those changes could have material effects on our reported operating results and financial condition. ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS Not applicable. 17 ITEM 1C. CYBERSECURITY RISK RISK MANAGEMENT AND STRATEGY We have a cybersecurity program that is intended to assess, identify, and manage material risks from cybersecurity threats to our business. Our program includes policies and procedures for detection, assessment, response, mitigation, remediation, and reporting of cybersecurity incidents and threats. Overall, our cybersecurity program is a strategic component of our risk management framework and activities . Our cybersecurity program is led by our Information Technology (IT) team. The IT team is principally responsible for developing, managing, and implementing our cybersecurity risk assessment processes, maintaining and implementing our incident response plans, selecting and implementing security controls, providing cybersecurity training, performing ongoing threat analysis, and responding to cybersecurity threats and incidents. The cybersecurity program also draws upon a combination of industry frameworks, including the National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) Cybersecurity Framework, that are designed to help companies measure their security posture, reduce cybersecurity risks, and provide guidance for implementing effective security controls. Our risk management approach and processes for cybersecurity extend to assessing and managing risks from cybersecurity threats associated with our use of service providers , by employing vetting processes, including the conducting of security assessments and monitoring activities, to verify that service providers adhere to our policies and contractual requirements. In addition, we engage and work with a range of advisors, including cybersecurity consultants, legal counsel, and auditors, to help us assess, test, and otherwise assist in the development and review of our cybersecurity processes. These relationships enable us to benefit from specialized knowledge and insights to help inform our cybersecurity strategies. As of the date of this filing, to our knowledge, our business strategy, results of operations, and financial condition have not been materially affected by risks from cybersecurity threats or previously identified cybersecurity incidents, but there is no assurance that we will not be materially affected in the future by such risks or future incidents. For more information on our cybersecurity related risks, see ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS. GOVERNANCE Our Board of Directors exercises general oversight of our risk management activities, including our cybersecurity program. With respect to risks related to cybersecurity, our Board of Directors has delegated the primary oversight responsibility to the Audit Committee. The Audit Committee, along with management, reports to the full Board of Directors on these matters throughout the year. The Audit Committee receives quarterly cybersecurity reports and engages directly with our management team, including our Chief Information Officer (CIO) and Chief Information Security Officer (CISO), on cybersecurity risk management and related risk topics, including incident response and recovery protocols, associate trainings and awareness, recent Company and industry developments, and our related compliance programs and practices. Our cybersecurity program and practices are also evaluated through various internal and audits and assessments, with the results reported to the Audit Committee. Our CIO and CISO are principally responsible for assessing and managing our material risks from cybersecurity threats. They lead efforts to prevent, identify, detect, mitigate, and remediate material cybersecurity risks and incidents through various means, including by receiving alerts and reports produced by security tools deployed in our IT systems. Together, our CIO and CISO have decades of experience in cybersecurity and in retail, including leadership experience in cybersecurity risk management, incident response and recovery, compliance, governance, IT systems and technology, and overall cyber defense methodologies. 18 ITEM 2. PROPERTIES At February 1, 2025, we operated a total of 2,186 stores, of which 1,831 were Ross stores in 43 states, the District of Columbia, and Guam, and 355 were dd’s DISCOUNTS stores in 22 states. See additional discussion under “Stores” in ITEM 1. BUSINESS. The following table summarizes the locations of our stores by state/territory as of February 1, 2025 and February 3, 2024. State/Territory February 1, 2025 February 3, 2024 Alabama 30 27 Arizona 91 89 Arkansas 11 10 California 476 463 Colorado 43 42 Delaware 4 4 District of Columbia 2 2 Florida 248 244 Georgia 70 70 Guam 3 3 Hawaii 19 21 Idaho 12 12 Illinois 104 102 Indiana 36 33 Iowa 9 9 Kansas 15 15 Kentucky 19 17 Louisiana 24 24 Maryland 35 32 Michigan 16 8 Minnesota 4 1 Mississippi 12 12 Missouri 32 31 Montana 6 6 Nebraska 10 8 Nevada 43 43 New Jersey 22 21 New Mexico 23 22 New York 7 4 North Carolina 56 53 North Dakota 4 3 Ohio 27 25 Oklahoma 31 30 Oregon 31 32 Pennsylvania 64 56 South Carolina 32 31 South Dakota 2 2 Tennessee 45 45 Texas 312 304 Utah 27 27 Virginia 44 43 Washington 48 48 West Virginia 4 4 Wisconsin 29 28 Wyoming 4 3 Total 2,186 2,109 19 Where possible, we obtain sites in buildings requiring minimal alterations, allowing us to establish stores in new locations in a relatively short period of time and at reasonable costs in a given market. Nearly all of our stores are leased. The majority of our new stores have unexpired original lease terms ranging from three years to ten years, with three to four renewal options of five years each. The following table summarizes the location and approximate sizes of our distribution/warehouse facilities and office locations as of February 1, 2025. Square footage information for the distribution and warehouse facilities represents total ground floor area of the facility. Total Approximate Square Footage Location Number of Facilities Owned Leased Distribution and Warehouse Facilities Buckeye, Arizona 1 1 1,700,000 — Moreno Valley, California 3 1,300,000 1,850,000 Perris, California 2 1,999,000 — Shafter, California 3 1,700,000 1,353,000 Statesville, North Carolina 1 — 640,000 Carlisle, Pennsylvania 4 465,000 604,000 Fort Mill, South Carolina 5 2,051,000 415,000 Rock Hill, South Carolina 2 1,200,000 431,000 Brookshire, Texas 1 1,890,000 — Office Space Dublin, California 1 414,000 — Los Angeles, California 1 — 120,000 Boston, Massachusetts 1 — 5,000 New York City, New York 2 1 572,000 — 1 We are currently in the process of completing the construction of this distribution center. 2 Our New York buying office building is subject to a 99-year ground lease. See additional discussion under “Distribution” in ITEM 1. BUSINESS. 20 ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS We have been named in class/representative action lawsuits, primarily in California, alleging violations by us of wage and hour laws. Class/representative action litigation remains pending as of February 1, 2025. We are also party to various other legal and regulatory proceedings arising in the normal course of business. Actions filed against us may include commercial, product and product safety, consumer, intellectual property, environmental, and labor and claims, including lawsuits in which private plaintiffs or governmental agencies allege that we violated federal, state, and/or local laws. Actions against us are in various procedural stages. Many of these proceedings raise factual and legal issues and are subject to uncertainties. Like many retailers and other businesses, we have filed a lawsuit as plaintiff against various insurance companies with respect to our claims for insurance coverage for business interruption and for other losses that we have experienced as a result of the pandemic. Our suit was filed in Alameda County, California in December 2020. The proceedings are ongoing and remain subject to significant uncertainties. We believe that the resolution of our currently pending class/representative action litigation and other currently pending legal and regulatory proceedings will not have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows. ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES Not applicable. 21 PART II ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT’S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS, AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES General information. Our stock is traded on The Nasdaq Global Select Market ® under the symbol ROST. There were 1,146 stockholders of record as of March 10, 2025, and the closing stock price on that date was $132.12 per share. Cash dividends. On March 4, 2025, our Board of Directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.4050 per common share, payable on March 31, 2025. Our Board of Directors declared a cash dividend of $0.3675 per common share in March, May, August, and November 2024. Our Board of Directors declared a cash dividend of $0.3350 per common share in February, May, August, and November 2023. Issuer purchases of equity securities. Information regarding shares of common stock we repurchased during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2024 is as follows: Period Total number of shares (or units) purchased 1 Average price paid per share (or unit) Total number of shares (or units) purchased as part of publicly announced plans or programs Maximum number (or approximate dollar value) of shares (or units) that may yet be purchased under the plans or programs ($000) November (11/03/2024 - 11/30/2024) 452,426 $145.05 452,426 $1,246,900 December (12/01/2024 - 01/04/2025) 704,593 $153.01 704,593 $1,139,090 January (01/05/2025 - 02/01/2025) 592,070 $150.43 592,070 $1,050,020 Total 1,749,089 $150.08 1,749,089 $1,050,020 1 We did not acquire shares of treasury stock during the quarter ended February 1, 2025. Treasury stock includes shares acquired from employees for tax withholding purposes related to vesting of restricted stock grants. In March 2024, our Board of Directors approved a program to repurchase up to $2.1 billion of the Company’s common stock through January 31, 2026. This program followed the previous $1.9 billion stock repurchase program, effective at the end of fiscal 2023. Refer to Note C: Compensation in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for equity compensation plan information. The information under Item 12 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K under the caption “Equity compensation plan information” is incorporated herein by reference. 22 Stockholder Return Performance Graph The following information in this Item 5 shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, nor shall it be deemed incorporated by reference in any filing under the Securities Act of 1933. The graph below compares total stockholder returns over the last five years for our common stock to the Standard & Poor’s 500 Index (“S&P Index”) and the Dow Jones Apparel Retailers Index. We use the Dow Jones Apparel Retailers Index in our performance graph because we believe the retail companies comprising that index are aligned with the segment of the retail industry in which we operate, and it provides a relevant comparison against which to measure our stock performance. The cumulative total return listed below assumed an initial investment of $100 and reinvestment of dividends at each fiscal and measures the performance of this investment as of the last trading day in the month of January for each of the following five years. These measurement dates are based on the historical data available and vary slightly from our actual fiscal year end date for each period. Data with respect to returns for the S&P Index and the Dow Jones Apparel Retailers Index is not readily available for periods shorter than one month. The graph is a historical representation of past performance only and is not necessarily indicative of future performance. 23 COMPARISON OF 5 YEAR CUMULATIVE TOTAL RETURN Among Ross Stores, Inc., the S&P 500 Index, and Dow Jones Apparel Retailers Indexed Returns for Fiscal Years Ended Base Period Company/Index 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024 Ross Stores, Inc. 100 100 87 109 133 141 S&P 500 Index 100 117 145 133 160 203 Dow Jones Apparel Retailers 100 109 120 131 155 187 24 ITEM 6. RESERVED ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS Overview Ross Stores, Inc. operates two brands of retail apparel and home fashion stores—Ross Dress for Less ® (“Ross”) and dd’s DISCOUNTS ® . Ross is the largest apparel and home fashion chain in the United States, with 1,831 locations in 43 states, the District of Columbia, and Guam, as of February 1, 2025. Ross offers , , name brand and designer apparel, accessories, footwear, and home fashions for the entire family at savings of 20% to 60% off department and specialty store regular prices every day. We also operate 355 dd’s DISCOUNTS stores in 22 states as of February 1, 2025 that feature a more assortment of , , name brand apparel, accessories, footwear, and home fashions for the entire family at savings of 20% to 70% off moderate department and discount store regular prices every day. Our primary objective is to pursue and refine our existing strategies to maintain and improve both profitability and financial returns over the long term. Macroeconomic pressures and uncertainties continue to impact both consumer confidence and discretionary spending. We are closely monitoring these external factors, along with market share trends for the industry. We believe that our flexible business model better positions us to navigate through uncertainty, and we plan to continue to focus on strong execution of our key initiatives. We believe that our market share gains can continue to grow through our continued focus on bringing value and convenience to our customers. Our merchandising strategies emphasize consistently offering a wide assortment of quality branded bargains for our customers. We believe that our merchandising and operational strategies enable us to deliver the most competitive bargains available to meet our customers’ ongoing demand for quality branded goods for the family and home at compelling discounts every day. Additionally, we anticipate the current retail environment will result in more opportunities for us to obtain merchandise and to deliver even greater values on branded goods. We believe that staying diligently focused on executing our merchandising strategies is an important driver of our ability to gain market share in fiscal 2025 and the long term. The fiscal years ended February 1, 2025, February 3, 2024, and January 28, 2023 are referred to as fiscal 2024, fiscal 2023, and fiscal 2022, respectively. Fiscal 2023 was a 53-week year. Fiscal 2024 and 2022 were each 52-week years. The discussion that follows relates to fiscal 2024 and fiscal 2023. Discussion of fiscal 2022 items and comparisons between fiscal 2023 and fiscal 2022 that are not included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K can be found in Part II, Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for fiscal 2023. 25 Results of Operations The following table summarizes our financial results for fiscal 2024, 2023, and 2022: 2024 2023 2022 Sales Sales (millions) $ 21,129 $ 20,377 $ 18,696 Sales growth (decline) 3.7% 9.0% (1.2)% Comparable store sales growth (decline) 1 3% 5% (4)% Costs and expenses (as a percent of sales) Cost of goods sold 72.2% 72.7% 74.6% Selling, general and administrative 15.5% 16.0% 14.8% Operating income (as a percent of sales) 12.2% 11.3% 10.7% Interest (income) expense, net (0.8)% (0.8)% 0.0% Net earnings (as a percent of sales) 9.9% 9.2% 8.1% 1 Comparable stores are stores open for more than 14 complete months. Stores. Total stores open at the end of fiscal 2024, 2023, and 2022 were 2,186, 2,109, and 2,015, respectively. The number of stores at the end of fiscal 2024, 2023, and 2022 increased by 4%, 5%, and 5% from the respective prior years. In fiscal 2024, we opened 89 new stores. Looking forward to 2025, we expect to open approximately 90 new stores. Our strategy is to open additional stores based on market penetration, local demographic characteristics, competition, expected store profitability, and the ability to leverage overhead expenses. We continually evaluate opportunistic real estate acquisitions and opportunities for potential new store locations. We also evaluate our current store locations and determine store closures based on similar criteria. We continue to believe that consumers’ focus on value and convenience provide opportunities for us to gain market share. The following table summarizes the stores opened and closed during fiscal 2024, 2023, and 2022: Store Count 2024 2023 2022 Ross Dress for Less Beginning of the period 1,764 1,693 1,628 Opened in the period 75 72 1 71 Closed in the period (8) (1) (6) 2 Total Ross Dress for Less stores end of period 1,831 1,764 1,693 dd’s DISCOUNTS Beginning of the period 345 322 295 Opened in the period 14 25 28 Closed in the period (4) (2) (1) Total dd’s DISCOUNTS stores end of period 355 345 322 Total stores end of period 2,186 2,109 2,015 1 Includes the reopening of a store previously temporarily closed due to a weather event. 2 Includes the temporary closure of a store impacted by a weather event. The total selling square footage as of February 1, 2025, February 3, 2024, and January 28, 2023 was 43.9 million, 42.8 million, and 41.4 million, respectively. 26 Sales. Sales for fiscal 2024 increased $752.3 million, or 3.7%, compared to the prior year. This was primarily due to the 3% increase in comparable store sales and the opening of 77 net new stores during fiscal 2024. Sales for fiscal 2023 included approximately $308 million from the additional week of sales due to the 53rd week. Our sales mix is shown below for fiscal 2024, 2023, and 2022: 2024 1 2023 2022 Home Accents and Bed and Bath 26 % 26 % 26 % Ladies 22 % 23 % 24 % Men’s 16 % 15 % 15 % Accessories, Lingerie, Fine Jewelry, and Cosmetics 15 % 15 % 14 % Shoes 12 % 13 % 12 % Children’s 9 % 8 % 9 % Total 100 % 100 % 100 % Cost of goods sold. Cost of goods sold in fiscal 2024 increased $458.9 million compared to the prior year primarily due to the 3% comparable store sales increase and higher sales from the opening of 77 net new stores during fiscal 2024. Cost of goods sold as a percentage of sales for fiscal 2024 decreased approximately 40 basis points from fiscal 2023 primarily due to a 45 basis point decrease in buying costs mainly due to lower incentive compensation expense, a 45 basis point decrease in distribution costs, and a 30 basis point decrease in domestic freight costs. Partially offsetting these items was a 60 basis point decrease in merchandise margin primarily due to our continued efforts to offer more sharply priced branded bargains and a 20 basis point increase in occupancy costs. Selling, general and administrative expenses. For fiscal 2024, selling, general and administrative expenses (“SG&A”) increased $15.5 million compared to the prior year. In December 2024, we completed the sale of a packaway warehouse facility and recognized a gain on sale of $61.6 million. This sale, along with lower incentive compensation expense, partially offset the increase in SG&A which was primarily driven by the opening of 77 net new stores during fiscal 2024. SG&A as a percentage of sales for fiscal 2024 decreased 50 basis points compared to fiscal 2023, primarily due to the gain recognized from the previously mentioned packaway facility sale and lower incentive compensation expense. Operating income. Operating income as a percentage of sales for fiscal 2024 increased 90 basis points compared to fiscal 2023, primarily due to lower cost of goods sold and lower SG&A expenses. In fiscal 2025, we expect operating income as a percentage of sales to be impacted by sales deleverage, higher distribution costs, and lower incentive compensation expense. Interest (income) expense, net . In fiscal 2024, interest (income) expense, net improved by $7.5 million compared to fiscal 2023. Interest (income), expense, net as a percentage of sales, was flat compared to the prior year. The table below shows the components of interest (income) expense, net for fiscal 2024, 2023, and 2022: ($000) 2024 2023 2022 Interest income $ (234,955) $ (238,207) $ (77,706) Capitalized interest expense (19,447) (12,106) (5,678) Other interest expense 1,571 1,599 1,668 Interest expense on debt 81,263 84,596 84,558 Interest (income) expense, net $ (171,568) $ (164,118) $ 2,842 27 Taxes on earnings. Our effective tax rate for fiscal 2024, 2023, and 2022 was approximately 24%. Our effective tax rate represents the applicable combined federal and state statutory rates reduced by the federal benefit of state taxes deductible on federal returns. Our effective tax rate is impacted by changes in tax law and accounting guidance, location of new stores, level of earnings, tax effects associated with compensation, and the resolution of tax positions with various tax authorities. Earnings per share. Diluted earnings per share in fiscal 2024 was $6.32 compared to $5.56 in the prior year. Fiscal 2024 earnings include a per share benefit of approximately $0.14 from the sale of the packaway warehouse facility. Fiscal 2023 earnings include a per share benefit of approximatel y $0.20 from the 53rd week . The $0.76 increase in dil uted earnings per share in fiscal 2024 was primarily attributab le to a 12% increase in net earnings and a 2% reduction in diluted shares outstanding largely due to stock repurchases under our stock repurchase program. Financial Condition Liquidity and Capital Resources The primary sources of funds for our business activities are cash flows from operations and trade credit. Our primary ongoing cash requirements are for merchandise inventory purchases, payroll, operating and variable lease costs, taxes, capital expenditures related to our new and existing stores, and investments in distribution centers, information systems, and buying and corporate offices. We also use cash to repurchase stock under our stock repurchase programs, pay dividends, and repay debt as it becomes due. In September 2024, we repaid at maturity the $250 million principal amount of the 3.375% Senior Notes. As of February 1, 2025, we had $700 million principal amount of 4.600% Senior Notes that will reach maturity in 2025. ($ millions) 2024 2023 2022 Cash provided by operating activities $ 2,357 $ 2,514 $ 1,689 Cash used in investing activities (637) (763) (654) Cash used in financing activities (1,859) (1,428) (1,405) Net (decrease) increase in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash and cash equivalents $ (139) $ 323 $ (370) Operating Activities Net cash provided by operating activities was $2.4 billion in fiscal 2024. This was primarily driven by net earnings excluding expenses for depreciation, amortization, compensation, and the gain on sale of property (i.e., packaway warehouse facility), partially offset by the payment of fiscal 2023 incentive bonuses in fiscal 2024. Net cash provided by operating activities was $2.5 billion in fiscal 2023. This was primarily driven by net earnings excluding expenses for depreciation, amortization, and compensation. Net cash provided by operating activities was $1.7 billion in fiscal 2022 . This was primarily driven by net earnings excluding expenses for depreciation, amortization, and compensation, and an increase in deferred income taxes, partially offset by merchandise inventory payments and payment of fiscal 2021 incentive bonuses. The decrease in cash provided by operating activities in fiscal 2024 compared to fiscal 2023 was primarily driven by higher incentive compensation payments, partially offset by higher net earnings. Accounts payable leverage (defined as accounts payable divided by merchandise inventory) was 87% and 89% as of February 1, 2025 and February 3, 2024 , respectively. The decrease in accounts payable leverage in fiscal 2024 compared to fiscal 2023 was primarily due to the timing of inventory receipts and related payments versus last year. 28 As a regular part of our business, packaway inventory levels will vary over time based on availability of compelling merchandise purchase opportunities in the marketplace and our decisions on the timing for release of that inventory to our stores. Packaway merchandise is purchased with the intent that it will be stored in our warehouses until a later date. The timing of the release of packaway inventory to our stores is principally driven by the product mix and seasonality of the merchandise, and its relation to our store merchandise assortment plans. As such, the aging of packaway varies by merchandise category and seasonality of purchase, but typically packaway remains in storage for less than six months. We expect to continue to take advantage of packaway inventory opportunities to maximize our ability to deliver bargains to our customers. Changes in packaway inventory levels affect our operating cash flow. Packaway inventory was 41% of total inventory at the end of fiscal 2024, compared to 40% at the end of fiscal 2023. Investing Activities Net cash used in investing activities was $637 million, $763 million, and $654 million in fiscal 2024, 2023, and 2022 , respectively, and was primarily related to our capital expenditures. In fiscal 2024, capital expenditures were partially offset by cash proceeds from the sale of the packaway warehouse facility. Our capital expenditures include costs to build, expand, and improve distribution centers, open new stores and improve existing stores, and for various other expenditures related to our information technology systems and buying and corporate offices. The decrease in cash used in investing activities in fiscal 2024 compared to fiscal 2023 was primarily due to lower capital expenditures in fiscal 2024 related to our new Buckeye, Arizona distribution center and cash proceeds from the sale of the packaway facility, partially offset by the purchase of land and the start of construction for our next distribution center. Our capital expenditures over the last three years are set forth in the table below: ($ millions) 2024 2023 2022 Distribution and transportation $ 260 $ 306 $ 270 New stores 193 209 171 Existing stores 171 168 148 Information systems, corporate, and other 96 80 65 Total capital expenditures $ 720 $ 763 $ 654 Capital expenditures for fiscal 2025 are projected to be approximately $855 million. Our planned capital expenditures for fiscal 2025 are for costs to open new stores and improve existing stores, investments in our supply chain to support growth, including construction of our next distribution centers, investments in our information technology systems, and for various other expenditures related to our stores, distribution centers, and buying and corporate offices. We expect to fund capital expenditures with available cash. The increase in our planned capital expenditures for fiscal 2025 compared to fiscal 2024 is primarily driven by investments in our next distribution centers, new and existing store improvements, and various investments in our information technology systems. Financing Activities Net cash used in financing activities was $1.9 billion, $1.4 billion, and $1.4 billion in fiscal 2024, 2023 , and 2022, respectively, primarily resulting from stock repurchases under our stock repurchase program and dividend payments. In fiscal 2024, we repaid the $250 million principal amount of the 3.375% Senior Notes in September 2024. Revolving credit facilities. We have a $1.3 billion senior unsecured revolving credit facility (“Credit Facility”). As of February 1, 2025 , we had no borrowings or standby letters of credit outstanding under the Credit Facility, t he $1.3 billion Credit Facility remained in place and available, and we were in compliance with the financial covenant. Refer to Note D: Debt in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 29 Senior notes. As of February 1, 2025, we had approximately $2.2 billion of outstanding unsecured Senior Notes, of which $699.7 million was classified within Current Liabilities on our Consolidated Balance Sheet. Refer to Note D: Debt in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. Other financing activities. In March 2024, our Board of Directors approved a program to repurchase up to $2.1 billion of the Company’s common stock through January 31, 2026. This program followed the previous $1.9 billion stock repurchase program, effective at the end of fiscal 2023. The following table summarizes our stock repurchase activity in fiscal 2024, 2023, and 2022: Fiscal Year Shares repurchased (in millions) Average repurchase price Amount repurchased (in millions) 2024 7.3 $ 144.46 $ 1,050 1 2023 8.2 $ 115.24 $ 950 1 2022 10.3 $ 92.15 $ 950 1 Amount excludes excise tax due under the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022. During fiscal 2024, 2023, and 2022, we also acquired 0.6 million, 0.5 million, and 0.5 million shares of treasury stock, respectively, from our employee equity incentive plans for aggregate purchase prices of approximately $86.1 million, $48.6 million, and $48.9 million, respectively. On March 4, 2025, our Board of Directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.4050 per common share, payable on March 31, 2025. Our Board of Directors declared a cash dividend of $0.3675 per common share in March, May, August, and November 2024. Our Board of Directors declared a cash dividend of $0.3350 per common share in February, May, August, and November 2023, and a cash dividend of $0.3100 per common share in March, May, August, and November 2022. During fiscal 2024, 2023, and 2022, we paid dividends of $488.7 million, $454.8 million, and $431.3 million, respectively. trade credit represents a significant source of financing for our merchandise inventory. Trade credit arises from customary payment terms and trade practices with our vendors. We regularly review the adequacy of credit available to us from all sources and expect to be able to maintain adequate trade credit, bank credit facility, and other credit sources to meet our capital and liquidity requirements. During fiscal 2024, fiscal 2023, and fiscal 2022, our liquidity and capital requirements were provided by available cash and cash flows from operations. We ended fiscal 2024 with $4.7 billion of unrestricted cash balances, which were held primarily in overnight money market funds invested in U.S. treasury and government instruments across a highly diversified set of banks and other financial institutions. We also have $1.3 billion available under our Credit Facility. We estimate that existing cash and cash equivalent balances, cash flows from operations, our bank credit facility, and trade credit are adequate to meet our operating cash needs and to fund our planned capital investments, debt repayments, interest payments, common stock repurchases, and quarterly dividend payments for at least the next 12 months. 30 Contractual Obligations The table below presents our significant contractual obligations as of February 1, 2025: Less than 1 year Greater than 1 year Total¹ ($000) Recorded contractual obligations: Senior notes $ 700,000 $ 1,524,991 $ 2,224,991 Operating leases 758,519 2,869,467 3,627,986 New York buying office ground lease 2 7,552 1,092,953 1,100,505 Unrecorded contractual obligations: Real estate obligations 3 9,026 178,204 187,230 Interest payment obligations 55,778 299,040 354,818 Purchase obligations 4 4,183,454 104,916 4,288,370 Total contractual obligations $ 5,714,329 $ 6,069,571 $ 11,783,900 1 We have a $61.3 million liability for unrecognized tax benefits that is included in Other liabilities on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. This liability is excluded from the schedule above as the timing of payments cannot be reasonably estimated. 2 Our New York buying office building is subject to a 99-year ground lease. 3 Minimum lease payments for operating leases signed that have not yet commenced. 4 Purchase obligations primarily consist of merchandise inventory purchase orders, commitments related to construction projects, transportation, information technology services, store fixtures and supplies, and maintenance contracts. Supply chain finance program. We facilitate a voluntary supply chain finance program (the “program”) to provide certain suppliers with the opportunity to sell their receivables due from us to participating financial institutions at the sole discretion of both the suppliers and the financial institutions. A financial institution administers the program. Our responsibility is limited to making payments on the terms originally negotiated with each supplier, regardless of whether a supplier sells its receivable to a financial institution. We are not a party to the agreements between the participating financial institutions and the suppliers in connection with the program, and we do not receive financial incentives from the suppliers or the financial institutions. We do not provide guarantees under the program, and our rights and obligations to our suppliers are not affected by the program. The range of payment terms negotiated with suppliers is consistent, irrespective of whether a supplier participates in the program. All outstanding payments owed under the program are recorded within Accounts payable in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. We account for all payments made under the program as a reduction to operating cash flows in Accounts payable within the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. The amounts owed to participating financial institutions under the program and included in Accounts payable were $159.2 million and $146.9 million at February 1, 2025 and February 3, 2024, respectively. Standby letters of credit and collateral trust. We use standby letters of credit outside of our revolving credit facility and a funded trust to collateralize some of our insurance obligations. As of February 1, 2025 and February 3, 2024, we had $1.8 million and $2.2 million, respectively, in standby letters of credit outstanding. As of February 1, 2025 and February 3, 2024, we had $63.9 million and $60.8 million, respectively, held in a collateral trust. The standby letters of credit are collateralized by restricted cash and the collateral trust consists of restricted cash and cash equivalents. Other than the unrecorded contractual obligations noted above, we did not have any material sheet arrangements as of February 1, 2025. 31 Other Critical Accounting Estimates The preparation of our consolidated financial statements requires our management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts. These estimates and assumptions are evaluated on an ongoing basis and are based on historical experience and on various other factors that management believes to be reasonable. We believe the following critical accounting estimates describe the more significant judgments and estimates used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements and are not intended to be a comprehensive list of all of our accounting estimates. Merchandise inventory. Our merchandise inventory is stated at the lower of cost (determined using a basis) or net realizable value. Inventory we purchase can either be shipped to stores or processed as packaway merchandise with the intent that it will be warehoused and released to stores at a later date. Merchandise inventory includes acquisition, transportation, pr ocessing, and storage costs. Included in the carrying value of our merchandise inventory is a provision for shortage. The shortage reserve is based on historical shortage rates as determined through our annual physical inventory counts and cycle counts. Historically, our actual physical inventory count results have shown our provision for shortage to be reliable. A five percent change in shortage rates as of February 1, 2025 would not have materially impacted our cost of goods sold in fiscal 2024. Insurance obligations. We use a combination of insurance and for a number of risk management activities, including workers’ compensation, general liability, and health care benefits. Our and deductible liability is determined actuarially, based on claims filed and an estimate of claims incurred but not reported. Should a greater amount of claims occur compared to what is estimated or the costs of medical care increase beyond what was anticipated, our recorded reserves may not be sufficient and additional charges could be required. A five percent increase or decrease in our insurance reserves would not have materially impacted our net earnings in fiscal 2024. Recent Accounting Pronouncements Refer to Note A: Summary of Significant Accounting Policies in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for a discussion of recent accounting pronouncements and their impact to our Consolidated Financial Statements. Statements Our Annual Report on Form 10-K for fiscal 2024, and information we provide in our Annual Report to Stockholders, press releases, and other investor communications including those on our corporate website, may contain a number of statements regarding, without limitation, projected sales, costs, earnings, planned new store growth, capital expenditures, sustainability and carbon reduction targets, and other matters. These statements reflect our beliefs, plans, and estimates with respect to future events and our projected financial performance, operations, and competitive position. The words “plan,” “expect,” “target,” “anticipate,” “estimate,” “believe,” “forecast,” “projected,” “guidance,” “outlook,” “looking ahead,” and similar expressions identify statements. Future impact from inflation, high interest rates and interest rate changes, tariffs, ongoing military conflicts and economic sanctions, extreme weather, public health events, natural disasters, climate change, and other economic, regulatory, consumer spending, and industry trends that could potentially adversely affect our revenue, profitability, operating conditions, and growth are difficult to predict. Our statements are subject to risks and uncertainties which could cause our actual results to differ materially from those statements and our previous expectations, plans, and projections. Refer to ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a more complete discussion of risk factors for Ross and dd’s DISCOUNTS. The factors underlying our forecasts and plans are dynamic and subject to change. As a result, any forecasts or statements speak only as of the date they are given, and do not necessarily reflect our outlook at any other point in time. We disclaim any obligation to update or revise these statements. 32 ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK We are exposed to market risks, which primarily include changes in interest rates. We do not engage in financial transactions for trading or speculative purposes. We occasionally use forward contracts to hedge against fluctuations in foreign currency prices. We had no outstanding forward contracts as of February 1, 2025. Interest that is payable on our revolving credit facility is based on variable interest rates and is, therefore, affected by changes in market interest rates. As of February 1, 2025, we had no borrowings outstanding under our revolving credit facility. As of February 1, 2025, we had outstanding six series of unsecured Senior Notes. Interest that is payable on all series of our Senior Notes is based on fixed interest rates, and is therefore unaffected by changes in market interest rates. We receive interest on our short- and investments. Changes in interest rates may impact interest income recognized in the future, or the fair value of our investment portfolio. A hypothetical 100 basis point increase or decrease in prevailing market interest rates would not have a material negative impact on our consolidated financial position, results of operations, cash flows, or the fair values of our short- and investments as of and for the year ended February 1, 2025. We do not consider the potential losses in future earnings and cash flows from reasonably possible, changes in interest rates to be material. 33 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA Consolidated Statements of Earnings Fiscal Year Ended ($000, except per share data) February 1, 2025 February 3, 2024 January 28, 2023 Sales $ 21,129,219 $ 20,376,941 $ 18,695,829 Costs and Expenses Cost of goods sold 15,260,506 14,801,601 13,946,230 Selling, general and administrative 3,283,127 3,267,677 2,759,268 Operating income 2,585,586 2,307,663 1,990,331 Interest (income) expense, net ( 171,568 ) ( 164,118 ) 2,842 Earnings before taxes 2,757,154 2,471,781 1,987,489 Provision for taxes on earnings 666,424 597,261 475,448 Net earnings $ 2,090,730 $ 1,874,520 $ 1,512,041 Earnings per share Basic $ 6.36 $ 5.59 $ 4.40 Diluted $ 6.32 $ 5.56 $ 4.38 shares outstanding (000) Basic 328,593 335,187 343,452 Diluted 330,984 337,433 345,222 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 34 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income Fiscal Year Ended ($000) February 1, 2025 February 3, 2024 January 28, 2023 Net earnings $ 2,090,730 $ 1,874,520 $ 1,512,041 Other comprehensive income — — — Comprehensive income $ 2,090,730 $ 1,874,520 $ 1,512,041 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 35 Consolidated Balance Sheets ($000, except share data) February 1, 2025 February 3, 2024 Assets Current Assets Cash and cash equivalents $ 4,730,744 $ 4,872,446 Accounts receivable 144,482 130,766 Merchandise inventory 2,444,513 2,192,220 Prepaid expenses and other 218,957 202,706 Total current assets 7,538,696 7,398,138 Property and Equipment Land and buildings 1,493,496 1,486,557 Fixtures and equipment 4,521,044 4,220,221 Leasehold improvements 1,701,340 1,577,102 Construction- 807,256 628,730 8,523,136 7,912,610 Less accumulated depreciation and amortization 4,730,733 4,380,709 Property and equipment, net 3,792,403 3,531,901 Operating lease assets 3,294,858 3,126,841 Other assets 279,375 243,229 Total assets $ 14,905,332 $ 14,300,109 Liabilities and Stockholders’ Equity Current Liabilities Accounts payable $ 2,126,317 $ 1,955,850 Accrued expenses and other 626,490 671,867 Current operating lease liabilities 703,337 683,625 Accrued payroll and benefits 462,284 548,371 Income taxes payable 43,666 76,370 Current portion of debt 699,731 249,713 Total current liabilities 4,661,825 4,185,796 debt 1,515,080 2,211,017 operating lease liabilities 2,764,281 2,603,349 Other liabilities 267,911 232,383 Deferred income taxes 187,040 196,238 Commitments and contingencies Stockholders’ Equity Common stock, par value $ 0.01 per share Authorized 1,000,000,000 shares Issued and outstanding 328,813,000 and 335,172,000 shares, respectively 3,288 3,352 Additional capital 2,097,110 1,952,625 Treasury stock ( 719,410 ) ( 633,318 ) Retained earnings 4,128,207 3,548,667 Total stockholders’ equity 5,509,195 4,871,326 Total liabilities and stockholders’ equity $ 14,905,332 $ 14,300,109 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 36 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders’ Equity Additional capital Common stock Treasury stock Retained earnings (000) Shares Amount Total Balance at January 29, 2022 351,720 $ 3,517 $ 1,717,530 $ ( 535,895 ) $ 2,874,898 $ 4,060,050 Net earnings — — — — 1,512,041 1,512,041 Common stock issued under stock plans, net of shares used for tax withholding 1,343 14 24,688 ( 48,855 ) — ( 24,153 ) compensation — — 121,936 — — 121,936 Common stock repurchased ( 10,310 ) ( 103 ) ( 43,905 ) — ( 905,988 ) ( 949,996 ) Dividends declared ($ 1.240 per share) — — — — ( 431,295 ) ( 431,295 ) Balance at January 28, 2023 342,753 $ 3,428 $ 1,820,249 $ ( 584,750 ) $ 3,049,656 $ 4,288,583 Net earnings — — — — 1,874,520 1,874,520 Common stock issued under stock plans, net of shares used for tax withholding 662 7 24,893 ( 48,568 ) — ( 23,668 ) compensation — — 145,490 — — 145,490 Common stock repurchased, inclusive of excise tax ( 8,243 ) ( 83 ) ( 38,007 ) — ( 920,695 ) ( 958,785 ) Dividends declared ($ 1.340 per share) — — — — ( 454,814 ) ( 454,814 ) Balance at February 3, 2024 335,172 $ 3,352 $ 1,952,625 $ ( 633,318 ) $ 3,548,667 $ 4,871,326 Net earnings — — — — 2,090,730 2,090,730 Common stock issued under stock plans, net of shares used for tax withholding 910 9 25,076 ( 86,092 ) — ( 61,007 ) compensation — — 156,298 — — 156,298 Common stock 

[truncated]