Management’s Discussion and Analysis for a more complete identification and discussion of “ Statements.” Our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, and the performance of our common stock may be adversely affected by a number of risk factors. Risks and uncertainties that apply to both Ross and dd’s DISCOUNTS include, without limitation, the following: MACROECONOMIC AND RETAIL INDUSTRY BUSINESS RISKS We are subject to impacts from changes in the macroeconomic environment, government regulation or policy, geopolitical conditions, and financial and credit markets. Continuing inflation, tariff increases (or threats of increases), potential supply chain disruptions, and other external events may have significant negative effects on our costs, and also on consumer confidence, shopping behavior, and spending, which may adversely affect our sales and profitability. Elevated inflation, rapidly changing and increased tariffs on goods imported into the United States, other government regulation or policy changes, geopolitical conflicts, bank failures, federal government shutdowns, public health crises (including pandemics), and other potential, adverse developments and related uncertainties, could reduce demand for our merchandise, disrupt our buying patterns, increase our cost of goods, create limits in merchandise availability, cause shipping delays and increase freight costs, decrease our inventory turnover, cause greater markdowns, and negatively affect our sales and margins. All of our stores are located in the United States and its territories, and while we directly import only a small portion of our merchandise, more than half of the goods we sell originate from China, so we are especially susceptible to changes in the U.S. economy and trade policy in the U.S. (particularly toward China). Consumer spending levels and shopping behaviors for the merchandise we sell are affected by many external macroeconomic factors. In addition to consumer sensitivity to the price points and value differentiation we offer on the merchandise we sell, elevated consumer costs of living for other goods and services (including increased fuel and energy costs, food prices, interest rates, and housing costs), relative wage rates, unemployment levels, availability of consumer credit, consumer debt levels, income tax rates and the timing of tax refunds, various government policies and practices (including those with respect to immigration), and the resulting effects on consumers’ disposable income and consumer confidence in future economic conditions all have an impact on consumer spending habits for our merchandise. 9 Changes and uncertainty in U.S. trade or tax policy regarding apparel, merchandise, shoes, and other goods we sell produced in other countries could adversely affect our business. A predominant portion of the apparel, merchandise, shoes, and other goods we sell is originally manufactured in other countries, including China. While we directly import only a small portion of our merchandise, more than half of the goods we sell originate from China. The U.S. government has indicated a willingness to significantly change existing trade policies, and has imposed increased tariffs on goods imported into the United States, in particular on goods produced in China. This exposes us to risks of disruption and significant cost increases in our established patterns for sourcing our merchandise, and creates increased uncertainties in planning our sourcing strategies and forecasting our margins. Changes in tariffs, quotas, trade relationships, or tax provisions that reduce the supply or increase the relative cost of goods produced in China and other countries could significantly increase our cost of goods and/or increase our effective tax rate. Although such changes would have implications across the entire retail sector, we may fail to effectively adapt and manage the adjustments in sourcing strategy that would be necessary in response to those changes. In addition to the general uncertainty and overall risk from potential changes in laws and policies, as we make business decisions in the face of uncertainty as to potential changes, we may incorrectly anticipate the outcomes, miss out on business opportunities, or fail to effectively adapt our business strategies and manage the adjustments that are necessary in response to those changes. These risks could adversely affect our revenues and expenses, increase our effective tax rates, and reduce our profitability and market share. Competitive pressures and the pace of change in the retailing industry are high. The retail industry is highly competitive and the marketplace is fragmented, as many different retailers compete for market share by utilizing a variety of store and online formats and merchandising strategies. We expect competition to increase in the future. There are limited economic barriers for others to enter the retail sector. We compete for customers, associates, store locations, and merchandise with other retailers, traditional department stores, mass merchandisers, specialty stores, online and catalog businesses, and other local, regional, and national retailers. Our retail competitors constantly adjust their pricing, business models and strategies, and promotional activity (particularly during holiday periods) in response to changing market conditions or their own financial condition. The substantial sales growth in e-commerce and the increasing use of consumer data analytics has encouraged the entry of many new competitors, new business models, and an increase in competition from established companies looking for ways to create successful online and in person shopping alternatives. While our business is exclusively in stores, consumer e-commerce spending continues to increase. Advancements in technology (including artificial intelligence or other emerging technologies) will present opportunities to inform merchandising, pricing, assortment, and other key business decisions; however, there are costs, risks and potential adverse consequences from premature adoption or on those emerging technologies. At the same time, if competitors successfully implement these capabilities more quickly or effectively than we do, our competitive position could be adversely affected. Intense pressures from our competitors, our inability to adapt effectively and quickly to a changing competitive landscape, or a failure to effectively execute our model, could reduce demand for our merchandise, decrease our inventory turnover, cause us to take greater markdowns, and negatively affect our sales and margins. Unexpected changes in the level of consumer spending or preferences could adversely affect us. Our success depends on our ability to effectively buy and sell merchandise that meets customer demand. We continually work to identify customer trends and preferences, and to obtain merchandise inventory to meet anticipated customer needs. It is very challenging to successfully do this well and consistently across our diverse merchandise categories and in the multiple markets in which we operate throughout the United States and its territories. Although our business model provides us certain advantages and may allow us greater flexibility than traditional retailers have in adjusting our merchandise mix to consumer tastes, our merchandising decisions may still fail to correctly anticipate and match consumer trends and preferences, particularly in our newer geographic markets. Failure to correctly anticipate and match the trends, preferences, and demands of our customers could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and operating results. 10 Adverse or unseasonable weather may affect shopping patterns and consumer demand for seasonal apparel and other merchandise, and may result in temporary store closures and disruptions in deliveries of merchandise to our stores. Unseasonable weather and prolonged, extreme temperatures, as well as events such as storms, affect consumers’ buying patterns and willingness to shop, and may adversely affect the demand for merchandise in our stores, particularly in apparel and seasonal merchandise. Among other things, weather conditions may also affect our ability to deliver our products to our stores or require us to close certain stores temporarily, thereby reducing store traffic. Even if stores are not closed, many customers may be unable to go, or may decide to avoid going to stores in bad weather. As a result, adverse or unseasonable weather in any of our markets could lead to sales and cause us to increase our markdowns, which may negatively affect our sales and margins. We may experience volatility in sales and earnings. Our business has slower and busier periods based on holiday and seasons, weather, and other factors. We may experience unexpected decreases in sales from time to time, which could result in increased markdowns and reduced margins. If sales in a certain period are lower than our plans, we may not be able to adjust operating expenses concurrently, which could adversely affect our operating results. STRATEGIC RISKS We depend on the market availability, quantity, and quality of attractive brand name merchandise at desirable discounts, and on the ability of our buyers to source and purchase merchandise to enable us to offer customers a wide assortment of merchandise at competitive prices. Opportunistic buying, tightly managed inventory levels, and frequent inventory turns are critical elements of our business strategy. Maintaining an overall pricing differential to our competitors is also key to our ability to attract customers and sustain our sales and gross margins. Our opportunistic buying places considerable discretion with our merchants, who are in the marketplace continually and who are generally purchasing merchandise for the current or upcoming season. Our ability to meet or exceed our operating performance targets depends upon the continuous, sufficient availability of high quality merchandise that we can acquire at prices sufficiently below those paid by conventional retailers and that will represent a value to our customers. To the extent that certain of our vendors are better able to manage their inventory levels and reduce the amount of their excess inventory, the amount of high quality merchandise available to us could be materially reduced. To the extent that certain of our vendors decide not to sell to us or go out of business, the amount of high quality merchandise available to us could also be materially reduced. Because a significant portion of the apparel and other goods we sell is originally manufactured in other countries, constraints on the availability of shipping capacity, changes in transportation or tariff costs, trade relationships or tax policies, geopolitical conflicts, natural disasters, or public health issues, that reduce the supply or increase the relative cost of imported goods, could also result in disruptions to our supply relationships. Cost increases, shortages, delays, or disruptions in the availability to us of high quality, merchandise could have a material adverse effect on our sales and margins. To achieve growth, we need to expand in existing markets and enter new geographic markets. Our growth strategy is based on successfully expanding our model in current markets and in new geographic regions. There are significant risks associated with our ability to continue to expand our current business and to enter new markets. Stores we open in new markets may not reach (or may take longer to reach) expected sales and profit levels, and may have higher construction, occupancy, advertising, or operating costs than stores we open in existing markets, thereby affecting our overall profitability. New markets may have competitive conditions, consumer tastes, and discretionary spending patterns that are more difficult to predict or satisfy than our existing markets. Our limited operating experience and limited brand recognition in new markets may require us to build brand awareness in that market through greater investments in marketing, advertising, and promotional activity than we originally planned. We may find it more difficult in new markets to hire, motivate, and retain qualified associates. Further, expanding into new markets or increasing store growth in regions where we have limited operating experience could potentially result in operational inefficiencies and increased costs. 11 Our inability to continually attract, train, and retain associates with the retail talent necessary to execute our retail strategies, as well as labor shortages, increased turnover, or increased labor costs could adversely affect our operating results. Like other retailers, we face challenges in recruiting and retaining sufficient talent in our buying organization, management, stores, distribution centers, and other key areas. Many of our retail store associates are in entry level or positions with elevated rates of turnover. Our ability to control labor costs is subject to numerous external factors, including prevailing wage rates and health and other insurance costs, potential labor organizing activities, as well as the impact of legislation or regulations governing minimum wage or healthcare benefits. Any increase in labor costs may adversely impact our profitability or, if we fail to pay competitive wages, may result in increased turnover. Excessive turnover may result in higher costs associated with finding, hiring, and training new associates. If we cannot hire enough qualified associates, or if there is a disruption in the supply of personnel we hire from providers, especially during our peak seasons, our operations could be negatively impacted. Because of the distinctive nature of our model, we must also attract, train, and retain our key associates across the Company, especially within our buying organization. The loss of one or more of our key personnel or the inability to effectively identify and successfully transition suitable successors for key roles could have a material adverse effect on our business. There is no assurance that we will be able to attract or retain highly qualified associates in the future and any failure to do so could have a material adverse effect on our growth, operations, or financial position. We need to obtain acceptable new store sites with favorable consumer demographics to achieve our planned growth. Successful growth requires us to find appropriate real estate sites in our targeted market areas. We compete with other retailers and businesses for acceptable store locations. For the purpose of identifying locations, we rely on consumer demographics. While we believe consumer demographics are helpful indicators of acceptable store locations, we recognize that this information cannot predict future consumer preferences and buying trends with complete accuracy. Time frames for negotiations and store development vary from location to location and can be subject to unforeseen delays or unexpected cancellations. We may not be able to open new stores or, if opened, operate those new stores profitably. Construction and other delays in store openings could have a negative impact on our business and operating results. Additionally, when our existing stores near the end of their lease term, we may not be able to successfully renegotiate the future lease terms, which could negatively impact our operating results. New stores may not achieve the same sales or profit levels as our existing stores, and adding stores to existing markets may adversely affect the sales and profitability of other existing stores. If we cannot acquire sites on attractive terms, it could limit our ability to grow or adversely affect the economics of our new stores in various markets. Our ability to effectively advertise and market our business could impact customer traffic and demand for our merchandise. Customer traffic and demand for our merchandise is influenced by our advertising and marketing activities, the name recognition and reputation of our brands, and the location of our stores. Although we use an increasing variety of marketing and advertising mediums to attract customers to our stores, particularly through a mix of traditional and streaming television, digital channels (including social media), and new store grand openings, our competitors may spend more or use different approaches, which could provide them with a competitive advantage. Our advertising and other promotional programs may not be effective or may be perceived negatively, or could require increased expenditures, any of which could adversely affect sales or increase costs. 12 OPERATIONAL RISKS In order to achieve our planned gross margins, we must effectively manage our inventories, markdowns, and inventory shortage. We purchase the majority of our inventory based on our sales plans. If our actual demand is lower than our sales plans at our intended price points, we may experience excess inventory levels and need to take markdowns on excess or inventory, resulting in decreased profit margins. We also may have insufficient inventory to meet customer demand, leading to lost sales opportunities. As a regular part of our business, we purchase packaway inventory with the intent that it will be stored in our warehouses until a later date. The timing of the release of packaway inventory to our stores is principally driven by the product mix and seasonality of the merchandise, and its relation to our store merchandise assortment plans, but it typically remains in storage less than six months. Packaway inventory is frequently a significant portion of our overall inventory. If we make packaway purchases that do not align with consumer preferences at the later time of release to our stores, we could have significant inventory markdowns. Changes in packaway inventory levels could impact our operating cash flow. Although we have various systems to help protect against loss or theft of our inventory, both when in storage and once distributed to our stores, we may have damaged, lost, or stolen inventory (called “shortage”) in higher amounts than we forecast, which would result in , lost sales, and reduced margins. Information or data security breaches, including cyberattacks on our transaction processing and computer information systems (including malware intrusion, data exfiltration, identity theft, and other types of cybersecurity threats), could disrupt our operations, result in theft or unauthorized disclosure of our confidential and valuable business information or credit card and other customer information, and could adversely affect our business, disrupt our operations, damage our reputation, increase our costs, and create significant legal exposure. Like other large retailers, we rely on commercially available computer and telecommunications systems to process, transmit, and store payment card and other personal and confidential information, and to provide information or data security for those transactions. Many of the key information systems and processes we use to handle payment card transactions and check approvals, and the levels of security technology utilized in payment cards, are controlled by the banking and payment card industry, not by us. Cybercriminals may attempt to penetrate our point of sale and other transaction processing information systems to misappropriate customer or business information, including but not limited to credit/debit card, personnel, or trade information. Cybercriminals (including actors) may attempt to penetrate our information systems, including supply chain and logistics systems, to deprive us from access to necessary business information and to disrupt our operations, as part of “ransomware” extortion activity or otherwise. A disruption within our logistics or supply chain network could adversely affect our ability to timely and efficiently transport merchandise to our stores or our distribution centers, which could impair our ability to meet customer demand for products and result in lost sales or increased supply chain costs. Despite security measures we have in place, and our efforts to prevent, monitor, and mitigate attacks and errors, our facilities and systems (or those of service providers we utilize or connect to) may be vulnerable to security breaches, acts of vandalism, computer viruses, misplaced or lost data, programming and/or human errors, phishing, ransomware attacks, and similar fraudulent attacks, or other similar events. It is also possible that an associate within our Company, or at a third party we do business with, may purposefully or inadvertently cause a security breach involving such information. The increasing sophistication of cybercriminals, the increased potential for cyberattacks, the advances in computer capabilities and artificial intelligence, and remote access increases these risks. A breach of our information or data security, a system shut down or other response we may take, or our failure or delay in detecting and mitigating a system breach and a loss of personal or business information, could result in damage to our reputation, loss of customer confidence, violation (or alleged violation) of applicable laws (including laws relating to consumer data protection and privacy, and required notifications of data security breaches), and expose us to civil claims, litigation, and regulatory action, and to unanticipated costs and disruption of our operations. 13 Disruptions in our supply chain or in our information systems could impact our ability to process sales and to deliver product to our stores in a timely and manner. Various information systems are critical to our ability to operate and to manage key aspects of our business. We depend on the integrity, continuous availability, and consistent operations of these systems to process transactions in our stores, track inventory flow, manage merchandise allocation and distribution logistics, generate performance and financial reports, and support merchandising decisions. We are currently making, and will continue to make, technology investments to improve or replace information processes and systems that are key to managing our business. We must monitor and choose sound investments and implement them at the right pace. The risk of system disruption is increased whenever significant system changes are undertaken. An excessive rate of technological change could detract from the effectiveness of adoption and could make it more difficult for us to realize benefits from new technology. Poorly targeting opportunities, failing to make good investments, or making an investment commitment significantly above or below our needs could damage our competitive position and adversely impact our business and results of operations. Additionally, the potential problems and interruptions associated with implementing technology system changes could disrupt or reduce the efficiency of our operations in the short term. These initiatives might not provide us with the anticipated benefits, or may provide them on a delayed schedule or at a higher cost. Our information systems, including our systems, are subject to damage or interruption from power outages, computer and telecommunications failures, cyberattacks, computer viruses, internal or external security breaches, catastrophic events such as severe storms, fires, earthquakes, floods, acts of terrorism, and design or usage errors by our associates or by third parties. If our information systems or our systems are damaged or cease to function properly, we may have to make significant investments to fix or replace them, and we may suffer interruptions in our operations in the interim. Any material interruption in our computer systems could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. A disruption within our logistics or supply chain network could adversely affect our ability to timely and efficiently transport merchandise to our stores or our distribution centers, which could impair our ability to meet customer demand for products and result in lost sales or increased supply chain costs. Such disruptions may result from public health issues such as pandemics, cyberattacks, damage or destruction to our distribution centers, equipment failures, events, natural disasters, power outages, fires, trade restrictions, tariffs, strikes or ineffective operations, work stoppages or slowdowns, shipping capacity constraints, supply or shipping interruptions, or other factors beyond our control. Any such disruptions could negatively impact our financial performance or financial condition. We are subject to risks associated with importing and selling merchandise produced in other countries. Risks in importing and selling such merchandise include increased tariffs and more stringent quotas, economic and supply chain disruption uncertainties and adverse economic conditions (including shipping capacity limitations, cost increases, and exchange rate fluctuations), foreign government regulations, labor stoppages or disputes, concerns relating to human rights, working conditions, and other issues in factories or countries where merchandise is produced, transparency of sourcing and supply chains, exposure on product warranty and intellectual property issues, consumer perceptions of the safety of imported merchandise, geopolitical conflict (including wars and fears of war), political unrest, natural disasters, regulations to address climate change, and trade restrictions. A predominant portion of the apparel, shoes, merchandise, and other goods we sell (even when we purchase it domestically, often as excess inventory sold to us by a domestic vendor) is originally manufactured in other countries. In addition, we directly source a portion of the products sold in our stores from foreign vendors, predominantly in China. We also buy products that originate from foreign sources indirectly through domestic vendors and manufacturers’ representatives. More than half of the merchandise we sell is originally manufactured in China. Although our foreign purchases of merchandise are negotiated and paid for in U.S. dollars, increased tariffs or other import duties on goods imported into the United States, or decreases in the value of the U.S. dollar relative to foreign currencies, could increase the cost of products we purchase from overseas vendors and from domestic vendors who are reselling goods. When we are the importer of record, we may be subject to regulatory or other requirements similar to those applicable to a manufacturer. 14 To the extent that our vendors are located overseas or rely on overseas sources for a large portion of their products, any event causing a disruption, delay, or increase in the cost of imports, including imposition of import or other restrictions such as product detention, war, acts of terrorism, natural disasters, or public health issues could adversely affect our business. The flow of merchandise from our vendors could also be adversely affected by global shipping capacity limitations, labor stoppages, or by financial or political instability in any of the countries in which the goods we purchase are manufactured. Trade restrictions in the form of tariffs or quotas, or both, applicable to the products we sell could also affect the importation of those products and could increase the cost and reduce the supply of products available to us. We cannot predict whether China or any of the other countries from which our products are sourced, or in which our products are currently manufactured or may be manufactured in the future, will be subject to increased tariffs or trade restrictions imposed by the U.S. or foreign governments or the likelihood, type, or effect of any such restrictions. Damage to our corporate reputation or brands could adversely affect our sales and operating results. Our reputation is partially based on perceptions of various subjective qualities and overall integrity. Any incident that erodes the trust or confidence of our customers or the general public could adversely affect our reputation and business, particularly if the incident results in significant adverse publicity or governmental inquiry. Such an incident could also include alleged acts or omissions by, or situations involving, our vendors (or their contractors or subcontractors), the landlords for our stores, or our associates outside of work, and may pertain to social or political issues or protests largely unrelated to our business. Similarly, our responses to events or crises and our position (or perceived lack of position) on environmental, social, and governance matters, such as sustainability, corporate social responsibility, diversity, equality, and inclusion, responsible sourcing, and any perceived lack of transparency about those matters could harm our reputation, receive negative feedback from stakeholders, including our customers and investors, and could adversely affect our sales. The use of social media and other online platforms, including blogs, applications, websites, and other forms of communications, which allow individuals access to a broad audience of consumers and other interested persons, continues to increase. The availability of information (whether correct or erroneous) on social media and other online platforms is virtually immediate, as is its impact. Many social media and other online platforms immediately publish the content their subscribers and participants post, often without filters or checks on accuracy of the content. The opportunity for dissemination of information, including inaccurate information, is seemingly limitless and readily available. Information concerning our Company may be posted on such platforms at any time. Information posted may be adverse to our interests or may be inaccurate, which could negatively affect our sales, diminish customer trust, reduce employee morale and productivity, and lead to difficulties in recruiting and retaining qualified associates. The harm may be immediate, without affording us an opportunity for redress or correction. To support our continuing operations, our new store and distribution center growth plans and other capital investment plans, our stock repurchase program, our debt repayments, and our quarterly dividends, we must maintain sufficient liquidity. We depend upon our operations to generate strong cash flows to support our general operating activities, and to finance our operations, make capital expenditures and acquisitions, manage our debt levels, and return value to our stockholders through stock repurchases and dividends. Disruptions to our operations may occur, nationally, regionally, or in specific locations. If we are unable to generate sufficient cash flows from operations to support our activities, our growth plans and our financial performance would be adversely affected. If our access to capital is restricted or our borrowing costs increase, our operations and financial condition could be adversely impacted. In addition, if we do not properly allocate our capital resources to maximize returns, our operations, cash flows, and returns to stockholders could be adversely affected. 15 A natural or disaster in a region where we have a concentration of stores, offices, or a distribution center could harm our business. We have a concentration of store locations in the states of California, Texas, and Florida; together those states include almost 50% of our stores. Approximately half of our distribution center and warehouse capacity, approximately 22% of our stores, and our corporate headquarters, are located in California. Natural or other disasters, such as wildfires, earthquakes, hurricanes, tornadoes, floods, or other extreme weather and climate conditions, or fires, explosions, and acts of war or terrorism, or public health issues, in any of our markets could disrupt our operations or our supply chain, or could shut down, damage, or destroy our stores or distribution facilities. COMPLIANCE, REGULATORY, AND LEGAL RISKS Consumer problems or legal issues involving the quality, safety, or authenticity of products we sell could harm our reputation, result in lost sales, and/or increase our costs. Various governmental authorities regulate the quality and safety of merchandise we sell. These regulations and related laws frequently change, and the ultimate cost of compliance cannot be precisely estimated. Because of our opportunistic buying strategies, we sometimes obtain merchandise in new categories or from new vendors we have not previously dealt with. Although our vendor arrangements typically place contractual responsibility on the vendor for resulting liability and we generally rely on our vendors to provide authentic merchandise that matches the stated quality attributes and complies with applicable product safety and other laws, any with consumer product safety laws may subject us to product recalls, make certain products unsalable, or require us to incur significant compliance costs. We require our vendors (for both import and domestic purchasing) to contractually confirm that they adhere to various conduct, compliance, and other requirements, including those relating to environmental, employment and labor (including wages and working conditions), health, safety, and standards. From time to time, our vendors, their contractors, or their subcontractors may be alleged to not be in compliance with these standards or with applicable local laws. Although we have implemented policies and procedures to promote compliance with laws and regulations relating to doing business in foreign markets and importing merchandise, and to monitor the compliance of our suppliers, this does not guarantee that suppliers and other third parties with whom we do business will not violate (or not allegedly violate) such laws and regulations or our policies. Significant or continuing (or alleged ) with such standards and laws by one or more vendors could have a negative impact on our reputation, could subject us to claims and liability, and could have an adverse effect on our results of operations. Regardless of fault, any real or perceived issues with the quality and safety of merchandise we offer (particularly products such as food and children’s items), issues with the authenticity of merchandise, or our inability or that of our vendors, to comply on a timely basis with laws and regulatory requirements, could adversely affect our reputation, result in lost sales, inventory , uninsured product liability or other legal claims, penalties or losses, merchandise recalls, and increased costs. An adverse outcome in various legal, regulatory, or tax matters could damage our reputation or brand and increase our costs. As an ordinary part of our business, we are involved in various legal proceedings, regulatory reviews, tax audits, and/or other legal matters. These may include lawsuits, inquiries, demands, or other claims or proceedings by governmental entities and private plaintiffs, including those relating to employment and employee benefits (including classification, employment rights, discrimination, harassment, wage and hour, and retaliation), workplace safety, securities, real estate, tort, commercial, consumer protection, privacy, product compliance and safety, advertising, environmental, comparative pricing, product labeling, intellectual property, tax, escheat, and claims. We continue to be involved in a number of lawsuits, including class/representative actions which are primarily in California. 16 We are subject to federal, state, and local rules and regulations in the United States, and to various international laws, which change from time to time. These legal requirements collectively affect multiple aspects of our business, including the cost of health care, workforce management and employee benefits, minimum wages, advertising, comparative pricing, import/export, sourcing and manufacturing, data protection (including customer and associate data privacy, choice, and notification rights), intellectual property, and others. If we fail to comply (or are alleged not to comply) with any of these requirements, we may be subject to fines, settlements, penalties, or other costs. In addition, an adverse outcome (or the adverse publicity from the claims) in any of these matters may damage our reputation or brand. We are also subject to the continuous examination of our tax returns and reports by federal, state, and local tax authorities and these examining authorities may challenge positions we take. Significant judgment is required in evaluating and estimating our tax provisions and reserves for legal claims. Actual results may differ, and our costs may exceed the reserves we establish in estimating the probable outcomes. In addition, applicable accounting principles and interpretations may change from time to time, and those changes could have material effects on our reported operating results and financial condition. ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS Not applicable. ITEM 1C. CYBERSECURITY RISK RISK MANAGEMENT AND STRATEGY We have a cybersecurity program that is intended to assess, identify, and manage material risks from cybersecurity threats to our business. Our program includes policies and procedures for detection, assessment, response, mitigation, remediation, and reporting of cybersecurity incidents and threats. Overall, our cybersecurity program is a strategic component of our risk management framework and activities . Our cybersecurity program is led by our Information Technology (“IT”) team. The IT team is principally responsible for developing, managing, and implementing our cybersecurity risk assessment processes, maintaining and implementing our incident response plans, selecting and implementing security controls, providing cybersecurity training, performing ongoing threat analysis, and responding to cybersecurity threats and incidents. The cybersecurity program also draws upon a combination of industry frameworks, including the National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) Cybersecurity Framework, that are designed to help companies measure their security posture, reduce cybersecurity risks, and provide guidance for implementing effective security controls. Our risk management approach and processes for cybersecurity extend to assessing and managing risks from cybersecurity threats associated with our use of service providers , by employing vetting processes, including the conducting of security assessments and monitoring activities, to verify that service providers adhere to our policies and contractual requirements. In addition, we engage and work with a range of advisors, including cybersecurity consultants, legal counsel, and auditors, to help us assess, test, and otherwise assist in the development and review of our cybersecurity processes. These relationships enable us to benefit from specialized knowledge and insights to help inform our cybersecurity strategies. As of the date of this filing, to our knowledge, our business strategy, results of operations, and financial condition have not been materially affected by risks from cybersecurity threats or previously identified cybersecurity incidents, but there is no assurance that we will not be materially affected in the future by such risks or future incidents. For more information on our cybersecurity related risks, see ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS. GOVERNANCE Our Board of Directors exercises general oversight of our risk management activities, including our cybersecurity program. With respect to risks related to cybersecurity, our Board of Directors has delegated the primary oversight responsibility to the Audit Committee. The Audit Committee, along with management, reports to the full Board of Directors on these matters throughout the year. 17 The Audit Committee receives quarterly cybersecurity reports and engages directly with our management team, including our Chief Information Officer (“CIO”) and Chief Information Security Officer (“CISO”), on cybersecurity risk management and related risk topics, including incident response and recovery protocols, associate trainings and awareness, recent Company and industry developments, and our related compliance programs and practices. Our cybersecurity program and practices are also evaluated through various internal and audits and assessments, with the results reported to the Audit Committee. Our CIO and CISO are principally responsible for assessing and managing our material risks from cybersecurity threats. They lead efforts to prevent, identify, detect, mitigate, and remediate material cybersecurity risks and incidents through various means, including by receiving alerts and reports produced by security tools deployed in our IT systems. Together, our CIO and CISO have decades of experience in cybersecurity and in retail, including leadership experience in cybersecurity risk management, incident response and recovery, compliance, governance, IT systems and technology, and overall cyber defense methodologies. 18 ITEM 2. PROPERTIES At January 31, 2026, we operated a total of 2,267 stores, of which 1,904 were Ross stores in 44 states, the District of Columbia, Guam, and Puerto Rico, and 363 were dd’s DISCOUNTS stores in 22 states. See additional discussion under “Stores” in ITEM 1. BUSINESS. The following table summarizes the locations of our stores by state/territory as of January 31, 2026 and February 1, 2025. State/Territory January 31, 2026 February 1, 2025 Alabama 30 30 Arizona 96 91 Arkansas 11 11 California 491 476 Colorado 42 43 Connecticut 1 — Delaware 4 4 District of Columbia 2 2 Florida 253 248 Georgia 74 70 Guam 3 3 Hawaii 19 19 Idaho 13 12 Illinois 107 104 Indiana 37 36 Iowa 10 9 Kansas 15 15 Kentucky 19 19 Louisiana 24 24 Maryland 38 35 Michigan 23 16 Minnesota 7 4 Mississippi 13 12 Missouri 32 32 Montana 6 6 Nebraska 10 10 Nevada 44 43 New Jersey 27 22 New Mexico 24 23 New York 12 7 North Carolina 57 56 North Dakota 4 4 Ohio 29 27 Oklahoma 32 31 Oregon 31 31 Pennsylvania 64 64 Puerto Rico 3 — South Carolina 32 32 South Dakota 2 2 Tennessee 46 45 Texas 321 312 Utah 28 27 Virginia 43 44 Washington 49 48 West Virginia 4 4 Wisconsin 31 29 Wyoming 4 4 Total 2,267 2,186 19 Where possible, we obtain sites in buildings requiring minimal alterations, allowing us to establish stores in new locations in a relatively short period of time and at reasonable costs in a given market. Nearly all of our stores are leased. The majority of our new stores have unexpired original lease terms ranging from three years to ten years, with three to four renewal options of five years each. The following table summarizes the location and approximate sizes of our distribution/warehouse facilities and office locations as of January 31, 2026. Square footage information for the distribution and warehouse facilities represents total ground floor area of the facility. Total Approximate Square Footage (in millions) Location Number of Facilities Owned Leased Distribution and Warehouse Facilities Buckeye, Arizona 1 1.7 — Moreno Valley, California 3 1.3 1.9 Perris, California 2 2.0 — Shafter, California 3 1.7 1.4 Randleman, North Carolina 1 1 1.8 — Carlisle, Pennsylvania 4 0.5 0.6 Fort Mill, South Carolina 5 2.1 0.4 Rock Hill, South Carolina 2 1.2 0.4 Brookshire, Texas 1 1.9 — Office Space 2 Dublin, California 1 0.4 — Los Angeles, California 1 — 0.1 New York City, New York 3 1 0.6 — 1 We are currently in the process of completing the construction of this distribution center. 2 We also operate a smaller buying office located in Boston, Massachusetts. 3 Our New York buying office building is subject to a 99-year ground lease. See additional discussion under “Distribution” in ITEM 1. BUSINESS. 20 ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS We have been named in class/representative action lawsuits, primarily in California, alleging violations by us of wage and hour laws. Class/representative action litigation remains pending as of January 31, 2026. We are also party to various other legal and regulatory proceedings arising in the normal course of business. Actions filed against us may include commercial, product and product safety, consumer, intellectual property, environmental, and labor and claims, including lawsuits in which private plaintiffs or governmental agencies allege that we violated federal, state, and/or local laws. Actions against us are in various procedural stages. Many of these proceedings raise factual and legal issues and are subject to uncertainties. Like many retailers and other businesses, we have filed a lawsuit as plaintiff against various insurance companies with respect to our claims for insurance coverage for business interruption and for other losses that we have experienced as a result of the pandemic. Our suit was filed in Alameda County, California in December 2020. The proceedings are ongoing and remain subject to significant uncertainties. We believe that the resolution of our currently pending class/representative action litigation and other currently pending legal and regulatory proceedings will not have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows. ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES Not applicable. 21 PART II ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT’S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS, AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES General information. Our stock is traded on The Nasdaq Global Select Market ® under the symbol ROST. There were 1,111 stockholders of record as of March 9, 2026, and the closing stock price on that date was $212.15 per share. Cash dividends. On March 3, 2026, our Board of Directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.4450 per common share, payable on March 31, 2026. Our Board of Directors declared a cash dividend of $0.4050 per common share in March, May, August, and November 2025. Our Board of Directors declared a cash dividend of $0.3675 per common share in March, May, August, and November 2024. Issuer purchases of equity securities. Information regarding shares of common stock we repurchased during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2025 is as follows: Period Total number of shares (or units) purchased 1 Average price paid per share (or unit) Total number of shares (or units) purchased as part of publicly announced plans or programs Maximum number (or approximate dollar value) of shares (or units) that may yet be purchased under the plans or programs ($000) November (11/02/2025 - 11/29/2025) 396,793 $ 165.39 396,793 $ 196,880 December (11/30/2025 - 01/03/2026) 597,318 180.49 597,318 89,060 January (01/04/2026 - 01/31/2026) 470,635 189.24 470,635 — Total 1,464,746 $ 179.21 1,464,746 $ — 1 We did not acquire shares of treasury stock during the quarter ended January 31, 2026. Treasury stock includes shares acquired from employees for tax withholding purposes related to vesting of restricted stock grants. In March 2026, our Board of Directors approved a new, program to repurchase up to $2.55 billion of the Company’s common stock through January 29, 2028. This program follows the previously completed $2.1 billion stock repurchase program, effective through fiscal 2025. Refer to Note C: Compensation in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for equity compensation plan information. The information under Item 12 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K under the caption “Equity compensation plan information” is incorporated herein by reference. Stockholder Return Performance Graph The following information in this Item 5 shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, nor shall it be deemed incorporated by reference in any filing under the Securities Act of 1933. The graph below compares total stockholder returns over the last five years for our common stock to the Standard & Poor’s 500 Index (“S&P Index”) and the Dow Jones Apparel Retailers Index. We use the Dow Jones Apparel Retailers Index in our performance graph because we believe the retail companies comprising that index are aligned with the segment of the retail industry in which we operate, and it provides a relevant comparison against which to measure our stock performance. 22 The cumulative total return listed below assumed an initial investment of $100 and reinvestment of dividends at each fiscal and measures the performance of this investment as of the last trading day in the month of January for each of the following five years. These measurement dates are based on the historical data available and vary slightly from our actual fiscal year end date for each period. Data with respect to returns for the S&P Index and the Dow Jones Apparel Retailers Index is not readily available for periods shorter than one month. The graph is a historical representation of past performance only and is not necessarily indicative of future performance. COMPARISON OF 5 YEAR CUMULATIVE TOTAL RETURN Among Ross Stores, Inc., the S&P 500 Index, and Dow Jones Apparel Retailers Indexed Returns for Fiscal Years Ended Base Period Company/Index 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024 2025 Ross Stores, Inc. 100 87 110 134 141 179 S&P 500 Index 100 123 113 137 173 201 Dow Jones Apparel Retailers 100 111 121 135 173 209 23 ITEM 6. RESERVED ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS This section and other parts of this Form 10-K contain statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results may differ materially from the results discussed in the statements. Factors that might cause such differences include, but are not limited to, those discussed below under the caption “ Statements” and also those in ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The following discussion should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Overview Ross Stores, Inc. operates two brands of retail apparel and home fashion stores—Ross Dress for Less ® (“Ross”) and dd’s DISCOUNTS ® . Ross is the largest apparel and home fashion chain in the United States, with 1,904 locations in 44 states, the District of Columbia, Guam, and Puerto Rico as of January 31, 2026. Ross offers , , brand name and designer apparel, accessories, footwear, and home fashions for the entire family at savings of 20% to 60% off department and specialty store regular prices every day. We also operate 363 dd’s DISCOUNTS stores in 22 states as of January 31, 2026 that feature a more assortment of , apparel, accessories, footwear, and home fashions for the entire family at savings of 20% to 70% off moderate department and discount store regular prices every day. Fiscal Years The fiscal years ended January 31, 2026, February 1, 2025, and February 3, 2024 are referred to as fiscal 2025, fiscal 2024, and fiscal 2023, respectively. Fiscal 2025 and 2024 were each 52-week years. Fiscal 2023 was a 53-week year. The discussion that follows relates to fiscal 2025 and fiscal 2024. Discussion of fiscal 2023 items and comparisons between fiscal 2024 and fiscal 2023 that are not included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K can be found in Part II, Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for fiscal 2024. Fiscal 2025 Highlights Financial results for fiscal 2025 were as follows: • Sales were $22,751 million, compared to $21,129 million in fiscal 2024. • Comparable store sales increased 5%. • Operating income was $2,707 million, compared to $2,586 million in fiscal 2024. • Operating income as a percentage of sales was 11.9%, compared to 12.2% in fiscal 2024. • Net income was $2,145 million, compared to $2,091 million in fiscal 2024. • Diluted earnings per share were $6.61, compared to $6.32 in fiscal 2024. Key Initiatives Our current key initiatives include the following: • Merchandising: Delivering broad‑based assortments timely and offering more brands at compelling values for our customers. • Marketing: Advancing our marketing initiatives to further strengthen customer awareness and engagement. • Stores: Making meaningful improvements to the shopping experience for our customers. While we believe these initiatives are contributing positively to our business, there remains uncertainty in the broader environment in which we operate. We continue to monitor ongoing macroeconomic factors such as tariffs, inflation, and geopolitical conditions. Our initiatives and our focus on providing merchandise that resonates with our customers remain central to supporting our efforts to drive sustainable, profitable growth. 24 Store Openings The following table summarizes the stores opened and closed during fiscal 2025, 2024, and 2023: Store Count 2025 2024 2023 Ross Dress for Less Beginning of the period 1,831 1,764 1,693 Opened in the period 80 75 72 1 Closed in the period (7) (8) (1) Total Ross Dress for Less stores end of period 1,904 1,831 1,764 dd’s DISCOUNTS Beginning of the period 355 345 322 Opened in the period 10 14 25 Closed in the period (2) (4) (2) Total dd’s DISCOUNTS stores end of period 363 355 345 Total stores end of period 2,267 2,186 2,109 1 Includes the reopening of a store previously temporarily closed due to a weather event. The number of stores at the end of fiscal 2025, 2024, and 2023 increased by 4%, 4%, and 5% from the respective prior years. Our fiscal 2025 expansion program added 90 new stores, and included entry into new geographic markets such as Puerto Rico and the New York Metro area. The total selling square footage as of January 31, 2026, February 1, 2025, and February 3, 2024 was 45.1 million, 43.9 million, and 42.8 million, respectively. Looking forward to 2026, we expect to open approximately 110 new stores, which represents 5% growth. We are planning to open 85 Ross stores and 25 dd’s DISCOUNTS stores in 2026, which reflects the reacceleration of growth for dd’s DISCOUNTS. Our strategy is to open additional stores based on market penetration, local demographic characteristics, competition, expected store profitability, and the ability to leverage overhead expenses. We continually evaluate opportunistic real estate acquisitions and opportunities for potential new store locations. We also evaluate our current store locations and determine store closures based on similar criteria. We continue to believe that customers’ focus on value and convenience supports opportunities to expand our reach and serve more customers over time. Sales Metrics Comparable store sales (“comp store sales”) is a metric used by management and across the retail industry to evaluate the performance of existing stores by measuring the change in net sales for a particular period over the comparable prior period of equivalent length. We define comp store sales to be sales from stores that have been open for 14 complete months. Sales excluded from comp store sales (“ store sales”) consist primarily of sales from new stores that have been open for less than 14 complete months. store sales also include sales from stores that are permanently closed (beginning in the month prior to closure) and temporarily closed (i.e., stores that do not have sales for at least two weeks within a fiscal month). The calculation of comp store sales varies across the retail industry; therefore, our measure of comp store sales may differ from other retailers. Metrics relating to customer purchasing behavior, such as “traffic” (defined as the number of transactions) and “basket” (defined as average transaction value), may provide additional insight into our comp store sales results (see Sales discussion below). 25 Results of Operations The following table summarizes our financial results for fiscal 2025, 2024, and 2023: 2025 2024 2023 Sales Sales (millions) $ 22,751 $ 21,129 $ 20,377 Sales growth 8 % 4 % 9 % Comparable store sales growth 5 % 3 % 5 % Costs and expenses (as a percent of sales) Cost of goods sold 72.3 % 72.2% 72.7% Selling, general and administrative 15.8 % 15.5% 16.0% Operating income (as a percent of sales) 11.9 % 12.2% 11.3% Interest income, net (as a percent of sales) (0.6) % (0.8)% (0.8)% Net earnings (as a percent of sales) 9.4 % 9.9% 9.2% Sales. Sales for fiscal 2025 increased approximately $1,621 million, or 8%, compared to the prior year. This was primarily due to the 5% increase in comparable store sales of approximately $961 million and an increase in store sales of approximately $660 million. The 5% increase in comparable store sales was driven by an approximate 3% increase in basket and 2% increase in traffic. Our sales mix is shown below for fiscal 2025, 2024, and 2023: 2025 1 2024 2023 Home Accents and Bed and Bath 26 % 26 % 26 % Ladies 22 % 22 % 23 % Men’s 15 % 16 % 15 % Accessories, Lingerie, Fine Jewelry, and Cosmetics 15 % 15 % 15 % Shoes 13 % 12 % 13 % Children’s 9 % 9 % 8 % Total 100 % 100 % 100 % Cost of goods sold. Cost of goods sold in fiscal 2025 increased approximately $1,187 million compared to the prior year, primarily due to the increase in sales. Cost of goods sold as a percentage of sales for fiscal 2025 increased approximately 10 basis points from fiscal 2024, primarily due to a 25 basis point increase in distribution costs mainly due to the deleveraging effect from the opening of our eighth distribution center in Buckeye, Arizona in May 2025. Merchandise margin decreased 20 basis points primarily due to costs. Partially offsetting these higher costs were lower domestic freight costs of 20 basis points, lower buying costs of 10 basis points, and 5 basis points of leverage in occupancy costs. Selling, general and administrative expenses. For fiscal 2025, selling, general and administrative expenses (“SG&A”) increased approximately $313 million compared to the prior year, primarily due to higher costs. In December 2024, we completed the sale of a packaway warehouse facility and recognized a gain on sale of $61.6 million. SG&A as a percentage of sales for fiscal 2025 increased 25 basis points compared to fiscal 2024, primarily due to the gain recognized from this sale in fiscal 2024. 26 Operating income. Operating income as a percentage of sales for fiscal 2025 decreased by 35 basis points compared to fiscal 2024, as both SG&A and cost of goods sold increased as a percentage of sales . We expect our operating income as a percentage of sales to be slightly higher in fiscal 2026 than in fiscal 2025, reflecting higher merchandise margin and lower distribution costs, partially offset by higher costs related to our key initiatives. Interest income, net . In fiscal 2025, interest income, net decreased by approximately $37 million compared to fiscal 2024, primarily due to decreased interest income both from lower average interest rates and from lower average cash balances, which decreased largely due to our repayment at maturity of unsecured senior debt (“Senior Notes”) of $700 million in April 2025 and $250 million in September 2024. The decrease in interest income was partially offset by lower interest expense primarily due to the repayment of those Senior Notes. The table below shows the components of interest income, net for fiscal 2025, 2024, and 2023: ($ millions) 2025 2024 2023 Interest income $ (173) $ (235) $ (238) Capitalized interest (13) (20) (12) Other interest expense 2 2 2 Interest expense on debt 49 81 84 Interest income, net $ (135) $ (172) $ (164) Taxes on earnings. Our effective tax rates for fiscal 2025, 2024, and 2023 were approximately 24.5%, 24.2%, and 24.2%, respectively. The increase in the effective tax rate compared to the prior year was primarily due to the tax effects associated with compensation. Our effective tax rate represents the applicable combined federal and state statutory rates reduced by the federal benefit of state taxes deductible on federal returns. Our effective tax rate is impacted by changes in tax law and accounting guidance, location of new stores, level of earnings, tax effects associated with compensation, and the resolution of tax positions with various tax authorities. In July 2025, “An Act to provide for reconciliation pursuant to title II of H. Con. Res. 14.”, also known as the “One Big Beautiful Bill Act” (“OBBBA”), was signed into law. The OBBBA made several changes to business tax provisions including the reinstatement of 100% bonus depreciation and immediate expensing of domestic research and development expenditures. These changes did not have a material impact to our consolidated financial statements in fiscal 2025. Earnings per share. Diluted earnings per share in fiscal 2025 was $6.61 compared to $6.32 in the prior year. The $0.29, or 5%, increase in diluted earnings per share in fiscal 2025 was primarily attributab le to a 3% increase in net earnings and a 2% reduction in diluted shares outstanding largely due to stock repurchases under our stock repurchase program. Fiscal 2025 earnings included an estimated unfavorable impact of approximately $0.16 per share . Fiscal 2024 earnings included a per share benefit of approximately $0.14 from the sale of the packaway warehouse facility. 27 Financial Condition Liquidity and Capital Resources The primary sources of funds for our business activities are cash flows from operations and trade credit. Our primary ongoing cash requirements are for merchandise inventory purchases, payroll, operating and variable lease costs, taxes, capital expenditures related to our new and existing stores, and investments in distribution centers, information systems, and buying and corporate offices. We also use cash to repurchase stock under active stock repurchase programs, repay debt as it becomes due, and pay dividends. The $500 million principal amount of our 0.875% Senior Notes is due in April 2026. In April 2025, we repaid at maturity $700 million of Senior Notes, and in September 2024 we repaid at maturity $250 million of Senior Notes. ($ millions) 2025 2024 2023 Cash provided by operating activities $ 3,027 $ 2,357 $ 2,514 Cash used in investing activities (819) (637) (763) Cash used in financing activities (2,342) (1,859) (1,428) Net (decrease) increase in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash and cash equivalents $ (134) $ (139) $ 323 Operating Activities Net cash provided by operating activities was approximately $3,027 million in fiscal 2025. This was primarily driven by net earnings excluding expenses for depreciation, amortization, and compensation, partially offset by the payment of fiscal 2024 incentive bonuses in fiscal 2025. Net cash provided by operating activities was approximately $2,357 million in fiscal 2024. This was primarily driven by net earnings excluding expenses for depreciation, amortization, compensation, and the gain on sale of a packaway warehouse facility, partially offset by the payment of fiscal 2023 incentive bonuses in fiscal 2024. The approximately $670 million increase in cash provided by operating activities in fiscal 2025 compared to fiscal 2024 was primarily driven by higher accounts payable leverage (defined as Accounts payable divided by Merchandise inventory), lower taxes paid, lower incentive bonus payments, and higher net earnings. Accounts payable leverage was 91% and 87% as of January 31, 2026 and February 1, 2025 , respectively. The increase in accounts payable leverage was primarily due to the timing of inventory receipts and related payments versus the prior year. As a regular part of our business, packaway inventory levels will vary over time based on availability of compelling merchandise purchase opportunities in the marketplace and our decisions on the timing for release of that inventory to our stores. Packaway merchandise is purchased with the intent that it will be stored in our warehouses until a later date. The timing of the release of packaway inventory to our stores is principally driven by the product mix and seasonality of the merchandise, and its relation to our store merchandise assortment plans. As such, the aging of packaway varies by merchandise category and seasonality of purchase, but typically packaway remains in storage for less than six months. We expect to continue to take advantage of packaway inventory opportunities to maximize our ability to deliver bargains to our customers. Changes in packaway inventory levels affect our operating cash flow. Packaway inventory was 37% of total inventory at the end of fiscal 2025, compared to 41% at the end of fiscal 2024. 28 Investing Activities Net cash used in investing activities was approximately $819 million in fiscal 2025, primarily related to our capital expenditures. Net cash used in investing activities was approximately $637 million in fiscal 2024, primarily related to our capital expenditures, partially offset by cash proceeds from the sale of the packaway warehouse facility. Our capital expenditures include costs to open new stores and improve existing stores, build, expand, and improve distribution centers, and for various other expenditures related to our information technology systems and buying and corporate offices. The approximately $182 million increase in cash used in investing activities in fiscal 2025 compared to fiscal 2024 was primarily due to higher capital expenditures in the current year related to the construction of our next distribution center in Randleman, North Carolina, and cash proceeds received in the prior year from the sale of the packaway facility. Our capital expenditures over the last three years are set forth in the table below: ($ millions) 2025 2024 2023 Distribution and transportation $ 297 $ 260 $ 306 New stores 232 193 209 Existing stores 189 171 168 Information systems, corporate, and other 101 96 80 Total capital expenditures $ 819 $ 720 $ 763 Capital expenditures for fiscal 2026 are projected to be approximately $1.1 billion. Our planned capital expenditures for fiscal 2026 include costs to open new stores and improve existing stores, investments in our supply chain to support growth, including construction of our next distribution centers, investments in our information technology systems, and for various other expenditures related to our stores, distribution centers, and buying and corporate offices. We expect to fund capital expenditures with available cash. The increase in our planned capital expenditures for fiscal 2026 compared to fiscal 2025 is primarily driven by investments in new stores and existing stores, investments in our next distribution centers, and various investments in our information technology systems. Financing Activities Net cash used in financing activities was approximately $2,342 million in fiscal 2025, primarily resulting from stock repurchases under our stock repurchase program, the repayment at maturity of $700 million of Senior Notes in April 2025, and dividend payments. Net cash used in financing activities was approximately $1,859 million in fiscal 2024, primarily resulting from stock repurchases under our stock repurchase program, dividend payments, and the repayment at maturity of $250 million of Senior Notes in September 2024. The approximately $484 million increase in cash used in financing activities in fiscal 2025 compared to fiscal 2024 was primarily due to higher Senior Notes repayments . Revolving credit facilities. In 2025, we entered into a new, $1.3 billion senior unsecured revolving credit facility (the “2025 Credit Facility”), which replaced our previous $1.3 billion unsecured credit facility. As of January 31, 2026 , we had no borrowings or standby letters of credit outstanding under the 2025 Credit Facility, our 2025 Credit Facility remained in place and available, and we were in compliance with the financial covenant. Refer to Note D: Debt in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. Senior notes. As of January 31, 2026, we had approximately $1.5 billion of outstanding Senior Notes , of which approximately $500 million was classified within Current Liabilities on our Consolidated Balance Sheet. Refer to Note D: Debt in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 29 Other financing activities. Stock Repurchases The following table summarizes our stock repurchase activity in fiscal 2025, 2024, and 2023: Fiscal Year Shares repurchased (in millions) Average repurchase price Amount repurchased (in millions) 1 2025 7.1 $ 147.61 $ 1,050 2024 7.3 $ 144.46 $ 1,050 2023 8.2 $ 115.24 $ 950 1 Amount excludes excise tax due under the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022. In March 2026, our Board of Directors approved a new, program to repurchase up to $2.55 billion of the Company’s common stock through January 29, 2028. Refer to Note H: Shareholders’ Equity in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information relating to our stock repurchase program. Dividends On March 3, 2026, our Board of Directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.4450 per common share, payable on March 31, 2026. Our Board of Directors declared a cash dividend of $0.4050 per common share in March, May, August, and November 2025. Our Board of Directors declared a cash dividend of $0.3675 per common share in March, May, August, and November 2024, and a cash dividend of $0.3350 per common share in February, May, August, and November 2023. During fiscal 2025, 2024, and 2023, we paid dividends of $528.1 million, $488.7 million, and $454.8 million, respectively. Other trade credit represents a significant source of financing for our merchandise inventory. Trade credit arises from customary payment terms and trade practices with our vendors. We regularly review the adequacy of credit available to us from all sources and expect to be able to maintain adequate trade credit, bank credit facility, and other credit sources to meet our capital and liquidity requirements. During fiscal 2025, fiscal 2024, and fiscal 2023, our liquidity and capital requirements were provided by available cash and cash flows from operations. We ended fiscal 2025 with $4.6 billion of unrestricted cash balances, which were held primarily in overnight money market funds invested in U.S. treasury and government instruments across a highly diversified set of banks and other financial institutions. We also have $1.3 billion available under our 2025 Credit Facility. We estimate that existing cash and cash equivalent balances, cash flows from operations, our 2025 Credit Facility, and trade credit are adequate to meet our operating cash needs and to fund our common stock repurchases, planned capital investments, quarterly dividend payments, and debt repayments, and interest payments for at least the next 12 months. 30 Contractual Obligations The table below presents our significant contractual obligations as of January 31, 2026: Less than 1 year Greater than 1 year Total¹ ($ millions) Recorded contractual obligations: Senior notes $ 500 $ 1,025 $ 1,525 Operating leases 800 3,116 3,916 New York buying office ground lease 2 7 1,085 1,092 Unrecorded contractual obligations: Real estate obligations 3 11 272 283 Interest payment obligations 37 262 299 Purchase obligations 4 4,982 52 5,034 Total contractual obligations $ 6,337 $ 5,812 $ 12,149 1 We have a $60.3 million liability for unrecognized tax benefits that is included in Other liabilities on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. This liability is excluded from the schedule above as the timing of payments cannot be reasonably estimated. 2 Our New York buying office building is subject to a 99-year ground lease. 3 Minimum lease payments for operating leases signed that have not yet commenced. 4 Purchase obligations primarily consist of merchandise inventory purchase orders and commitments related to transportation, construction projects, information technology services, and store fixtures and supplies. Supply chain finance program. We facilitate a voluntary supply chain finance program (“SCF program”) to provide certain suppliers with the opportunity to sell their receivables due from us to participating financial institutions at the sole discretion of both the suppliers and the financial institutions. A financial institution administers the SCF program. Our responsibility is limited to making payments on the terms originally negotiated with each supplier, regardless of whether a supplier sells its receivable to a financial institution. We are not a party to the agreements between the participating financial institutions and the suppliers in connection with the SCF program, and we do not receive financial incentives from the suppliers or the financial institutions. We do not provide guarantees under the SCF program, and our rights and obligations to our suppliers are not affected by the SCF program. The range of payment terms negotiated with a supplier is consistent, irrespective of whether a supplier participates in the SCF program. All outstanding payments owed under the SCF program are recorded within Accounts payable in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. We account for all payments made under the SCF program as a reduction to operating cash flows in Accounts payable within the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. The amounts owed to participating financial institutions under the SCF program and included in Accounts payable were $208.2 million and $159.2 million as of January 31, 2026 and February 1, 2025, respectively. Standby letters of credit and collateral trust. We use standby letters of credit outside of our revolving credit facility and a funded trust to collateralize some of our insurance obligations. As of January 31, 2026 and February 1, 2025, we had $1.0 million and $1.8 million, respectively, in standby letters of credit outstanding. As of January 31, 2026 and February 1, 2025, we had $66.6 million and $63.9 million, respectively, held in a collateral trust. The standby letters of credit are collateralized by restricted cash and the collateral trust consists of restricted cash and cash equivalents. Other than the unrecorded contractual obligations noted above, we did not have any material sheet arrangements as of January 31, 2026. 31 Other Critical Accounting Estimates The preparation of our consolidated financial statements requires our management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts. These estimates and assumptions are evaluated on an ongoing basis and are based on historical experience and on various other factors that management believes to be reasonable. We believe the following critical accounting estimates describe the more significant judgments and estimates used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements and are not intended to be a comprehensive list of all of our accounting estimates. Merchandise inventory. Our merchandise inventory is stated at the lower of cost (determined using a basis) or net realizable value. Inventory we purchase can either be shipped to stores or processed as packaway merchandise with the intent that it will be warehoused and released to stores at a later date. Merchandise inventory includes acquisition, transportation, pr ocessing, and storage costs. Included in the carrying value of our merchandise inventory is a provision for shortage. The shortage reserve is based on historical shortage rates as determined through our annual physical inventory counts and cycle counts. Historically, our actual physical inventory count results have shown our provision for shortage to be reliable. A five percent change in shortage rates as of January 31, 2026 would not have materially impacted our cost of goods sold in fiscal 2025. Insurance obligations. We use a combination of insurance and for a number of risk management activities, including workers’ compensation, general liability, and health care benefits. Our and deductible liability is determined actuarially, based on claims filed and an estimate of claims incurred but not reported. Should a greater amount of claims occur compared to what is estimated or the costs of medical care increase beyond what was anticipated, our recorded reserves may not be sufficient and additional charges could be required. A five percent increase or decrease in our insurance reserves would not have materially impacted our net earnings in fiscal 2025. Recent Accounting Pronouncements Refer to Note A: Summary of Significant Accounting Policies in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for a discussion of recent accounting pronouncements and their impact to our Consolidated Financial Statements. Statements Our Annual Report on Form 10-K for fiscal 2025, and information we provide in our Annual Report to Stockholders, press releases, and other investor communications (including those on our corporate website), may contain a number of statements regarding, without limitation, projected sales, costs and earnings, planned new store growth and entry into new geographic markets, capital expenditures, liquidity, and other matters. These statements reflect our beliefs, plans, and estimates with respect to future events and our projected financial performance, operations, and competitive position. The words “plan,” “expect,” “target,” “anticipate,” “estimate,” “believe,” “forecast,” “projected,” “guidance,” “outlook,” “looking ahead,” and similar expressions identify statements. Future impact from inflation, increases in tariffs on imported goods, interest rate changes, ongoing military conflicts and economic sanctions, extreme weather, public health crises (including pandemics), natural disasters, and other economic, regulatory, consumer spending, and industry trends that could potentially adversely affect our revenue, profitability, operating conditions, and growth are difficult to predict. Our statements are subject to risks and uncertainties which could cause our actual results to differ materially from those statements and our previous expectations, plans, and projections. Refer to ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a more complete discussion of risk factors for Ross and dd’s DISCOUNTS. The factors underlying our forecasts and plans are dynamic and subject to change. As a result, any forecasts or statements speak only as of the date they are given, and do not necessarily reflect our outlook at any other point in time. We disclaim any obligation to update or revise these statements. 32 ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK We are exposed to market risks, which primarily include changes in interest rates. We do not engage in financial transactions for trading or speculative purposes. Interest that is payable on our revolving credit facility is based on variable interest rates and is, therefore, affected by changes in market interest rates. As of January 31, 2026, we had no borrowings outstanding under our revolving credit facility. As of January 31, 2026, we had outstanding five series of unsecured Senior Notes. Interest that is payable on all series of our Senior Notes is based on fixed interest rates, and is therefore unaffected by changes in market interest rates. We receive interest on our short- and investments. Changes in interest rates may impact interest income recognized in the future, or the fair value of our investment portfolio. A hypothetical 100 basis point increase or decrease in prevailing market interest rates would not have a material negative impact on our consolidated financial position, results of operations, cash flows, or the fair values of our short- and investments as of and for the year ended January 31, 2026. We do not consider the potential losses in future earnings and cash flows from reasonably possible

[truncated]