BETA Close X ME Group International PLC announced that on July 29, 2026, Vladimir Crasneanscki, Deputy Chief Executive Officer, was granted a phantom option for 300,000 notional ordinary shares under the Company's Executive Share Option Scheme (2024). This option, with a notional exercise price of 148.67 pence per share, is conditional on continued employment and achieving specific 2028 earnings per share performance criteria, with potential vesting on the third anniversary of the grant. The exercise gains are settled in cash, and the option does not confer any interest in or right to acquire actual ordinary shares. Disclaimer* ME Group International PLC 30 July 2026 30 July 2026 ​ ME Group International plc (the 'Company') Notification of Transactions of Persons Discharging Managerial Responsibility (PDMRs) The Company announces that on 29 July 2026 a phantom option in relation to notional ordinary shares of 0.5 pence each in the Company was granted under the Company's Executive Share Option Scheme (2024) (the 'Scheme') to the following person discharging managerial responsibilities: Participant Position Details of phantom option Vladimir Crasneanscki Deputy Chief Executive Officer Phantom option over 300,000 notional shares The phantom option may vest on the third anniversary of its grant subject to continued employment at the Company and only to the extent certain performance criteria based on 2028 earnings per share performance are achieved. No consideration was paid for the grant of the phantom option. The number of notional ordinary shares under the option was calculated by reference to 148.67 pence per notional share which is also the phantom option's notional exercise price per notional share. The price of 148.67 pence is the same price as used in respect of the share options under Scheme granted to other Company employees on 30 April 2026 which also had the same performance criteria attached. The exercise gains can only be settled with cash. The phantom option provides no interest in or right to acquire ordinary shares in the Company. The information below is provided in accordance with the requirements of the UK Market Abuse Regulation. Enquiries: ME Group International plc Delmo Mansi, Company Secretary 01372 453399 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / person closely associated a) Vladimir Crasneanscki 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/status Deputy Chief Executive Officer b) Initial notification /Amendment Initial 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name ME Group International plc b) LEI 2138006YJ65EKBYYYX41 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Phantom option over notional ordinary shares of 0.5p each in the Company Identification code GB0008481250 b) Nature of the transaction Grant of a phantom option over notional ordinary shares in the Company under the Company's Executive Share Option Scheme 2024, conditional on future performance and continued service. The phantom option will vest three years after the date of grant and to the extent they vest may remain exercisable until the tenth anniversary of the date of grant. A notional exercise price of 148.67 pence per notional share. The exercise gains can only be settled with cash. The phantom option provides no interest in or right to acquire ordinary shares in the Company. c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price per share Volume(s) Nil 300,000 notional shares d) Aggregated information - Aggregated volume N/A - Single transaction - Price Nil e) Date of the transaction 29 July 2026 f) Place of the transaction Outside a trading venue END This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Me Group International (MEGP) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 minute ago Savills 28 minutes ago Berkeley Group Holdings (The) 33 minutes ago Great Southern Copper 42 minutes ago OSB Group 46 minutes ago Taylor Wimpey All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and