BETA Close X ME Group International PLC announced that Tania Crasnianski stepped down as Executive Director and from the Executive Team on March 17, 2026, while remaining on the Board as a non-executive director. Her responsibilities, which included overseeing entities in Germany, Austria, the UK, Ireland, Switzerland, and Finland, have been assumed by the newly appointed Chief Operating Officer, Christophe Dantcikian. The company expressed gratitude for Ms. Crasnianski's contributions and anticipates continued benefit from her expertise in her non-executive role. Disclaimer* ME Group International PLC 28 April 2026 28 April 2026 ME GROUP INTERNATIONAL PLC ('ME Group', the 'Company' or the 'Group') Change of duties of Executive Director ME Group International plc, the instant-service equipment group, announces that Tania Crasnianski stepped back from her role as Executive Director of the Company from 17 March 2026 and accordingly has also stood down from the Executive Team. Miss Crasnianski remains on the board of Directors (the 'Board') in a non-executive capacity. Miss Crasnianski was appointed to the Board as an Executive Director in June 2021. In that capacity, she exercised a supervisory role over the Group's entities in Germany, Austria, UK, Ireland, Switzerland and Finland, as well as sitting on the Executive Team. In this latter capacity she played a pivotal role in providing, amongst other things, the optimisation of synergies and the sharing of corporate and operational best practices throughout the Group. The Executive Team has recently been expanded to include the new Chief Operating Officer, Christophe Dantcikian, whose appointment was announced on 2 March 2026. Mr Dantcikian is responsible for matters formerly under Miss Crasnianski's purview. Sir John Lewis OBE, Non-executive Chairman, said: 'I wish to place on record the thanks of the entire Board for the invaluable service and indefatigable dedication that Tania has brought to bear in the discharge of her duties. My fellow directors and I are delighted that she will continue to serve on the Board in a non-executive capacity and that as such the Board will continue to benefit from her in-depth knowledge of the Group, her wise counsel, and focussed and forensic insight.' ENQUIRIES: ME Group International plc +44 (0) 1372 453 399 Del Mansi (Company Secretary) Hudson Sandler Wendy Baker / Nick Moore +44 (0) 20 7796 4133 me-group@hudsonsandler.com NOTES TO EDITORS ME Group International plc (LSE: MEGP) is an international market leader in automated self-service equipment aimed at the consumer market, with over 48,000 vending units currently in operation. The Group operates, sells and services a wide range of instant-service vending equipment across 16 countries in its key regions of Continental Europe, the UK & Republic of Ireland and Asia Pacific. The Group's services include: Core activities: · Photo.ME Photobooths and integrated biometric identification solutions · Wash.ME Unattended laundry services and launderettes Ancillary activities: · Print.ME High-quality digital printing kiosks · Other vending Primarily Foodservice vending equipment (Feed.ME), Children's rides (Amuse.ME), Photocopier services (Copy.ME) The Group has a proven track record of innovation and diversification of its products and services, enabling it to respond to the evolving needs of its customers and consumers. The Group benefits from well-established partnerships and long-term contracts with major site owners in attractive, high-footfall locations, enabling it to offer multiple products and services onsite. Partners include supermarkets, petrol forecourts, shopping malls (indoors and outdoors), transport hubs, and administration buildings (City Halls, Police etc.). The Company's shares have been listed on the London Stock Exchange since 1962. For further information: www.me-group.com This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Me Group International (MEGP) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 52 seconds ago Savills 28 minutes ago Berkeley Group Holdings (The) 33 minutes ago Great Southern Copper 42 minutes ago OSB Group 46 minutes ago Taylor Wimpey All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and