Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 70 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 89 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 90 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 90 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 90 Item 9B. Other Information 93 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 93 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 94 Item 11. Executive Compensation 94 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 94 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 94 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 94 PART IV Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 95 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 98 Signatures 99 “Vertex,” “we,” “us” and “our” as used in this Annual Report on Form 10-K refer to Vertex Pharmaceuticals Incorporated, a Massachusetts corporation, and its subsidiaries. “VERTEX ® ,” “KALYDECO ® ,” “ORKAMBI ® ,” “SYMDEKO ® ,” “SYMKEVI ® ,” “TRIKAFTA ® ,” “KAFTRIO ® ,” “CASGEVY ® ,” “ALYFTREK™,” and “JOURNAVX™” are registered trademarks of Vertex. Other brands, names and trademarks contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are the property of their respective owners. We use the brand name for our products when we refer to the product that has been approved and with respect to the indications on the approved label. Otherwise, including in discussions of our cystic fibrosis, sickle cell disease, beta thalassemia, and pain development programs, we refer to our product candidates by their scientific (or generic) name or VX developmental designation. This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains statements. Words such as “anticipates,” “may,” “forecasts,” “expects,” “intends,” “plans,” “potentially,” “believes,” “seeks,” “estimates,” variations of such words and similar expressions are intended to identify such statements, although not all statements contain these identifying words. Please refer to “Special Note Regarding Statements” set forth in Part I, Item 1A, for a discussion of our statements and the related risks and uncertainties of such statements. PART I ITEM 1. BUSINESS OVERVIEW We are a global biotechnology company that invests in scientific innovation to create transformative medicines for people with serious diseases, with a focus on specialty markets. We have seven approved medicines: five that treat the underlying cause of cystic fibrosis (“CF”), a genetic disease, one that treats severe sickle cell disease (“SCD”) and transfusion dependent beta thalassemia (“TDT”), life shortening inherited blood disorders, and one that treats acute pain. Our pipeline includes programs in CF, SCD, beta thalassemia, acute and peripheral neuropathic pain, APOL1-mediated kidney disease, IgA nephropathy and other autoimmune renal diseases and cytopenias, type 1 diabetes, myotonic dystrophy type 1, and autosomal dominant polycystic kidney disease. Our goal in CF is to continue to extend our leadership by developing treatment regimens that will provide benefits to all people with CF. In December 2024, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (the “FDA”) approved ALYFTREK (vanzacaftor/tezacaftor/deutivacaftor), our fifth medicine for people with CF. In addition to ALYFTREK, our marketed medicines that treat people with CF are TRIKAFTA/KAFTRIO (elexacaftor/tezacaftor/ivacaftor and ivacaftor), SYMDEKO/SYMKEVI (tezacaftor/ivacaftor and ivacaftor), ORKAMBI (lumacaftor/ivacaftor) and KALYDECO (ivacaftor). Collectively, our five marketed CF medicines are being used to treat nearly three quarters of the approximately 94,000 people with CF in the U.S., Europe, Australia, and Canada. Through approval of new medicines, label expansions, and expanded reimbursement, we are focused on increasing the number of people with CF who are eligible and able to receive our medicines. We are evaluating our current medicines in additional patient populations, including younger children, with the goal of having small molecule treatments for all people who have at least one mutation in their cystic fibrosis transmembrane conductance regulator (“CFTR”) gene that is responsive to our CFTR modulators. In December 2024, the FDA approved the expanded use of TRIKAFTA for treatment of people with CF. With this approval, 94 additional CFTR mutations have been added to the TRIKAFTA label. We are evaluating , an investigational messenger ribonucleic acid (“mRNA”) therapeutic that we are developing in collaboration with Moderna, Inc. (“Moderna”) in a Phase 1/2 clinical trial in people with CF. The multiple ascending dose portion of the clinical trial is ongoing, and we expect to share data in the first half of 2025. has the potential to benefit the more than 5,000 people with CF in the U.S., Canada, Europe and Australia who do not make CFTR protein and therefore cannot benefit from CFTR modulators. In addition, we are continuing our research and development of additional CFTR modulators, with the aim of developing medicines that can help more patients achieve normal levels of CFTR function, and we are investigating additional potential treatments for people with CF who do not make CFTR protein and cannot benefit from CFTR modulators. In SCD and TDT, our goal is to eliminate crises (“VOCs”) (as well as organ damage) and transfusion dependence, respectively. Our marketed therapy is CASGEVY (exagamglogene autotemcel), an , CRISPR/Cas9 cell therapy, which has been approved in the United States (“U.S.”), the European Union (“E.U.”), the United Kingdom (“U.K.”), the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia (“Saudi Arabia”), the Kingdom of Bahrain (“Bahrain”), the United Arab Emirates (the “UAE”), Canada and Switzerland for treatment of people 12 years of age and older with SCD or TDT. We estimate approximately 60,000 people with severe SCD or TDT are or could become eligible for CASGEVY in the U.S., Canada, Europe, Saudi Arabia and Bahrain. We are evaluating CASGEVY as a treatment for children 5 to 11 years of age with SCD or TDT in global Phase 3 clinical trials. We are progressing preclinical assets for gentler conditioning for CASGEVY, which could broaden the eligible patient population, and investigating small molecules for the potential treatment of SCD and TDT. In January 2025, the FDA approved JOURNAVX (suzetrigine), our selective NaV1.8 pain signal inhibitor, for the treatment of acute pain. We have begun our commercial launch of JOURNAVX in eligible adults in the U.S. In addition, we are enrolling and dosing patients in a Phase 3 clinical trial evaluating suzetrigine for the treatment of diabetic peripheral neuropathy, a common form of peripheral neuropathic pain. We are enrolling and dosing patients in two Phase 2 clinical trials evaluating , a selective NaV1.8 pain signal inhibitor, for the treatment of acute pain and for the treatment of diabetic peripheral neuropathy. In December 2024, we announced results from a Phase 2 clinical trial evaluating suzetrigine in people with lumbosacral radiculopathy (“LSR”). Treatment with suzetrigine 1 demonstrated a statistically significant and clinically meaningful reduction in pain and we plan to advance to pivotal development in LSR, pending discussions with regulators. The following chart sets forth our approved products, programs, and select programs: Beyond CF, SCD, TDT and pain, we are advancing programs across multiple disease areas and modalities, including: • APOL1-Mediated Kidney Disease. We are evaluating inaxaplin, our small molecule for the treatment of APOL1-mediated kidney disease (“AMKD”) . We continue to enroll and dose people with AMKD in the Phase 3 portion of the global Phase 2/3 clinical trial. • IgA Nephropathy . We are developing povetacicept, a dual inhibitor of the B cell activating factor (“BAFF”) and a proliferation-inducing ligand (“APRIL”) pathways, as a potentially approach to treat IgA nephropathy (“IgAN”), a serious progressive, autoimmune kidney disease that can lead to renal disease. We are enrolling and dosing patients in the Phase 3 clinical trial evaluating povetacicept in people with IgAN. • Type 1 Diabetes. Z imislecel, formerly known as , is an allogeneic derived, fully differentiated islet cell therapy in pivotal development for the treatment of type 1 diabetes (“T1D”). We expect to complete enrollment and dosing in the Phase 3 portion of this Phase 1/2/3 clinical trial in 2025. Our second clinical program in T1D, , in which zimislecel is encapsulated in an immunoprotective device, is ongoing. We are also pursuing alternative approaches to immunosuppression that could be used with zimislecel, as well as hypoimmune cells. • Myotonic Dystrophy Type 1. We are exploring multiple approaches to address the underlying causal biology for myotonic dystrophy type 1 (“DM1”), including small molecules. We completed the single ascending dose portion of the global Phase 1/2 clinical trial evaluating , an oligonucleotide-based approach that we have from Entrada Therapeutics, Inc. (“Entrada”). We are enrolling and dosing the multiple ascending dose portion of the trial, which will evaluate the safety and efficacy of . • Autosomal Dominant Polycystic Kidney Disease . We are nearing completion of a Phase 1 clinical trial in healthy volunteers evaluating , our small molecule corrector that targets the underlying cause of autosomal dominant polycystic kidney disease (“ADPKD”) in people with a subset of variants in the PKD1 gene. We expect to advance into a Phase 2 study in people with ADPKD in 2025. • In addition to the programs listed above, we have additional research programs aimed at diseases that fit our research and development strategy and programs in our existing disease areas in accord with our serial innovation approach. 2 Our core strategy is to discover and develop innovative medicines by combining transformative advances in the understanding of human disease and the science of therapeutics to dramatically advance human health. That strategy focuses on validated targets that address causal human biology, predictive lab assays and clinical biomarkers, rapid paths to registration and approval, and product candidates that hold the potential for transformative patient benefit. Our approach includes advancing multiple compounds or therapies from each program into early clinical trials to obtain patient data that can inform selection of the most promising therapies for later stage development as well as inform our ongoing discovery and development efforts. We aim to rapidly follow our therapies that achieve with potential candidates. We plan to continue investing to advance our strategy, fostering scientific innovation by identifying additional product candidates through internal research efforts, and investing in business development transactions to access emerging technologies, products and product candidates. Our serial innovation approach is intended to increase the likelihood of successfully bringing transformative medicines to patients and to provide durable clinical and commercial success. Our CF medicines are the exemplar of this strategy, as we continue to reach more people with CF than ever before through approvals of new medicines, approvals in new geographies, label expansions, including for younger patients, and expanded reimbursement. In addition, we have diversified our business through the approvals for CASGEVY for the treatment of SCD and TDT and through the approval for JOURNAVX for the treatment of acute pain. We are working to ensure broad access for eligible patients with these conditions in all countries with regulatory approval. Within our clinical pipeline, we have rapidly progressed multiple programs into pivotal development during the last year. As we continue to invest in our serial innovation strategy, launch new products, advance our diverse pipeline, and expand geographically, we continue to maintain a strong financial profile. 3 MARKETED PRODUCTS Information regarding our marketed products, including information regarding the disease area, initial approval and age group for which the therapy is approved, are set forth in the table below. Disease Initial Approval Eligible Age Group (1) Cystic Fibrosis 2024 6 years of age and older 2019 2 years of age and older 2020 2 years of age and older 2018 6 years of age and older 2018 6 years of age and older 2015 1 year of age and older 2012 1 month of age and older Sickle Cell Disease and Transfusion-Dependent Beta Thalassemia 2023 12 years of age and older Acute Pain 2025 adults (1) Specifies the youngest eligible age group in any major market. CF Our CF medicines are collectively being used by nearly three quarters of the approximately 94,000 people with CF in the U.S., Europe, Australia, and Canada. Additionally, we continue to secure formal reimbursement in multiple additional countries that collectively comprise approximately 15,000 additional people with CF. Approximately 10,000 of those additional people with CF are eligible for treatment with CFTR modulators. We previously served many of these markets through named patient sales. 4 CF is a genetic disease caused by a defective or missing CFTR protein resulting from mutations in the CFTR gene. To develop CF, children must inherit two defective CFTR genes, which are referred to as alleles; one allele is inherited from each parent. The vast majority of patients with CF carry at least one F508del mutation. The F508del mutation results in a defect in the CFTR protein in which the CFTR protein does not reach the surface of the cells in sufficient quantities and does not adequately transport chloride ions. The absence of working CFTR protein results in poor flow of salt and water into and out of cells in a number of organs, including the lungs. As a result, thick, sticky mucus builds up and blocks the passages in many organs, leading to a variety of symptoms. In particular, mucus builds up and clogs the airways in the lungs, causing chronic lung infections and progressive lung damage. CFTR potentiators, such as ivacaftor and deutivacaftor, increase the probability that the CFTR protein channels open on the cell surface, increasing the flow of salt and water into and out of the cell. CFTR correctors, such as lumacaftor, tezacaftor, elexacaftor and vanzacaftor, increase the proper protein processing and folding of mutant CFTR proteins, such that a larger amount of functional CFTR protein reaches the cell surface. Our CFTR regimens target the underlying cause of disease and have been shown to improve CFTR protein function in people with CF, and as such have been shown to provide transformative benefit for people living with CF. Our CF medicines are used by patients in over 60 countries, and TRIKAFTA/KAFTRIO is approved and reimbursed or accessible in more than 50 of these countries. We continue to increase the number of patients eligible and able to receive our current medicines through approvals of new medicines, label expansions and expanded reimbursement. In December 2024, the FDA approved the expanded use of TRIKAFTA for the treatment of people with CF 2 years of age and older who have at least one F508del mutation in the CFTR gene or a mutation that is responsive to TRIKAFTA based on clinical and/or in vitro data. With this approval, 94 additional CFTR mutations have been added to the TRIKAFTA label. In December 2024, the FDA approved ALYFTREK for the treatment of people with CF 6 years of age and older who have at least one F508del mutation or another mutation in the CFTR gene that is responsive to ALYFTREK. ALYFTREK is our triple combination, which has the benefit of a dosing regimen and demonstrated to TRIKAFTA in ppFEV 1 , a measure of lung function, and an improvement in sweat chloride levels as compared to TRIKAFTA. ALYFTREK carries a lower royalty burden than our other approved CF medicines and is also approved for 31 additional mutations not responsive to other CFTR modulator therapies. Sickle Cell Disease and Transfusion-Dependent Beta Thalassemia CASGEVY, our therapy for SCD and TDT, is approved in the U.S., the E.U., the U.K., Saudi Arabia, Bahrain, the UAE, Canada and Switzerland. SCD and TDT are hemoglobinopathies, a group of inherited blood disorders that result from gene mutations that alter hemoglobin, a protein in red blood cells that delivers oxygen throughout the body. We estimate approximately 60,000 people with severe SCD or TDT are or could become eligible for CASGEVY in the U.S., Canada, Europe, Saudi Arabia and Bahrain. SCD is caused by the change of a single amino acid in the β-hemoglobin gene that causes red cells to change shape in settings of low oxygen. These sickled cells block blood flow and can lead to severe pain (known as crises), organ damage, and shortened life span. Treatment is typically focused on relieving pain and minimizing organ damage, requiring medication and, for some patients, monthly blood transfusions and frequent hospital visits. Beta thalassemia is caused by mutations in the same β-hemoglobin gene that lead to severe anemia in patients, which causes fatigue and shortness of breath. In infants, beta thalassemia causes failure to thrive, jaundice, and feeding problems. Complications of beta thalassemia can lead to an enlarged spleen, liver and/or heart, misshapen bones and delayed puberty. Treatment for beta thalassemia varies depending on the disease severity for each patient. Patients with TDT, the most severe form of the disease, require regular blood transfusions, as frequently as every two to four weeks. Repeated blood transfusions eventually cause an unhealthy buildup of iron in the patient, leading to organ damage. CASGEVY, our , CRISPR/Cas9-based therapy, was developed for the treatment of severe SCD and TDT, with our collaborator, CRISPR Therapeutics AG (“CRISPR”). Patients first undergo a treatment at an authorized treatment center (“ATC”) that mobilizes a population of hematopoietic stem and progenitor cells (“HSPC”) from the bone marrow into the bloodstream. These cells are collected from the patient’s bloodstream and transferred to a manufacturing facility where the HSPCs are purified and CRISPR/Cas9 is performed. The procedure results in a precise and specific in a intron of the BCL11A gene. Following manufacturing, the edited cells, now called CASGEVY, are transferred back to the ATC. Patients are preconditioned with a myeloablative 5 conditioning treatment that ablates their bone marrow prior to infusion of CASGEVY. After the edited HSPC cells are returned to the patient and engraft, the results in significant increases in the levels of fetal hemoglobin erythrocytes, thereby reducing or eliminating symptoms associated with disease. Efficacy data support the profile of CASGEVY as a potential functional cure for people with severe SCD and TDT. Our global launch strategy for CASGEVY continues to focus on countries with high unmet medical need and infrastructure to support treatment with this CRISPR/Cas9-based therapy, including the U.S., the Middle East, and major markets in Europe. We are working with ATCs to enable patient initiation, supporting the patient journey through infusion with CASGEVY, and working with payors to secure broad and equitable access for patients. With more than 50 ATCs activated globally, our strategy is focused on activation of a global ATC network to treat patients and expansion of our manufacturing and supply chain to meet growing patient demand. Our teams are also focused on working to educate patients, physicians and policymakers on the treatment journey and CASGEVY clinical data, where appropriate. Acute Pain Acute pain is a disabling condition that may occur suddenly but typically lasts less than 90 days and resolves in days or weeks (for example, following surgery or an injury). It is estimated that over 80 million people are prescribed a medicine for acute pain every year in the U.S. Currently available treatments have limitations around efficacy or side effects, including a risk of addiction. Because of these challenges, over- and , as well as misutilization, of current pain medicines may occur. In January 2025, the FDA approved JOURNAVX for the treatment of acute pain in adults. The approval was based on two positive randomized controlled Phase 3 clinical trials and supported by a positive single arm Phase 3 clinical trial evaluating safety and effectiveness. JOURNAVX is a , oral pain signal inhibitor that is highly selective for NaV1.8 sodium channels. Through this mechanism, JOURNAVX provides effective relief of pain without evidence of the limitations of other currently available therapies, including the addictive potential of opioids. Our launch strategy for JOURNAVX focuses on securing broad access for people with acute pain, educating patients and physicians on the clinical profile of JOURNAVX, and making investments to provide a seamless treatment experience for physicians and people with acute pain. We are engaging with payors and formulary decision makers to secure reimbursement and access to JOURNAVX. We are working to secure national retail distribution to facilitate broad availability of JOURNAVX as well as financial and assistance programs for patients that will support access to JOURNAVX. RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT PROGRAMS We invest in research and development to discover and develop transformative medicines for people with serious diseases, with a focus on specialty markets. Our research strategy is to combine transformative advances in the understanding of human disease and in the science of therapeutics to dramatically advance human health. We focus on: • disease areas with known causal human biology; • targets validated by causal human biology; • predictive lab assays and clinical biomarkers; • potential for transformative benefit regardless of modality; and • efficient path to registration and approval. Our development-stage product candidates are focused on the treatment of serious diseases, including CF, SCD, TDT, acute and peripheral neuropathic pain, AMKD, IgAN and other autoimmune renal diseases and cytopenias, T1D, DM1, and ADPKD. In pursuit of serial innovation, our research and development approach includes advancing multiple candidates into clinical trials and pursuing multiple modalities with the goal of bringing and/or therapies to patients. Our research and development strategy has been validated through our success in moving novel product candidates into clinical trials and obtaining marketing approvals for ALYFTREK, TRIKAFTA/KAFTRIO, KALYDECO, ORKAMBI, and 6 SYMDEKO/SYMKEVI for the treatment of CF, CASGEVY for the treatment of SCD and TDT, and JOURNAVX for the treatment of acute pain. Our approach to drug discovery has been further validated by our successful demonstration of clinical in four additional disease areas: in diabetic peripheral neuropathy with our NaV1.8 inhibitors, in AMKD with inaxaplin, in T1D with zimislecel, and in IgAN with povetacicept. Over the last several years, this strategy has led us to expand our capabilities to include additional innovative therapeutic modalities with a focus on cell and genetic therapies, which have the potential to treat, and in some cases, cure diseases by addressing the underlying cause of the disease. CASGEVY, approved in multiple geographies, including the U.S., is one such example. We continue to make significant internal investments in cell and genetic therapies. These investments include the development of a campus for research and current Good Manufacturing Practices (“cGMP”) clinical manufacturing capabilities dedicated to our portfolio of cell and genetic therapy technologies and teams. To augment our internal programs, we acquire businesses and technologies and collaborate with biopharmaceutical and technology companies, leading academic research institutions, government laboratories, foundations and other organizations to advance research in our disease areas of interest, as well as to access technologies needed to execute on our strategy. Our internal and external innovation approaches are based on the same strategy, which enables us to effectively integrate and execute on new internal capabilities as we invest in external innovation. Our investments in external innovation include our collaboration with CRISPR, which resulted in the successful development and approval of CASGEVY and the establishment and advancement of other pipeline programs, including our T1D program through our acquisition of Semma Therapeutics, Inc. (“Semma”), our expansion of our renal programs through our acquisition of Alpine Immune Sciences, Inc. (“Alpine”), our mRNA therapeutic, , for treatment of CF through our collaboration with Moderna, and our intracellular therapeutics for DM1, including , through our collaboration with Entrada. CF We are enrolling and dosing in a Phase 3 clinical trial evaluating ALYFTREK in children with CF 2 to 5 years of age who have at least one F508del mutation or a mutation responsive to triple combination CFTR modulators. We estimate that approximately 90% of people with CF could benefit from our five approved medicines, including TRIKAFTA/KAFTRIO and the recently approved ALYFTREK. We continue to identify and develop additional CFTR modulators with the goal of developing medicines that can help more patients who respond to CFTR modulators achieve normal levels of CFTR function; our next generation of CFTR modulators have completed, or are in the process of completing, Phase 1 clinical trials. In order to treat people with CF who do not make CFTR protein, and as a result, cannot benefit from our CFTR modulators, we are researching and developing genetic therapies, such as mRNA, and approaches to CF. In collaboration with Moderna, we are developing , a nebulized CF mRNA therapeutic designed to treat the underlying cause of CF lung disease for these people by enabling cells in the lungs to produce functional CFTR protein. The multiple ascending dose portion of the clinical trial is ongoing and we expect data in the first half of 2025. We believe that has the potential to benefit more than 5,000 people with CF in the U.S., Canada, Europe and Australia. Sickle Cell Disease and Transfusion-Dependent Beta Thalassemia Two global Phase 3 clinical trials evaluating CASGEVY in children 5 to 11 years of age with severe SCD (the CLIMB clinical trial) and TDT (the CLIMB clinical trial) are ongoing. We have completed enrollment in these two clinical trials, and we expect to complete dosing in 2025. In connection with our serial innovation approach, we are advancing preclinical assets for myeloablative conditioning agents with improved tolerability profiles, which we refer to as “gentler conditioning agents,” which could be used in connection with treatment with CASGEVY, significantly broadening the eligible SCD and TDT patient population. We are also investigating in vivo approaches and small molecules for the potential treatment of SCD and TDT. Pain Pain can be debilitating and develop from a variety of conditions. Most commonly, patients with pain can be categorized as suffering from one of three types of pain: acute pain, chronic neuropathic pain (caused primarily by damage or dysfunction of peripheral nerves), or chronic musculoskeletal pain (caused primarily by damage to muscle, joints or bone). Acute pain usually resolves in days or weeks (for example, following surgery or an injury), while chronic pain generally lasts greater 7 than three months due to unresolved or ongoing damage to tissues or nerves. Currently available treatments have limitations around efficacy or side effects, including a risk of addiction. Because of these challenges, over- and , as well as , of current pain medicines may occur. The sodium channels NaV1.8 and NaV1.7 play important roles in the physiology of pain. We have discovered multiple selective small molecule inhibitors of NaV1.8 as potential treatments for pain. We obtained pharmacological validation of NaV1.8 inhibition with a first generation NaV1.8 inhibitor in three clinical pain types: acute pain, chronic neuropathic pain, and chronic musculoskeletal pain. In acute pain, we are evaluating an oral formulation of , our NaV1.8 pain signal inhibitor, for the treatment of acute pain following bunionectomy surgery in a Phase 2 clinical trial. We are also enrolling and dosing healthy volunteers in a Phase 1 clinical trial evaluating an intravenous formulation of . The FDA has granted Fast Track Designation to in acute pain in both the oral and intravenous formulations. In neuropathic pain, we are enrolling and dosing in the Phase 3 pivotal program evaluating suzetrigine in people with diabetic peripheral neuropathy, a common form of peripheral neuropathic pain, with the ultimate goal of securing a broad label for the treatment of peripheral neuropathic pain. In addition, we are enrolling and dosing patients in a Phase 2 clinical trial for the oral formulation of , for the treatment of diabetic peripheral neuropathy. There are no approved medicines in the U.S. that are labeled for the treatment of peripheral neuropathic pain. The FDA has granted suzetrigine Breakthrough Therapy Designation in diabetic peripheral neuropathy. In support of this broad peripheral neuropathic pain indication we seek, we completed a Phase 2 clinical trial of suzetrigine for the treatment of people with LSR, which is pain caused by impairment or injury to nerve roots in the area of the lumbar spine, another type of peripheral neuropathic pain. In December 2024, we announced Phase 2 clinical trial results showing that treatment with suzetrigine demonstrated a statistically significant and clinically meaningful reduction in pain on the numeric pain rating scale for people with LSR, and that suzetrigine was safe and generally in the trial. The clinical trial also included a placebo reference arm, which showed a similar reduction. We hypothesize that a high placebo response in this clinical trial led to a lack of separation of the suzetrigine and placebo response curves. We believe we can innovate in pain clinical trial design to better control the placebo effect, and succeed in pivotal development with suzetrigine. We plan to advance suzetrigine into pivotal development in LSR, pending discussions with regulators on trial design and the regulatory package. In keeping with our serial innovation approach, we are advancing multiple additional NaV1.8 inhibitors and NaV1.7 inhibitors, which could be used alone or in combination, for the treatment of acute pain and chronic neuropathic pain . APOL1-Mediated Kidney Disease Inherited mutations in the APOL1 gene play a causal role in the biology of severe proteinuric kidney diseases referred to as AMKD. In AMKD, the kidney’s filtering units known as the glomeruli, and within them the cells known as podocytes, are damaged, leading to leakage of protein into the urine, deterioration in kidney function, scarring, and, ultimately, permanent kidney damage. Patients with proteinuria who inherited two copies of the APOL1 mutations demonstrate rapid progression to kidney disease. Some patients with AMKD have the histological finding of focal segmental glomerulosclerosis (“FSGS”) and such as hypertension. We are evaluating multiple novel small molecules that inhibit the function of the mutant APOL1 protein with the potential to treat APOL1-mediated kidney disease. In a Phase 2 clinical trial, patients with APOL1-mediated FSGS treated with inaxaplin on top of standard of care achieved a statistically significant, substantial, and clinically meaningful reduction of proteinuria, and inaxaplin was well tolerated by patients. Based on this positive Phase 2 data, we initiated pivotal development of inaxaplin in a single Phase 2/3 adaptive clinical trial in patients with AMKD in 2022. We completed t he Phase 2B portion of the Phase 2/3 clinical trial and initiated the Phase 3 portion of the study in 2024. We continue to enroll and dose people with AMKD in the Phase 3 portion of the global Phase 2/3 pivotal clinical trial (“AMPLITUDE”). We expect to complete enrollment in the interim analysis cohort in 2025 and apply for potential accelerated approval in the U.S., assuming a positive interim analysis. In addition, we have initiated a Phase 2 clinical trial (“AMPLIFIED”) evaluating inaxaplin as a treatment for people with AMKD and diabetes or other currently not eligible for the AMPLITUDE trial. 8 IgA Nephropathy and Other B Diseases IgAN is a serious, progressive, chronic kidney disease that causes inflammation and damage to the kidneys. It is the most common primary glomerulonephritis worldwide, affecting approximately 300,000 people in the U.S. and Europe, and, in China, there are approximately 750,000 people diagnosed with IgAN. A high percentage of people with IgAN progress to kidney disease. While there are approved therapies for the treatment of IgAN, there are no approved therapies that specifically target the underlying cause of the disease. IgAN is thought to occur when the body produces an abnormal form of IgA, a type of antibody that normally helps the body fight infections. The body generates an abnormal immune response, including antibodies (autoantibodies), against this abnormal IgA, and these antibodies can combine to create larger molecules called immune complexes. These immune complexes can deposit in the kidneys, triggering damage and inflammation, especially within the glomeruli, impairing the kidneys’ ability to properly filter waste and fluid. In 2024, we acquired Alpine and its lead asset, povetacicept, which has the potential of being a “ .” Povetacicept is a dual antagonist of BAFF and APRIL, which play key roles in pathogenesis of IgAN and multiple other autoimmune diseases via their roles in the activation, differentiation and/or survival of B cells, T cells and innate immune cells. Povetacicept is a protein therapeutic based upon an engineered TACI (transmembrane activator and CAML interactor) domain. It has demonstrated higher binding affinity and greater potency in preclinical studies versus other inhibitors of BAFF and/or APRIL and has demonstrated potential efficacy in a clinical trial in people with IgAN. Povetacicept is being studied as a once every four weeks subcutaneous injection, with the aim of at home upon commercialization. In 2024, we initiated RAINIER, our global Phase 3 pivotal trial of povetacicept versus placebo in approximately 480 people with IgAN, which is enrolling and dosing people in the U.S., Europe and Asia. The clinical trial design contemplates a interim analysis evaluating the change from baseline in urine ratio (“UPCR”) after a certain number of patients reach 36 weeks of treatment. If positive, the interim analysis may serve as the basis to seek accelerated approval in the U.S. The final analysis will occur when patients reach two years of treatment and will evaluate total eGFR (estimated glomerular filtration rate) slope. We expect to complete enrollment in the interim analysis cohort in 2025 and apply for potential accelerated approval in the U.S., assuming a positive interim analysis. In January 2025, we entered into a collaboration agreement with Zai Lab Limited (“Zai”) for the development and commercialization of povetacicept in mainland China, Hong Kong SAR, Macau SAR, Taiwan region and Singapore. Under this collaboration, Zai will help advance the povetacicept clinical trials and make the regulatory submissions in the licensed territories. Zai will also be responsible for commercialization activities in the licensed territories, if povetacicept becomes an approved product. We believe povetacicept holds the potential to transform multiple B-cell mediated diseases and deliver on its potential as a , with significant market opportunity across multiple therapeutic areas. In addition to IgAN, we are evaluating povetacicept as a treatment for other B autoimmune kidney diseases in the basket trial and as a treatment for autoimmune cytopenias in the basket trial. Both of these basket trials are ongoing, and we expect data in some of these conditions in 2025. Type 1 Diabetes T1D is a chronic metabolic disorder caused by insufficient insulin secretion by the beta cells in the pancreas. In patients with T1D, the islet cells of the pancreas are destroyed by the person’s own immune system, resulting in a lack of insulin and impairment of blood glucose control. While insulin therapy allows patients to live for decades with the disease, challenges of insulin therapy include inadequate control of blood sugar (both hyper- and ), a substantial burden of care on patients and families, and vascular complications. Current standards of care do not address the underlying causes of the disease, and there are limited treatment options beyond insulin for the management of T1D. We are developing (allogeneic) fully differentiated, derived islet cell therapies designed to replace islet cells that are destroyed in people with T1D, with the goal of delivering a functional cure. We are pursuing multiple programs for the transplant of functional islets into patients, including: transplantation of islet cells alone followed by standard, chronic immunosuppression to protect the implanted cells, implantation of the islet cells inside a 9 novel immunoprotective device, alternative approaches to immunosuppression that could be used with the implanted islet cells, and development of hypoimmune islet cells to optimize protection of the implanted islet cells from the immune system. Zimislecel, our first program, is a stem , allogeneic, fully differentiated, islet cell replacement therapy, using standard immunosuppression to protect the implanted cells. The Phase 1/2/3 clinical trial is designed as a sequential, clinical trial to evaluate the safety and efficacy of zimislecel, and has been expanded to include a total of 50 people. We expect to complete enrollment and dosing in the Phase 3 portion of this clinical trial in 2025 and, assuming positive data, we expect to file for approval after patients have completed one year of . Data presented demonstrate unprecedented efficacy and curative potential. Safety data are consistent with the immunosuppressives, the perioperative period, and past medical history. In addition, we have initiated a clinical trial evaluating zimislecel in people with T1D who have had a kidney transplant. In our second program, we are evaluating , in which zimislecel is encapsulated in an immunoprotective device that is implanted in patients, which we believe can obviate the need for immunosuppressive therapy. We are enrolling and dosing patients with in a Phase 1/2 clinical trial to evaluate the safety, tolerability and efficacy of . Part A of the study dosed patients with a partial dose of cells/devices and a stagger between patients, Part B dosed patients with a full target dose and a stagger between patients, and Part C will dose at full target dose without a stagger between patients. We expect to share Part B data from this clinical trial in 2025. In our third program, research is directed toward developing hypoimmune cells by zimislecel prior to differentiation into fully differentiated islets in order to cloak them from the immune system. This program continues to advance in development. We are also pursuing alternative approaches to immunosuppression that could be used with zimislecel. Myotonic Dystrophy Type 1 DM1 is an inherited disease that results in the weakening and destruction of skeletal muscles over time. Muscle weakness, muscle wasting and myotonia (sustained muscle contraction and difficulty relaxing muscles) are the hallmark features of DM1. It is a serious disease with no approved treatments. , our lead approach for DM1, holds the potential to address the underlying cause of DM1. is an oligonucleotide connected to a cyclic peptide to promote effective delivery into cells. We completed the single ascending dose portion of the global Phase 1/2 clinical trial evaluating the first candidate, , in patients with DM1. We are enrolling and dosing the multiple ascending dose portion of the trial, which will evaluate the safety and efficacy of . We also have a small molecule program for DM1 in preclinical development. Autosomal Dominant Polycystic Kidney Disease ADPKD is a genetic kidney disease characterized by the growth of numerous cysts that impair kidney function and can ultimately lead to kidney failure, requiring dialysis or kidney transplantation, and premature death. Kidney cysts can also lead to severe abdominal pain, cyst infection, blood in the urine and kidney stones, all of which significantly impair quality of life. Around half of patients with ADPKD experience kidney failure by the age of 60. is a small molecule corrector that is designed to target the underlying cause of ADPKD in people with a subset of PKD1 variants. We are nearing completion of a Phase 1 clinical trial in healthy volunteers evaluating and expect to advance into a Phase 2 clinical trial in people with ADPKD in 2025. COMMERCIALIZATION OF OUR MEDICINES Our commercialization efforts focus on supporting the appropriate use of ALYFTREK, TRIKAFTA/KAFTRIO, SYMDEKO/SYMKEVI, ORKAMBI, KALYDECO, CASGEVY and JOURNAVX in the markets where these products have been approved. Our teams are responsible for promoting products to health care providers, ensuring our products are distributed effectively, ensuring the safe use of our products, and obtaining reimbursement for our products from payors, including governmental organizations in the U.S. and .S. markets. In parallel, our government affairs and public 10 policy group advocates for policies that promote life sciences innovation and increase awareness of the diseases on which we are focusing with state and federal legislatures, government agencies, public health officials and other policymakers. Commercialization of CF Medicines In the U.S., we primarily sell our CF products to a limited number of specialty pharmacy and specialty distributors. In international markets, we sell our CF products primarily through distributor arrangements and to retail pharmacies, as well as to hospitals and clinics, many of which are or supported. We also have established programs in the U.S. that provide our CF products to qualified uninsured or underinsured patients at no charge or at a reduced charge, based on specific eligibility criteria. Our U.S. CF commercial team is comprised of a small number of individuals to support commercialization of our medicines for CF. We focus our CF marketing efforts in the U.S. on a relatively small number of physicians and health care professionals who write most of the prescriptions for CF medicines. Many of these physicians and health care professionals are located at a limited number of accredited centers in the U.S. focused on the treatment of CF. In international markets, we or our distributors have small sales forces that support TRIKAFTA/KAFTRIO, SYMDEKO/SYMKEVI, ORKAMBI and KALYDECO in jurisdictions where these products are approved. In December 2024, the FDA approved ALYFTREK in the U.S. as a treatment for people with CF 6 years of age and older who have at least one F508del mutation or another mutation in the CFTR gene that is responsive to ALYFTREK. This includes people with CF with one of 31 mutations who are now eligible for a CFTR modulator for the first time. ALYFTREK demonstrated to TRIKAFTA in ppFEV 1 , a measure of lung function, and an improvement in sweat chloride levels as compared to TRIKAFTA, and we believe that this medicine has the potential to improve the care of patients with CF. ALYFTREK has the additional benefit of a dosing regimen and may lead to a new standard in CF care, reinforcing our established position as the leading company in CF. In addition, this new triple combination regimen has a lower royalty burden than our other CF medicines. We believe ALYFTREK presents an opportunity for three types of patients: (i) those who are currently on a CFTR modulator who may want to switch to ALYFTREK, (ii) those patients who have not yet been initiated on a CFTR modulator or been eligible for a CFTR modulator, and (iii) those who have discontinued from another CFTR modulator. We are supporting the launch of ALYFTREK through our existing commercial infrastructure. ALYFTREK is under regulatory review in the U.K., the E.U., Canada, Switzerland, Australia and New Zealand. Additionally, in December 2024, the FDA approved the expanded use of TRIKAFTA for the treatment of people with CF 2 years of age and older who have at least one F508del mutation in the CFTR gene or a mutation that is responsive to TRIKAFTA based on clinical and/or in vitro data. With this approval, 94 additional CFTR mutations have been added to the TRIKAFTA label, and approximately 300 additional people with CF in the U.S. are now eligible to receive TRIKAFTA as a treatment. Commercialization of CASGEVY We are continuing the commercial launch of CASGEVY, following approvals in the U.S., the E.U., the U.K., Saudi Arabia, Bahrain, the UAE, Canada and Switzerland. We expect to obtain additional regulatory approvals for CASGEVY in 2025. We estimate approximately 60,000 people with severe SCD and TDT are or could become eligible for CASGEVY in the U.S., Canada, Europe, Saudi Arabia and Bahrain. As CASGEVY is the first therapy to be approved, our global launch strategy is focused on educating physicians, patients and caregivers, payors, and policymakers about the significant disease burden of SCD and TDT and the availability of CASGEVY as a treatment option. We have also established a global manufacturing network to ensure adequate production and supply of CASGEVY at commercial scale. Given the geographic concentration of patients, we expect to reach the majority of patients through our specialty commercial model, which is comprised of a small number of individuals. Because the administration of CASGEVY requires specialized experience in stem cell transplantation, we are engaging with experienced hospitals to establish a network of authorized treatment centers across the U.S., Europe and the Middle East. We have activated more than 50 authorized treatment centers across the U.S., Europe, Saudi Arabia, Bahrain and the UAE, and we are working to activate additional centers. Our teams are actively engaged with key treatment centers, policymakers and payors to ensure that patients who may be eligible for CASGEVY have access to this potentially curative therapy. We are seeking broad access with 11 government and commercial payors for CASGEVY. In the U.S., there is broad coverage of CASGEVY in the private and public payer space, initially through single case agreements as medical policies are finalized. In addition, we have recently reached an agreement with the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services (“CMS”) to participate in its cell and gene therapy access model, which may enable additional access mechanisms for states and authorized treatment centers. In England, we have secured access for eligible people with TDT and SCD. In the E.U., we are working with national health authorities to achieve access and reimbursement and have secured reimbursed access for people with SCD or TDT in Luxembourg, we have established a reimbursement for CASGEVY in Austria, and the Italian Medicines Agency has approved early access for CASGEVY, on a basis, to treat people with TDT or SCD. In the Middle East, we have reached a reimbursement for people with SCD or TDT in Saudi Arabia, and for national reimbursement for eligible people in Bahrain. We are actively working to expand access to CASGEVY across Europe and the Middle East. We are currently treating patients across multiple geographies and more than 50 patients have initiated cell collection. The first commercial patient was infused with CASGEVY in the third quarter of 2024. Commercialization of JOURNAVX In January 2025, JOURNAVX was approved by the FDA as a treatment for adults with acute pain. We believe JOURNAVX has the potential to establish a new standard of care for the estimated 80 million patients in the U.S. who are prescribed a medicine for their acute pain each year. Approximately half of these patients are prescribed opioids, which, while effective, have significant safety and tolerability concerns, and addictive potential. JOURNAVX provides effective relief of acute pain, has a favorable safety and tolerability profile, and based on its mechanism of action, does not have addictive potential. Our commercial focus at launch for JOURNAVX is securing broad access and investing to ensure a seamless experience for patients and physicians. We are engaging with key health care professionals, formulary decision makers and payers to establish the conditions for rapid patient access and uptake. Our commercial field team is engaging stakeholders to support the launch of JOURNAVX in hospitals and other healthcare settings in the U.S. In addition, we are working to secure broad stocking agreements with national retail pharmacies and regional chains, to ensure access to JOURNAVX for patients across the U.S. We are also focused on ensuring there is equal access to options for pain relief. We continue to see momentum from federal and state policymakers to support the appropriate use of pain medications, including addressing financial and other administrative barriers, such as utilization management, to accessing options. In addition, as a part of our commitment to patients, we are offering financial and copay support programs for eligible patients who are prescribed JOURNAVX. Reimbursement of Approved Therapies Our CF medicines are used by patients in more than 60 countries, and TRIKAFTA/KAFTRIO is reimbursed or accessible in more than 50 of these countries outside the U.S. We expect to continue to focus significant resources to maintain reimbursement and obtain expanded reimbursement for our CF medicines and pipeline therapies in .S. markets. In SCD and TDT, CASGEVY is approved in the U.S., the E.U., the U.K., Saudi Arabia, Bahrain, the UAE, Canada and Switzerland, and we are actively engaged with relevant stakeholders to obtain broad access and reimbursement with government and commercial payors for CASGEVY. CASGEVY is broadly reimbursed by payors in the U.S., including the federal government. Currently in the U.S., across commercial and government payors, all eligible CASGEVY patients have coverage through single case agreements, and we have signed agreements with national and regional payors, which cover over 250 million lives, to provide access to CASGEVY. Within Medicare, to help address this issue, we applied for and CMS has granted a new technology payment for CASGEVY when used for the treatment of SCD for Medicare patients. Within Medicaid, we have engaged all of the Medicaid administrators in all 50 U.S. states, focused on the 25 states with the highest prevalence of SCD patients, and have confirmed pathways to reimbursement in all 25 of those priority states. In addition, in February 2023, the U.S. Administration established a new demonstration program to help pay for cell and gene therapies in diseases such as SCD through the CMS program known as The Cell and Gene Therapy Access Model (“CGT Access Model”). The CGT Access Model was designed to provide an opportunity to accelerate and enhance broad Medicaid access for eligible patients across all 50 U.S. states by allowing state Medicaid agencies to delegate authority to CMS to coordinate and facilitate payment arrangements (“OBAs”) with cell and gene therapy 12 manufacturers, such as ours. In December 2024, we reached an agreement with CMS to expand access by participating in the CGT Access Model for SCD to benefit Medicaid beneficiaries. For CASGEVY in .S. markets, we anticipate some early access programs initially and in parallel we are pursuing reimbursement arrangements. We have successfully achieved national reimbursement in England, Luxembourg, and Bahrain for people with TDT or SCD, and secured reimbursement for patients in Saudi Arabia and Austria. We continue to engage with payors in the U.K., the E.U., and the Middle East. For JOURNAVX in the U.S., we have been working with government and commercial payors pre- and to support rapid and broad access, including to accelerate targeted contracting and formulary additions at both select payors and targeted hospital systems. In addition, we are finalizing contracts with private and government payors, as well as hospital group purchasing organizations. STRATEGIC TRANSACTIONS AND COLLABORATIONS As part of our business strategy, we seek to license or acquire technologies, products, product candidates, and businesses that are aligned with our corporate and research and development strategies and complement and advance our ongoing research and development efforts. In addition, we establish business relationships with collaborators to support our research activities and to lead or support development and/or commercialization of certain product candidates. We expect to continue to identify and evaluate potential acquisitions, licenses and collaborations that may be similar or different from the transactions that we have engaged in previously. Strategic Transactions In May 2024, we acquired Alpine for approximately $5.0 billion. Alpine’s lead molecule, povetacicept, is a highly potent and effective dual antagonist of BAFF and APRIL. We are evaluating povetacicept for the potential treatment of IgAN in a Phase 3 clinical trial and for the treatment of other serious autoimmune diseases in Phase 2 clinical trials. We believe povetacicept has the potential to treat multiple diseases or conditions and become a , with significant market opportunity across multiple therapeutic areas. In addition to Alpine, we have made additional acquisitions which have expanded and advanced our pipeline, including: • In 2017, we enhanced our CF portfolio through our acquisition of certain CF assets, including deutivacaftor, from Concert Pharmaceuticals Inc. In December 2024, the FDA approved ALYFTREK (vanzacaftor/tezacaftor/deutivacaftor) for people with CF 6 years of age and older. • In 2019, we established our T1D program through our acquisition of Semma, a privately held company focused on the use of stem human islets as a potentially curative treatment for T1D. We are evaluating zimislecel for the potential treatment of T1D in a Phase 1/2/3 clinical trial. We expect to complete enrollment and dosing in the Phase 3 portion of this clinical trial in 2025. In addition, our second clinical program in T1D, , in which zimislecel is encapsulated in an immunoprotective device, is ongoing. We expect to continue to identify and make acquisitions to expand and advance our pipeline and business. Collaboration and Licensing Arrangements Joint Development and Commercialization Agreement with CRISPR In December 2017, we entered into a joint development and commercialization agreement (“Original JDCA”) with CRISPR, pursuant to which we are and CASGEVY for SCD and TDT. We entered into the Original JDCA following our exercise of an option to and the hemoglobinopathies program that was contained in the collaboration agreement that we entered into with CRISPR in 2015. In April 2021, we and CRISPR amended and restated the Original JDCA (the “A&R JDCA”). Pursuant to the A&R JDCA, the parties agreed to, among other things, (a) adjust the governance structure for the collaboration and adjust the responsibilities of each party thereunder; (b) adjust the allocation of net profits and net losses between the parties; and (c) 13 exclusively license (subject to CRISPR’s reserved rights to conduct certain activities) certain intellectual property rights to us relating to the products that may be researched , developed, manufactured and commercialized under such agreement. Pursuant to the A&R JDCA, we lead global development, manufacturing and commercialization of CASGEVY, with support from CRISPR. Subject to the terms and conditions of the A&R JDCA, we have the right to conduct all research, development, manufacturing, and commercialization activities relating to the product candidates and products under the A&R JDCA (including CASGEVY) throughout the world, subject to CRISPR’s reserved right to conduct certain activities. In connection with the A&R JDCA, we made a $ 900.0 million upfront payment to CRISPR in the second quarter of 2021. CRISPR earned an additional $ 200.0 million milestone payment upon receipt of marketing approval of CASGEVY from the FDA. We and CRISPR shared equally all expenses incurred under the Original JDCA. On July 1, 2021, with respect to CASGEVY, the net profits and net losses incurred pursuant to the A&R JDCA began to be allocated 60% to us and 40% to CRISPR, subject to certain adjustments, while all other product candidates and products continue to have net profits and net losses shared equally between the parties. Either party may terminate the A&R JDCA upon the other party’s material breach, subject to specified notice and cure provisions, or, in our case, in the event that CRISPR becomes subject to specified bankruptcy, winding up, or similar circumstances. Either party may terminate the A&R JDCA in the event the other party commences or participates in any action or proceeding challenging the validity or enforceability of any patent that is licensed to such challenging party pursuant to the A&R JDCA. We also have the right to terminate the A&R JDCA for convenience at any time after giving prior written notice. If circumstances arise pursuant to which a party would have the right to terminate the A&R JDCA on account of an uncured material breach, such party may elect to keep the A&R JDCA in effect and cause such breaching party to be treated as if it had exercised its rights with respect to the products associated with such uncured material breach and the royalties payable to the breaching party would be reduced by a specified percentage. Either party may opt out of the development of a product candidate under the A&R JDCA after predetermined points in the development of the product candidate, on a basis. In the event of such , the party will no longer share in the net profits and net losses associated with such product candidate and, instead, the opting out party will be entitled to high single to percentage royalties on the net sales of such product, if commercialized. Agreements We have entered into various agreements pursuant to which we have obtained access to technologies from third parties and are conducting research and development activities with collaborators. Pursuant to these arrangements, we have obtained development and commercialization rights to resulting product candidates. Depending on the terms of the arrangements, we may be responsible for the costs of research activities, required to make upfront payments and/or milestone payments upon the achievement of certain research, development, and commercial objectives, and/or pay royalties on future sales, if any, of commercial products resulting from the collaboration. Our current agreements include: • CRISPR Therapeutics AG. In addition to our arrangement with CRISPR described above, we have exercised options to exclusively license treatments for specific targets, including CF, that were subject to the research program under the collaboration agreement we entered into with CRISPR in 2015. In 2019, we obtained exclusive worldwide rights to CRISPR’s intellectual property for Duchenne muscular dystrophy (“DMD”) and DM1 products through a new agreement with CRISPR. In 2023, we obtained rights to CRISPR’s intellectual property for the development of hypoimmune cell therapies for T1D through a new agreement with CRISPR. • Moderna, Inc. In 2016, we entered into a collaboration with Moderna for the identification and development of mRNA therapeutics encoding CFTR for the treatment of CF. In December 2022, the FDA cleared our Investigational New Drug Application (“IND”) for , an mRNA therapeutic we are developing with Moderna pursuant to this collaboration. The multiple ascending dose portion of the Phase 1/2 clinical trial of in people with CF is ongoing. We expect to share data from this clinical trial in the first half of 2025. • Entrada Therapeutics, Inc. In 2022, we established a collaboration with Entrada focused on enabling efficient intracellular delivery of an oligonucleotide for DM1. This collaboration includes , an investigational candidate for the treatment of DM1 that is in clinical development. We completed the single ascending dose portion 14 of the global Phase 1/2 clinical trial for in people with DM1. We are enrolling and dosing the multiple ascending dose portion of the trial, which will evaluate the safety and efficacy of . Agreements We have entered into various agreements pursuant to which we have rights to certain product candidates to collaborators. Pursuant to these arrangements, our collaborators are responsible for all costs related to the continued development of such product candidates and obtain development and commercialization rights to these product candidates. Depending on the terms of the arrangements, our collaborators may be required to make upfront payments, milestone payments upon the achievement of certain research and development objectives and/or pay royalties on future sales, if any, of commercial products licensed under the agreement. In January 2025, we entered into a collaboration agreement with Zai for the development and commercialization of povetacicept in mainland China, Hong Kong SAR, Macau SAR, Taiwan region and Singapore. Under this collaboration, Zai will help advance the povetacicept clinical trials and make the regulatory submissions in the licensed territories. Zai will also be responsible for commercialization activities in the licensed territories, if povetacicept becomes an approved product. Cystic Fibrosis Foundation In 2004, we entered into a collaboration agreement with the Cystic Fibrosis Foundation, as successor in interest to the Cystic Fibrosis Foundation Therapeutics, Inc., to support research and development activities. Pursuant to the collaboration agreement, as amended, we have agreed to pay tiered royalties ranging from single digits to on covered compounds first synthesized and/or tested during a research term on or before February 28, 2014, including ivacaftor, lumacaftor and tezacaftor and royalties ranging from digits to digits on net sales of certain compounds first synthesized and/or tested between March 1, 2014 and August 31, 2016, including elexacaftor. We do not have any royalty obligations on compounds first synthesized and tested on or after September 1, 2016. For combination products, such as ORKAMBI, SYMDEKO/SYMKEVI, TRIKAFTA/KAFTRIO, and ALYFTREK sales are allocated equally to each of the active pharmaceutical ingredients in the combination product, and royalties are then paid for any components included in the combination. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY Patents and other intellectual property rights such as trademarks, trade secrets, and copyrights are critical to our business. We actively seek protection for our products and proprietary information by means of U.S. and foreign patents, trademarks, and copyrights, as appropriate. In addition, we rely upon trade secret protection and contractual arrangements to protect certain of our proprietary information. Patents provide a period of exclusivity that can make it more difficult for competitors to market and use our technology. We own and control patents and pending patent applications that relate to compounds, formulations, synthetic routes, intermediates, devices, treatment of diseases, and other inventions. To protect our intellectual property, we typically apply for patents several years before a product receives marketing approval. Under current law, a patent expires 20 years from its first effective filing date. Since the drug development process may last for many years, there may be a period of time in which we have an issued patent but not marketing approval to sell the drug. To compensate for patent term lost while a product is in clinical trials and undergoing review for marketing approval, we may be able to apply for patent term extensions or supplementary protection certificates (“SPCs”) in some countries. In addition to patent protection, we receive regulatory exclusivity from U.S. and European regulatory agencies for the active pharmaceutical and biological agents and, where applicable, their approved orphan indications for a certain time period. Regulatory exclusivity runs concurrently with patent exclusivity and provides complementary protection for our products. For our approved commercial products, and those in development, we own or hold exclusive and licenses to several hundred patents around the world. In the U.S., once an NDA, or a supplement thereto, is approved we are required to list with the FDA each U.S. patent with claims that cover our product or a method of using the product. The FDA publishes the patents we list in a book referred to as the Orange Book. We have thirteen issued U.S. patents listed in the Orange Book that cover the active pharmaceutical ingredients in KALYDECO, its marketed formulations, and/or its approved indication. 15 We have 22 issued U.S. patents listed in the Orange Book that cover the active pharmaceutical ingredients in ORKAMBI, its marketed formulations, and/or its approved indication. We have 25 issued U.S. patents listed in the Orange Book that cover the active pharmaceutical ingredients in SYMDEKO, its marketed formulation, and/or its approved indication. We have 28 issued U.S. patents listed in the Orange Book that cover the active pharmaceutical ingredients in TRIKAFTA, its marketed formulation, and/or its approved indication. We have 35 issued U.S. patents listed in the Orange Book that cover the active pharmaceutical ingredients in ALYFTREK, its marketed formulation, and/or its approved indication. We expect to have an issued patent listed in the Orange Book that covers the active pharmaceutical ingredient in JOURNAVX, its marketed formulation, and/or its approved indication. Products approved by the FDA under a Biologics Licensing Application (“BLA”), including CASGEVY, receive 12 years of regulatory exclusivity in the U.S. from a product’s approval date. Additionally, we have licenses to dozens of issued U.S. patents that cover CASGEVY, its approved indication, and/or its manufacture. Products approved by the FDA under a BLA are not subject to the Orange Book patent listing requirement. The table below sets forth the year of projected expiration for the basic product patent covering each of our approved products. For products that are combinations of two or more active ingredients, the table lists the projected expiration of the latest expiring patent covering any of the active pharmaceutical ingredients (lumacaftor for ORKAMBI, tezacaftor for SYMDEKO/SYMKEVI, elexacaftor for TRIKAFTA/KAFTRIO and vanzacaftor for ALYFTREK). Unless otherwise noted, patent term extensions, and pediatric exclusivity periods are not reflected in the expiration dates listed in the table below and may extend protection. In some instances, we also own patents and applications relating to solid forms, formulations, methods of manufacture, or the use of these drugs in the treatment of particular diseases or conditions. In some cases, however, such patents may not protect our drug from generic competition after the expiration of the basic patent. Product Expiration Year of U.S. Basic Product Patent Expiration Year of European Basic Product Patent KALYDECO 2027 2027 1 ORKAMBI 2031 2030 1 SYMDEKO/SYMKEVI 2027 2033 1 TRIKAFTA/KAFTRIO 2037 2037 CASGEVY 2035 2 2034 3, 4 ALYFTREK 2039 2039 JOURNAVX 2040 2040 1 Expiration date reflects SPCs granted in the five major European markets (France, Germany, Italy, Spain and the U.K.). 2 Expiration year reflects the expiration of regulatory exclusivity, which expires later than the basic product patent for this product in this market. 3 Expiration year reflects the expiration of regulatory exclusivity in the E.U., which expires later than the basic product patent for this product in this market. 4 Product is approved in Great Britain with regulatory exclusivity until November 2033, which is later than the expiration of the basic product patent. In addition to protecting our marketed products, we actively file patent applications in the U.S. and in foreign countries on inventions relating to our pipeline. For example, we also own and/or control U.S. and foreign patents and/or patent applications relating to the following: • Other CF potentiators and correctors and many other related compounds, and the use of those compounds for the treatment CF. • and other approaches for treating CF. • , , and other compounds being studied for the potential treatment of pain. • Inaxaplin and other compounds being studied for the potential treatment of AMKD. • Povetacicept for the treatment of IgAN. • Zimislecel, , and other approaches for treating T1D. 16 • for the treatment of DM1. • and other compounds being studied for the potential treatment of ADPKD. • Other and clinical candidates and the use of such candidates to treat specified diseases. • The manufacture, pharmaceutical compositions, related solid forms, formulations, dosing regimens, and methods of use of many of the above compounds. We and CRISPR intend to rely upon a combination of rights, including patent rights, trade secret protection, and regulatory exclusivities to protect CASGEVY. CRISPR has licensed certain rights to a worldwide patent portfolio that covers various aspects of the CRISPR/Cas9 editing platform technology including, for example, compositions of matter and methods of use, including their use in targeting or cutting DNA, from Dr. Emmanuelle Charpentier. In addition to Dr. Charpentier, this patent portfolio has named inventors who assigned their rights to the Regents of the University of California or the University of Vienna, to whom we refer, together with Dr. Charpentier, as the CVC Group. CRISPR has or rights to the patent rights that protect the core CRISPR/Cas9 technology. For example, certain third parties, including competitors, have reported obtaining a license to rights in this patent portfolio in certain fields. In addition, patents and patent applications in this patent portfolio are the subject of adversarial proceedings in the U.S., Europe, and other jurisdictions, including proceedings in the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office (the “USPTO”), between the CVC Group and, separately, , Co. LLC (“ ”), ToolGen, Inc. (“ToolGen”), and the Broad Institute, Harvard University, and Massachusetts Institute of Technology (collectively, “Broad”). To date, both the CVC Group and Broad have obtained granted patents that purport to cover aspects of CRISPR/Cas9 editing platform technology. The patents and patent applications within the patent portfolios of the CVC Group, Broad, and/or ToolGen are, or may in the future be, involved in proceedings similar to interferences or priority disputes in Europe or other foreign jurisdictions. In December 2023, we entered into an agreement with Editas Medicine, Inc. (“Editas”), providing us a sublicense to certain patents relating to CRISPR/Cas9 technology, owned by Broad and Harvard, which are licensed to Editas. In addition to the patent portfolios licensed from Dr. Charpentier, Broad, and Harvard, we own patents and/or patent applications relating to the composition, manufacture, and use of CASGEVY. From time to time, we enter into exclusive and license agreements for proprietary technology used in connection with our research activities. These license agreements typically provide for the payment by us of a license fee but may also include terms providing for milestone payments or royalties for the development and/or commercialization of our drug products arising from the related research. We cannot be certain that issued patents we own or license will be enforceable or provide adequate protection or that pending patent applications will result in issued patents. The existence of patents does not guarantee our right to practice the patented technology or commercialize the patented product. Litigation, interferences, oppositions, inter partes reviews, administrative challenges or other similar types of proceedings may be necessary in some instances to determine the validity and scope of certain patents, regulatory exclusivities or other proprietary rights, and in other instances to determine the validity, scope or of intellectual property rights that may be claimed by third parties to be pertinent to the manufacture, use or sale of our products. MANUFACTURING As we market and sell our approved products and advance our product candidates through clinical development toward commercialization, we continue to build and maintain our supply chain and quality assurance resources. We rely on internal capabilities and a global network of third parties to manufacture and distribute our product candidates for clinical trials, as well as our products for commercial sale and clinical trials. In addition to establishing supply chains for each new approved product, we must adapt our supply chain for existing products to include additional formulations that are often required to treat younger patients or to increase scale of production for existing products. We are focused on ensuring the stability of the supply chains for our current products, including KALYDECO, ORKAMBI, SYMDEKO/SYMKEVI, TRIKAFTA/KAFTRIO, ALYFTREK, CASGEVY, JOURNAVX, and for our pipeline programs. In addition, we are focused on identifying and ensuring efficient manufacturing and delivery processes for the biological and cell and genetic therapies we are developing, including our stem cell therapy program for T1D and biologics manufacturing for povetacicept and other product candidates. 17 We have established our own small molecule manufacturing capabilities in Boston, which we use for clinical trial and commercial supplies, including certain manufacturing steps related to our commercial supply of TRIKAFTA/KAFTRIO. We expect to continue to rely on third parties to meet our commercial supply needs, including for TRIKAFTA/KAFTRIO, CASGEVY, ALYFTREK, JOURNAVX, and pipeline programs, and a significant portion of our clinical supply needs for the foreseeable future. We have established and continue to evaluate additional manufacturing capacity for our current and future products, including recently approved ALYFTREK for CF, and JOURNAVX for pain. Our supply chain for sourcing raw materials and manufacturing our product and product candidates, including obtaining all necessary supplies, is a global endeavor. In general, these raw materials and other necessary supplies are available from multiple sources. contract manufacturers, including some in China, perform different parts of our manufacturing process. Contract manufacturers supply us with raw materials, convert these raw materials into drug substance and/or convert the drug substance or product into final dosage form. In addition, third parties assist us with packaging, warehousing, and global distribution of our products. Establishing and managing this global supply chain for each of our products and product candidates require a significant financial commitment and the creation and maintenance of numerous contractual relationships. The manufacturing processes for biological and cell and genetic therapies are more complex than those required for small molecule drugs and require different systems, equipment, facilities, and expertise. Additionally, we are unable to utilize a single process for all of our biological and cell and genetic therapies; they must be customized for each program and therapy. We are investing and plan to continue to invest significant resources in expanding and strengthening our manufacturing, infrastructure and capabilities, such as cGMP clinical manufacturing, both independently and through networks, in an effort to develop and commercialize our biological and cell and genetic therapies. We have secured agreements for povetacicept and our T1D cell therapy program to meet our anticipated demands. We continue to evaluate additional suppliers for all of our clinical programs for additional capacity and redundancy to support commercial supply. We rely on manufacturers to produce or process cell culture reagents and components, such as Cas9 protein and guide RNA molecules for clinical trials and commercial supply of CASGEVY, and to generate cells to supply CASGEVY. We continue to rely on manufacturers for commercial supply of CASGEVY. The manufacturing process for CASGEVY involves a number of steps prior to the final infusion of drug product into patients. Following mobilization and collection of blood cells from the patient, cells are transferred to a manufacturing site where HSPCs are purified and CRISPR/Cas9 is performed. The edited cellular product, called CASGEVY, is frozen and transported back to the authorized treatment center where it is stored prior to infusion into the patient. Each step must be completed successfully, and in a timely manner, requiring coordination between us, authorized treatment centers, manufacturers and shipping vendors. We are making significant investments to secure additional capacity and to coordinate manufacturing, testing, and logistics activities at a larger scale across multiple facilities to serve the geographies in which we are treating and expect to treat additional patients with CASGEVY. We have established manufacturing capabilities in the Boston area to support our T1D program. In addition, to further expand our capabilities in cell therapy manufacturing, we have a strategic agreement with Lonza to support the manufacture of our portfolio of investigational allogeneic stem , fully differentiated, islet cell therapies. We also rely on manufacturers to produce drug substance and finished drug product for clinical trials for povetacicept. We have developed systems and processes to track, monitor, and oversee our and our manufacturers’ activities, including a quality assurance program intended to ensure that our manufacturers comply with cGMP and the foreign jurisdictional equivalents when applicable. We devote substantial time, resources and effort in the areas of production, quality control, and quality assurance to maintain cGMP compliance. We regularly evaluate the performance of our manufacturers with the objective of confirming their continuing capabilities to meet our needs efficiently and economically. Manufacturing facilities, both foreign and domestic, are subject to inspections by or under the authority of the FDA and other U.S. and foreign government authorities. Although we actively engage with regulatory authorities, the timing of inspections and regulatory approvals for each of these facilities is the remit of the manufacturer and not within our control and may be delayed for a number of reasons. 18 COMPETITION The pharmaceutical industry is characterized by extensive research efforts, rapid technological progress, and intense competition. There are many public and private companies, including pharmaceutical companies and biotechnology companies, engaged in developing products for the indications our drugs are approved to treat and the therapeutic areas we are targeting with our research and development activities. Potential competitors also include academic institutions, government 

[truncated]