Disclaimer* Prudential PLC 02 September 2026 Update on share buyback programme On 6 January 2026, Prudential plc (the " Company ") announced the commencement of a buyback programme of its ordinary shares up to a maximum aggregate amount of USD 1.2 billion (the "Programme ") to be completed by no later than 18 December 2026. As announced in its 2026 Half Year Results on 27 August 2026, the Company has amended the agreement entered into with J.P. Morgan Securities plc (" JPM ") to increase the aggregate maximum amount allocated to the Programme from USD 1.2 billion to USD 1.472 billion (exclusive of associated fees, expenses and stamp duty) (equivalent to GBP 1.087 billion and HKD 11.542 billion, in each case based on the exchange rate at market close in London on 1 September 2026), with the Programme in aggregate now representing approximately 4% of the Company's issued share capital at the closing share price on 1 September 2026. The remaining terms and parameters of the Programme otherwise remain as set out in the announcement on 6 January 2026. There is no guarantee that the Programme will be implemented in full. Contact Media Investors/analysts Sonia Tsang + 852 5580 7525 HK Patrick Bowes +852 2918 5468 HK Janice Wong +852 6188 6381 HK William Elderkin +44 2039 779215 UK Ming Hau +44 2039 779293 UK Bosco Cheung +852 2918 5499 HK Tianjiao Yu +852 2918 5487 HK About Prudential plc Prudential provides life and health insurance and asset management in Greater China, ASEAN, India and Africa. Prudential's mission is to be the most trusted partner and protector for this generation and generations to come, by providing simple and accessible financial and health solutions. The business has dual primary listings on the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong (HKEX: 2378) and the London Stock Exchange (LSE: PRU). It also has a secondary listing on the Singapore Stock Exchange (SGX: K6S) and a listing on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE: PUK) in the form of American Depositary Receipts. It is a constituent of the Hang Seng Composite Index and is also included for trading in the Shenzhen-Hong Kong Stock Connect programme and the Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock Connect programme. Prudential is not affiliated in any manner with Prudential Financial, Inc. a company whose principal place of business is in the United States of America, nor with The Prudential Assurance Company Limited, a subsidiary of M&G plc, a company incorporated in the United Kingdom. www.prudentialplc.com/ This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Prudential (PRU) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 17 minutes ago Foxtons Group 59 minutes ago Canal+ SA 1 hour ago Harworth Group 1 hour ago Schroder British Opportunities Trust 1 hour ago Rolls-Royce Holdings All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Investor Meet Company Ltd Privacy and