Disclaimer* Prudential PLC 07 October 2026 New shares to be issued in connection with the scrip dividend alternative On 27 August 2026, Prudential plc (“ Prudential ”) announced a scrip dividend alternative in respect of the 2026 first interim dividend of 8.88 US cents per ordinary share (the “ Dividend ”), offered in accordance with the Evergreen Scrip Dividend Scheme Terms and Conditions. The scrip dividend alternative involves the issuance of relevant new ordinary shares on the Hong Kong line only. To participate in the scrip dividend alternative, shareholders must have held a minimum of 149 ordinary shares on the record date for the Dividend (11 September 2026). Prudential announces that 10,916 ordinary shares of 5 pence each will be issued in connection with the scrip dividend alternative (the “ Shares ”). When issued, these Shares will rank pari passu with the existing ordinary shares. Up to 4,148 of these Shares are expected to be sold pursuant to the share dealing facility which Prudential has made available to enable United Kingdom shareholders to participate in the scrip dividend alternative if they cannot provide an address in Hong Kong or details of a Hong Kong qualifying brokerage account (a requirement of holding shares on the Hong Kong line). Further announcements will be made in due course in respect of the admission of the Shares. Consistent with the Board’s policy on scrip and staff incentive scheme share issuances, it is intended that any minor dilution for shareholders resulting from the scrip issuance will be neutralised through the on-market buyback of shares on the London Stock Exchange. Further details can be found in the Evergreen Scrip Dividend Scheme Terms and Conditions available on Prudential’s website at www.prudentialplc.com/en/investors/shareholder-information/dividend/scrip-dividend . About Prudential plc Prudential provides life and health insurance and asset management in Greater China, ASEAN, India and Africa. Prudential’s mission is to be the most trusted partner and protector for this generation and generations to come, by providing simple and accessible financial and health solutions. The business has dual primary listings on the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong (HKEX: 2378) and the London Stock Exchange (LSE: PRU). It also has a secondary listing on the Singapore Stock Exchange (SGX: K6S) and a listing on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE: PUK) in the form of American Depositary Receipts. It is a constituent of the Hang Seng Composite Index and is also included for trading in the Shenzhen-Hong Kong Stock Connect programme and the Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock Connect programme. Prudential is not affiliated in any manner with Prudential Financial, Inc. a company whose principal place of business is in the United States of America, nor with The Prudential Assurance Company Limited, a subsidiary of M&G plc, a company incorporated in the United Kingdom. The ISIN code for the ordinary shares of Prudential is GB0007099541 and the TIDM code is PRU. https://www.prudentialplc.com/ Contact Tom Clarkson, Company Secretary, +44 (0)20 3977 9172 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Prudential (PRU) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 18 minutes ago Foxtons Group 1 hour ago Canal+ SA 1 hour ago Harworth Group 1 hour ago Schroder British Opportunities Trust 1 hour ago Rolls-Royce Holdings All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Investor Meet Company Ltd Privacy and