BETA Close X Prudential Plc has announced the admission of 5,729,627 further ordinary shares to trading on the London Stock Exchange's Main Market. This includes 1,836 shares issued on March 18, 2,442 shares on March 25, and another 2,442 shares on May 13, all pursuant to the exercise of options under the Prudential Sharesave Plan 2023. Additionally, 5,721,904 shares were issued on May 13, 2026, in connection with the company's scrip dividend alternative for the 2025 second interim dividend. The total number of shares admitted to trading now stands at 2,523,956,922, and these new shares are confirmed to be fungible with existing shares. Prudential will no longer release applications for block listings related to certain share option schemes. Disclaimer* Prudential PLC 15 May 2026 PRUDENTIAL PLC Notification of Admission of Further Securities to Trading (PRM 1.6.4R) In accordance with the Financial Conduct Authority's Prospectus Rules: Admission to Trading on a Regulated Market (PRM) sourcebook 1.6.4R. Prudential Plc notifies the market that shares have been admitted to trading as follows: 1 Issuer details a. Name: Prudential plc b. LEI 5493001Z3ZE83NGK8Y12 2 Details of the securities admitted to trading a. Regulated market on which the shares have been admitted to trading: London Stock Exchange - Main Market b. Name, type and ISIN of the shares: Ordinary Shares of 5 pence each GB0007099541 c. Number of further shares admitted: - 1,836 Shares issued on 18 March pursuant to the exercise of options under the Prudential Sharesave Plan 2023. - 2,442 Shares issued on 25 March pursuant to the exercise of options under the Prudential Sharesave Plan 2023. - 2,442 Shares issued on 13 May pursuant to the exercise of options under the Prudential Sharesave Plan 2023. - 5,721,904 Shares issued on 13 May 2026 in connection with the Company's scrip dividend alternative for the 2025 second interim dividend (following the announcement regarding the application for admission of the shares to trading on 12 May 2026). d. Total number of shares admitted to trading (including the new shares): 2,523,956,922 e. Confirmation that the new shares are fungible with existing shares already admitted to trading: Confirmed 3 Admission details a. Date(s) of admission: As noted in 2c. above. b. Prospectus information: The Evergreen Scrip Dividend Scheme terms and conditions are available on the Company's website: Scrip Dividend | Prudential plc c. Date range covered by the notification: All admissions from 18 March 2026 up to 14 May 2026 inclusive The unissued shares that were the subject of a block listing application specific to the Prudential International Saving-related Share Option Scheme (ISSOS) will not be issued, and following the removal of UK Listing Rule 20.6, Prudential Plc will not release any further applications with respect to blocklistings for either ISSOS or the Prudential International Savings-Related Share Option Scheme for Non-Employees (ISSONE). Additional information About Prudential plc Prudential provides life and health insurance and asset management in Greater China, ASEAN, India and Africa. Prudential's mission is to be the most trusted partner and protector for this generation and generations to come, by providing simple and accessible financial and health solutions. The business has dual primary listings on the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong (HKEX: 2378) and the London Stock Exchange (LSE: PRU). It also has a secondary listing on the Singapore Stock Exchange (SGX: K6S) and a listing on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE: PUK) in the form of American Depositary Receipts. It is a constituent of the Hang Seng Composite Index and is also included for trading in the Shenzhen-Hong Kong Stock Connect programme and the Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock Connect programme. Prudential is not affiliated in any manner with Prudential Financial, Inc. a company whose principal place of business is in the United States of America, nor with The Prudential Assurance Company Limited, a subsidiary of M&G plc, a company incorporated in the United Kingdom. www.prudentialplc.com Contact Sylvia Edwards, Deputy Group Secretary +44(0)7920 702682 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Prudential (PRU) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 day ago British American Tobacco 1 day ago Mitie Group 1 day ago Marks & Spencer Group 1 day ago Hammerson 1 day ago Reckitt Benckiser Group All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and