BETA Close X Prudential plc announced that 5,721,904 ordinary shares will be admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange's main market on May 13, 2026, ranking pari passu with existing shares. These shares are being issued in connection with the scrip dividend alternative for the 2025 second interim dividend, with 345,912 shares allocated to a share dealing facility for UK shareholders unable to meet Hong Kong holding requirements. Disclaimer* Prudential PLC 12 May 2026 Prudential plc - Admission of shares to trading Prudential plc (" Prudential ") announces that an application has been made to the London Stock Exchange for 5,721,904 ordinary shares of 5 pence each (the " Shares ") to be admitted to trading on the main market of the London Stock Exchange . The admission date for the Shares is expected to be 13 May 2026 . When issued, these Shares will rank pari passu with the existing ordinary shares. The Shares will be issued by Prudential in connection with the scrip dividend alternative for the 2025 second interim dividend. Prudential has made available a share dealing facility to enable United Kingdom shareholders to participate in the scrip dividend alternative for the 2025 second interim dividend if they cannot provide an address in Hong Kong or details of a Hong Kong qualifying brokerage account (a requirement of holding shares on the Hong Kong line). 345,912 of the Shares will be issued by Prudential in connection with this share dealing facility. About Prudential plc Prudential provides life and health insurance and asset management in Greater China, ASEAN, India and Africa. Prudential's mission is to be the most trusted partner and protector for this generation and generations to come, by providing simple and accessible financial and health solutions. The business has dual primary listings on the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong (HKEX: 2378) and the London Stock Exchange (LSE: PRU). It also has a secondary listing on the Singapore Stock Exchange (SGX: K6S) and a listing on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE: PUK) in the form of American Depositary Receipts. It is a constituent of the Hang Seng Composite Index and is also included for trading in the Shenzhen-Hong Kong Stock Connect programme and the Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock Connect programme. Prudential is not affiliated in any manner with Prudential Financial, Inc. a company whose principal place of business is in the United States of America, nor with The Prudential Assurance Company Limited, a subsidiary of M&G plc, a company incorporated in the United Kingdom. The ISIN code for the ordinary shares of Prudential is GB0007099541 and the TIDM code is PRU. https://www.prudentialplc.com/ Contact Tom Clarkson, Company Secretary, +44 (0)20 3977 9172 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Prudential (PRU) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 day ago British American Tobacco 1 day ago Mitie Group 1 day ago Marks & Spencer Group 1 day ago Hammerson 1 day ago Reckitt Benckiser Group All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and