Disclaimer* Prudential PLC 09 October 2026 2026 FIRST Interim Dividend On 27 August 2026, Prudential plc (“ Prudential ”) announced a 2026 first interim dividend of 8.88 US cents per ordinary share and a scrip dividend alternative in respect of the dividend, offered in accordance with the Evergreen Scrip Dividend Scheme Terms and Conditions. The scrip dividend alternative involves the issuance of relevant new ordinary shares on the Hong Kong line only. Shareholders holding shares on the UK and Hong Kong registers were able to elect to receive their dividend payment in US dollars by 2 October 2026. UK register Shareholders holding shares on the UK register who have elected to receive the dividend in cash and have not elected to receive their dividend payment in US dollars will receive the dividend payment in pounds sterling and their dividend will be converted from US dollars to pounds sterling at the rate of one US dollar to 0.757943 pounds sterling. Accordingly, the amount of sterling payable in cash on 22 October 2026 will be approximately: 6.730534 pence per ordinary share. Hong Kong branch register Shareholders holding shares on the Hong Kong branch register who have elected to receive the dividend in cash and have not elected to receive their dividend payment in US dollars will receive the dividend payment in Hong Kong dollars and their dividend will be converted from US dollars to Hong Kong dollars at the rate of one US dollar to 7.847670 Hong Kong dollars. Accordingly, the amount of Hong Kong dollars payable in cash on 22 October 2026 will be approximately: 0.696873 Hong Kong dollars per ordinary share . UK and Hong Kong register shareholders who have elected to receive new shares in respect of the dividend will receive the cash balance in respect of fractional shares, if any, in pounds sterling or Hong Kong dollars respectively, being converted from US dollars using the above mentioned exchange rates. For UK register shareholders, the cash balance will be paid at the same time as the distribution of sale proceeds to the UK register shareholders participating in the dealing facility, which is expected to take place within 14 Hong Kong trading days of the completion of the sale of the relevant shares via the dealing facility. For Hong Kong register shareholders, the cash balance will be paid on 22 October 2026. Further details can be found in the Evergreen Scrip Dividend Scheme Terms and Conditions available at www.prudentialplc.com/en/investors/shareholder-information/dividend/scrip-dividend . The US dollar to pound sterling and Hong Kong dollar conversion rates set out above were determined by the actual rates achieved by Prudential buying those currencies prior to the date of this announcement. Contacts Media Investors/analysts Simon Kutner +44 7581 023260 UK Patrick Bowes +852 2918 5468 HK Sonia Tsang +852 5580 7525 HK William Elderkin +44 20 3977 9215 UK Janice Wong +852 6188 6381 HK Ming Hau +44 20 3977 9293 UK Bosco Cheung +852 2918 5499 HK Tianjiao Yu +852 2918 5487 HK About Prudential plc Prudential provides life and health insurance and asset management in Greater China, ASEAN, India and Africa. Prudential’s mission is to be the most trusted partner and protector for this generation and generations to come, by providing simple and accessible financial and health solutions. The business has dual primary listings on the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong (HKEX: 2378) and the London Stock Exchange (LSE: PRU). It also has a secondary listing on the Singapore Stock Exchange (SGX: K6S) and a listing on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE: PUK) in the form of American Depositary Receipts. It is a constituent of the Hang Seng Composite Index and is also included for trading in the Shenzhen-Hong Kong Stock Connect programme and the Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock Connect programme. Prudential is not affiliated in any manner with Prudential Financial, Inc. a company whose principal place of business is in the United States of America, nor with The Prudential Assurance Company Limited, a subsidiary of M&G plc, a company incorporated in the United Kingdom. The ISIN code for the ordinary shares of Prudential is GB0007099541 and the TIDM code is PRU. https://www.prudentialplc.com/ This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Prudential (PRU) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 12 minutes ago On The Beach Group 1 hour ago Canal+ SA 2 hours ago Galliford Try 2 hours ago SSE 2 hours ago British Land Company All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Investor Meet Company Ltd Privacy and