BETA Close X Anil Wadhwani, Chief Executive Officer of Prudential plc, has been notified of two transactions involving ordinary shares. On June 1, 2026, Wadhwani acquired 256,093 shares for nil consideration under the Prudential Long Term Incentive Plan and an additional 426 shares for nil consideration related to dividends from the Prudential Deferred Annual Incentive Plan, both through the Prudential plc Employee Share Trust on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. Separately, on June 3, 2026, Wadhwani received an award of 419,318 ordinary shares under the Prudential Long Term Incentive Plan, with a price of HKD 113.13, to be released in June 2029 subject to performance criteria. Disclaimer* Prudential PLC 04 June 2026 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / person closely associated a) Name Anil Wadhwani 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/status Chief Executive Officer (PDMR) b) Initial notification /Amendment Initial notification 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name Prudential plc b) LEI 5493001Z3ZE83NGK8Y12 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Identification code Ordinary shares of 5 pence each GB0007099541 b) Nature of the transactions (i) Acquisition of shares for nil consideration following the release of an award made in 2023 under the Prudential Long Term Incentive Plan by the trustee of the Prudential plc Employee Share Trust (the "Trustee") (ii) Acquisition of shares for nil consideration following the release of dividends accrued in connection with an award made in 2023 under the Prudential Deferred Annual Incentive Plan by the trustee c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) (i) Nil 256,093 (ii) Nil 426 d) Aggregated information - Aggregated volume - Price 256,519 N/A e) Date of the transactions 2026-06-01 f) Place of the transactions Hong Kong Stock Exchange 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / person closely associated a) Name Anil Wadhwani 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/status Chief Executive Officer (PDMR) b) Initial notification /Amendment Initial notification 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name Prudential plc b) LEI 5493001Z3ZE83NGK8Y12 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Identification code Ordinary shares of 5 pence each GB0007099541 b) Nature of the transactions (i) Receipt of an award under the Prudential Long Term Incentive Plan to be released in June 2029 subject to the achievement of performance criteria c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) (i) HKD 113.13 419,318 d) Aggregated information - Aggregated volume - Price 419,318 HKD 113.13 e) Date of the transactions 2026-06-03 f) Place of the transactions Hong Kong Stock Exchange About Prudential plc Prudential provides life and health insurance and asset management in Greater China, ASEAN, India and Africa. Prudential's mission is to be the most trusted partner and protector for this generation and generations to come, by providing simple and accessible financial and health solutions. The business has dual primary listings on the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong (HKEX: 2378) and the London Stock Exchange (LSE: PRU). It also has a secondary listing on the Singapore Stock Exchange (SGX: K6S) and a listing on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE: PUK) in the form of American Depositary Receipts. It is a constituent of the Hang Seng Composite Index and is also included for trading in the Shenzhen-Hong Kong Stock Connect programme and the Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock Connect programme. Prudential is not affiliated in any manner with Prudential Financial, Inc. a company whose principal place of business is in the United States of America, nor with The Prudential Assurance Company Limited, a subsidiary of M&G plc, a company incorporated in the United Kingdom https://www.prudentialplc.com/ Contact Hannah Perera, Director, Group Reward and CHRO UK Group HR, +44 (0)20 3977 9529 Sylvia Edwards, Deputy Group Secretary, +44 (0)20 3977 9214 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Prudential (PRU) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 2 days ago British American Tobacco 2 days ago Mitie Group 2 days ago Marks & Spencer Group 2 days ago Hammerson 2 days ago Reckitt Benckiser Group All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and