Consolidated income (loss) before income taxes and equity in earnings of joint ventures and other operating entities $ 920 $ 1,390 __________ (1) The amounts for the three months ended March 31, 2024 reflect the correction of an error related to indexed variable and fixed annuity products within the Retirement Strategies segment. See “—Retirement Strategies” for additional information. Prior period amounts have been updated to conform to current period presentation. (2) See “ — General Account Investments” and Note 19 to the Unaudited Interim Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. (3) Represents the contribution to income (loss) of Divested and Businesses that have been or will be sold or exited, including businesses that have been placed in , but did not qualify for “discontinued operations” accounting treatment under U.S. GAAP. See “—Divested and Businesses” for additional information. (4) Equity in earnings of joint ventures and other operating entities is included in adjusted operating income but excluded from “Income (loss) before income taxes and equity in earnings of joint ventures and other operating entities” as it is reflected on an U.S. GAAP basis as a separate line in the Unaudited Interim Consolidated Statements of Operations. Earnings attributable to noncontrolling interests are excluded from adjusted operating income but included in “Income (loss) before income taxes and equity in earnings of joint ventures and other operating entities” as they are reflected on a U.S. GAAP basis as a separate line in the Unaudited Interim Consolidated Statements of Operations. Earnings attributable to noncontrolling interests represents the portion of earnings from consolidated entities that relates to the equity interests of minority investors. (5) Includes certain components of consideration for business acquisitions, which are recognized as compensation expense over the requisite service periods. Segment results for the period presented above reflect the following: PGIM. Results for the first quarter of 2025 decreased in comparison to the prior year period, primarily reflecting lower net other related revenues, partially offset by higher net asset management fees. 96 Table of Contents Retireme nt Strategies. Results for the first quarter of 2025 decreased in comparison to the prior year period, primarily driven by higher expenses and lower net fee income, partially offset by higher net investment spread results and more favorable reserve experience. Group Insurance. Results for the first quarter of 2025 increased in comparison to the prior year period, primarily reflecting higher underwriting results, partially offset by higher expenses and lower net investment spread results. Individual Life. Results for the first quarter of 2025 reflected decreased losses in comparison to the prior year period, primarily driven by higher underwriting results and lower expenses, partially offset by lower net investment spread results. International Businesses . Results for the first quarter of 2025 decreased in comparison to the prior year period, inclusive of a net unfavorable impact from foreign currency exchange rates. Excluding this item, results for the first quarter of 2025 decreased, primarily driven by lower net investment spread results and lower earnings on joint ventures and other operating entities. Corporate and Other . Results for the first quarter of 2025 reflected decreased losses in comparison to the prior year period, primarily driven by lower net charges from other corporate activities and higher pension and employee benefits results, partially offset by higher interest expense on debt. Closed Block Division. Results for the first quarter of 2025 decreased in comparison to the prior year period, primarily driven by lower net investment activity results, partially offset by changes in the policyholder dividend obligation. Segment Measures Adjusted Operating Income. In managing our business, we analyze our segments’ operating performance using “adjusted operating income.” Adjusted operating income does not equate to “Income (loss) before income taxes and equity in earnings of joint ventures and other operating entities” or “Net income (loss)” as determined in accordance with U.S. GAAP but is the measure of segment profit or loss we use to evaluate segment performance and allocate resources and, consistent with authoritative guidance, is our measure of segment performance. The adjustments to derive adjusted operating income are important to an understanding of our overall results of operations. Adjusted operating income is not a substitute for income determined in accordance with U.S. GAAP, and our definition of adjusted operating income may differ from that used by other companies; however, we believe that the presentation of adjusted operating income as we measure it for management purposes enhances the understanding of our results of operations by highlighting the results from ongoing operations and the underlying profitability of our businesses. See Note 19 to the Unaudited Interim Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding the presentation of segment results and our definition of adjusted operating income. Annualized New Business Premiums. In managing our Individual Life, Group Insurance and International Businesses segments, we analyze annualized new business premiums, which do not correspond to revenues under U.S. GAAP. Annualized new business premiums measure the current sales performance of the business, while revenues primarily reflect the renewal persistency of policies written in prior years and net investment income, in addition to current sales. Annualized new business premiums include 10% of first year premiums or deposits from products in our Individual Life and International Businesses segments. No other adjustments are made for contracts. The amount of annualized new business premiums for any given period can be significantly impacted by several factors, including but not limited to: addition of new products, discontinuation of existing products, changes in credited interest rates for certain products and other product modifications, changes in premium rates, changes in tax laws, changes in regulations or changes in the competitive environment. Sales volume may increase or decrease prior to certain of these changes becoming effective, and then fluctuate in the other direction following such changes. Assets Under Management. In managing our PGIM segment, we analyze assets under management (which do not correspond directly to U.S. GAAP assets) because the principal source of revenues is fees based on assets under management. Assets under management represent the fair market value or account value of assets that we manage directly for institutional clients, retail clients, and for our general account, as well as assets invested in our products that are managed by managers. 97 Table of Contents Account Values. In managing our Retirement Strategies segment, we analyze account values, which do not correspond directly to U.S. GAAP assets. Net additions (withdrawals) in our Institutional Retirement Strategies business and sales (redemptions) in our Individual Retirement Strategies business do not correspond to revenues under U.S. GAAP but are used as a relevant measure of business activity. Impact of Foreign Currency Exchange Rates Foreign currency exchange rate movements and related hedging strategies As a U.S.-based company with significant business operations outside the U.S., particularly in Japan, we are subject to foreign currency exchange rate movements that could impact our shareholder return on equity. We seek to mitigate this impact through various hedging strategies, including holding assets in certain of our foreign subsidiaries. In order to reduce equity volatility from foreign currency exchange rate movements, we primarily utilize a yen hedging strategy that calibrates the hedge level to preserve the relative contribution of our business to the Company’s overall return on equity on a leverage neutral basis. We implement this hedging strategy utilizing a variety of instruments, including assets and dual currency and synthetic dual currency investments held locally in our Japanese insurance subsidiaries. The total hedge level may vary based on our periodic assessment of the relative contribution of our business to the Company’s overall return on equity. The table below presents the aggregate amount of instruments that serve to hedge the impact of foreign currency exchange movements on our shareholder return on equity from our Japanese insurance subsidiaries as of the dates indicated. March 31, 2025 December 31, 2024 (in billions) Foreign currency hedging instruments: assets associated with entities(1) $ 6.8 $ 6.1 Dual currency and synthetic dual currency investments(2) 0.3 0.3 Total foreign currency hedges $ 7.1 $ 6.4 __________ (1) Includes fixed maturities at amortized cost plus any related accrued investment income, as well as USD notional amount of foreign currency derivative contracts outstanding. Note this amount represents only those USD assets serving to hedge the impact of foreign currency volatility on equity. Separate from this program, our Japanese operations also have $80.5 billion and $83.2 billion as of March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, respectively, of assets supporting liabilities related to products. (2) Dual currency and synthetic dual currency investments are held by our entities in the form of fixed maturities and loans with a principal component and interest income. The amounts shown represent the present value of future cash flows. The investments that hedge the impact of foreign currency exchange rate movements on shareholder return on equity from our Japanese insurance operations are reported within entities and, as a result, foreign currency exchange rate movements will impact their value reported within our Japanese insurance entities. We seek to mitigate the risk that future unfavorable foreign currency exchange rate movements will decrease the value of these investments reported within our Japanese insurance entities, and therefore negatively impact their equity and regulatory solvency margins, by having our Japanese insurance operations enter into currency hedging transactions with a subsidiary of Prudential Financial. These hedging strategies have the economic effect of moving the change in value of these investments due to foreign currency exchange rate movements from our Japanese entities to our entities. These investments also pay a coupon which is generally higher than what a similar investment would pay. The incremental impact of this higher yield on our investments, as well as our dual currency and synthetic dual currency investments, will vary over time, and is dependent on the duration of the underlying investments as well as interest rate environments in both the U.S. and Japan at the time of the investments. 98 Table of Contents Impact of intercompany foreign currency exchange rate arrangements on segment results of operations The financial results of our International Businesses and PGIM reflect the impact of intercompany arrangements with our Corporate and Other operations pursuant to which these segments’ earnings are translated at fixed currency exchange rates that are predetermined during the third quarter of the prior year using forward currency exchange rates. Results of our Corporate and Other operations include differences between the translation adjustments recorded by the segments at the fixed currency exchange rate versus the actual average rate during the period. In addition, specific to our International Businesses where we hedge certain currencies utilizing forward currency contracts with third parties, the results of our Corporate and Other operations also include the impact of any gains or losses recorded from these contracts that settled during the period, which include the impact of any over or under hedging of actual earnings that differ from projected earnings. The table below presents, for the periods indicated, the increase (decrease) to revenues and adjusted operating income for our International Businesses, PGIM and Corporate and Other operations, reflecting the impact of these intercompany arrangements. Three Months Ended March 31, 2025 2024 (in millions) Segment impacts of intercompany arrangements: International Businesses $ 3 $ 3 PGIM 0 0 Impact of intercompany arrangements(1) 3 3 Corporate and Other: Impact of intercompany arrangements(1) (3) (3) Settlement gains (losses) on forward currency contracts(2) 3 (3) Net benefit (detriment) to Corporate and Other 0 (6) Net impact on consolidated revenues and adjusted operating income $ 3 $ (3) __________ (1) Represents the difference between earnings translated on the basis of weighted average monthly currency exchange rates versus fixed currency exchange rates determined in connection with the foreign currency income hedging program. (2) As of March 31, 2025 and 2024, the total notional amounts of these forward currency contracts within our Corporate and Other operations were $0.8 billion and $0.7 billion, respectively. Impact of products denominated in currencies on U.S. GAAP earnings While our international insurance operations offer products denominated in local currency, several also offer products denominated in currencies. This is most notable in our Japanese operations, which currently offer primarily products, but have also historically offered Australian dollar (“AUD”)-denominated products. The insurance liabilities related to these products are supported by investments denominated in corresponding currencies, including a significant portion designated as . While the impact from foreign currency exchange rate movements on these assets and liabilities is economically matched, differences in the accounting for changes in the value of these assets and liabilities due to changes in foreign currency exchange rate movements have historically resulted in volatility in U.S. GAAP earnings. As a result, we implemented a structure in certain of our Japanese operations that disaggregated the USD- and businesses into separate divisions, each with its own functional currency that aligns with the underlying products and investments. The result of this alignment was to reduce differences in the accounting for changes in the value of these assets and liabilities that arise due to changes in foreign currency exchange rate movements. For the USD- and assets that were transferred under this structure, the net cumulative unrealized investment gains associated with foreign exchange remeasurement that were recorded in “Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)” (“AOCI”) totaled $1.1 billion as of both March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, and will be recognized in earnings within “Realized investment gains (losses), net” over time as these assets mature or are sold. Absent the sale of any of these assets prior to their stated maturity, approximately 2% of the $1.1 billion balance as of March 31, 2025 will be recognized throughout the remainder of 2025, approximately 5% will be recognized in 2026, and the remaining balance will be recognized from 2027 through 2051. 99 Table of Contents Highly inflationary economy Enterprise Group, our strategic investment in Ghana, has historically utilized the Ghanaian cedi as its functional currency given it is the currency of the primary economic environment in which the entity operates. In the fourth quarter of 2023, Ghana experienced a cumulative inflation rate that exceeded 100% over a 3-year period. As a result, Ghana’s economy was deemed to be highly inflationary, resulting in reporting changes effective January 1, 2024. Under U.S. GAAP, the financial statements of a foreign entity in a highly inflationary economy are to be remeasured as if its functional currency (formerly the Ghanaian cedi) is the reporting currency of its parent reporting entity (the USD) on a prospective basis. While this changed how the results of Enterprise Group were remeasured and/or translated into USD, the impact to our financial statements was not material nor is it expected to have a material impact to our financial statements in future periods given the relative size of the investment. Accounting Policies & Pronouncements Application of Critical Accounting Estimates The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires the application of accounting policies that often involve a significant degree of judgment. Management, on an ongoing basis, reviews the estimates and assumptions used in the preparation of the Company’s financial statements. If management determines that modifications to assumptions and estimates are appropriate given current facts and circumstances, the Company’s results of operations and financial position as reported in the Unaudited Interim Consolidated Financial Statements could change significantly. Management believes the accounting policies relating to the following areas are most dependent on the application of estimates and assumptions and require management’s most difficult, subjective, or complex judgments: • Insurance liabilities; • Goodwill; • Valuation of investments including derivatives, measurement of allowance for credit losses, and recognition of impairments (“OTTI”); • Pension and other postretirement benefits; • Taxes on income; and • Reserves for contingencies, including reserves for losses in connection with unresolved legal matters. Market Performance - Equity and Interest Rate Assumptions The liability for future policy benefits for certain of our universal life type products includes quarterly adjustments for the impact of changes to our estimate of future rates of returns on investments to reflect actual fund performance and market conditions. A portion of the returns on investments for our variable life contracts are dependent upon the total rate of return on assets held in separate account investment options. This rate of return influences the fees we earn and expected claims to be paid on variable life contracts, as well as other sources of profit. Returns that are higher than our expectations for a given period produce higher than expected account balances, which increase the future fees we expect to earn on variable life contracts and decrease expected claims to be paid on variable life contracts. The opposite occurs when returns are lower than our expectations. The weighted average rate of return assumptions used in developing estimated market returns consider many factors specific to each product type, including asset durations, asset allocations and other factors. With regard to equity market assumptions, the future rate of return assumption used in evaluating liabilities for future policy benefits for certain of our products, primarily our domestic and international variable life insurance products, is generally updated each quarter and is derived using a reversion to the mean approach, a common industry practice. Under this approach, we consider historical equity returns and adjust projected equity returns over an initial future period of five years (the “ ”) so that equity returns converge to the expected rate of return. If the projected future rate of return is greater than our maximum future rate of return of 15.0%, we use our maximum future rate of return. If the projected future rate of return is lower than our minimum future rate of return of 0%, we use our minimum future rate of return. As of March 31, 2025, our domestic variable life insurance businesses assume an 8.0% equity expected rate of return and a 3.9% mean reversion equity expected rate of return, and our international variable life insurance business assumes a 5.0% equity expected rate of return and a 1.0% mean reversion equity expected rate of return. 100 Table of Contents With regard to interest rate assumptions used in evaluating liabilities for future policy benefits for certain of our products, we update the and future rates used to project fixed income returns annually and quarterly, respectively. As a result of our 2024 annual reviews and update of assumptions and other refinements, we increased our expectation of both the 10-year U.S. Treasury rate and 10-year Japanese Government Bond yield by 25 basis points, and now grade to rates of 3.50% and 1.25%, respectively, over ten years. As part of our quarterly market experience updates, we update our projections of interest rates to reflect changes in current rates. For further discussion of impacts that could result from changes in these key estimates and assumptions, see “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Accounting Policies and Pronouncements—Application of Critical Accounting Estimates” in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024. Adoption of New Accounting Pronouncements See Note 2 to the Unaudited Interim Consolidated Financial Statements for accounting pronouncements issued but not yet adopted and newly adopted accounting pronouncements. Results of Operations by Segment PGIM Business Update • In July 2024, the Company exited PGIM Wadhwani LLP (“PGIMW”), our managed futures investment management firm. The results of PGIMW, beginning in the second quarter of 2024, are reflected in Divested and Businesses included within our Corporate and Other operations. Operating Results The following table sets forth PGIM’s operating results for the periods indicated: Three Months Ended March 31, 2025 2024 (in millions) Operating results(1): Revenues $ 985 $ 990 Expenses 829 821 Adjusted operating income 156 169 Equity in earnings of joint ventures and other operating entities and earnings attributable to noncontrolling interests 10 11 Other adjustments(2) 28 (8) Income (loss) before income taxes and equity in earnings of joint ventures and other operating entities $ 194 $ 172 __________ (1) Certain of PGIM’s investment activities are based in currencies other than the USD and are therefore subject to foreign currency exchange rate risk. The financial results of PGIM include the impact of an intercompany arrangement with our Corporate and Other operations designed to mitigate the impact of exchange rate changes on PGIM’s earnings. For additional information regarding this intercompany arrangement, see “—Results of Operations—Impact of Foreign Currency Exchange Rates,” above. (2) Includes certain components of consideration for business acquisitions, which are recognized as compensation expense over the requisite service periods. Adjusted Operating Income Adjusted operating income decreased $13 million , primarily reflecting lower other related revenues, net of related expenses, partially offset by higher asset management fees, net of related expenses. 101 Table of Contents Revenues and Expenses The following table sets forth PGIM’s revenues, presented on a basis consistent with the table above under “—Operating Results,” by type: Three Months Ended March 31, 2025 2024 (in millions) Revenues by type: Asset management fees by source: Institutional - Third Party(1) $ 387 $ 368 Retail - Third Party(1) 225 204 Affiliated(1)(2) 216 202 Total asset management fees 828 774 Other related revenues by source: Incentive fees 10 41 Transaction fees 7 4 Seed and 6 41 Commercial mortgage(3) 15 7 Total other related revenues 38 93 Service, distribution and other revenues 119 123 Total revenues $ 985 $ 990 __________ (1) Prior period amounts have been updated to conform to current period presentation. (2) Includes revenues from the Company’s general account assets, as well as certain separate account assets of the Company’s insurance and retirement businesses managed by PGIM. (3) Includes mortgage origination revenues from our commercial mortgage origination and servicing business. Revenues decreased $5 million. Other related revenues decreased, primarily reflecting lower seed and results and lower incentive fees driven by less favorable investment performance, partially offset by higher commercial mortgage origination revenues driven by higher loan production. These variances were partially offset by higher asset management fees, primarily reflecting fixed income and equity market appreciation, net inflows and strong investment performance. Expenses increased $8 million, primarily reflecting higher operating expenses, primarily due to business growth, partially offset by lower compensation expenses related to certain employee compensation plans. Also contributing to the increase were higher variable expenses related to the higher earnings described above. 102 Table of Contents Assets Under Management The following table sets forth assets under management by asset class as of the dates indicated: March 31, 2025 December 31, 2024 March 31, 2024 (in billions) Assets Under Management(1) (at fair value): Public equity $ 198.0 $ 215.7 $ 201.9 Public fixed income 856.7 832.2 824.5 Real estate 130.6 127.2 127.3 Private credit and other alternatives 121.8 118.0 114.0 78.2 82.1 73.7 Total PGIM assets under management $ 1,385.3 $ 1,375.2 $ 1,341.4 Assets under management within other reporting segments(2) 136.8 137.2 154.9 Total PFI assets under management $ 1,522.1 $ 1,512.4 $ 1,496.3 __________ (1) “Public equity” represents stock ownership interest in a corporation or partnership (excluding hedge funds) or real estate investment trust. “Public fixed income” represents debt instruments that pay interest and usually have a maturity (excluding mortgages). “Real estate” includes direct real estate equity and real estate mortgages. “Private credit and other alternatives” includes private credit, private equity, hedge funds and other alternative strategies. “ ” includes funds or products that invest in more than one asset class, balancing equity and fixed income funds and target date funds. (2) Primarily includes assets related to certain insurance and retirement products in our U.S. Businesses and Corporate and Other operations, and certain general account assets in our International Businesses. These assets are not directly managed by PGIM, but rather are invested in funds or are managed by either the divisions themselves or by our Chief Investment Officer Organization. The following table sets forth assets under management by source as of the dates indicated: March 31, 2025 December 31, 2024 March 31, 2024 (in billions) Assets Under Management (at fair value): Institutional - Third Party(1) $ 620.2 $ 601.1 $ 596.9 Retail - Third Party(1) 240.6 244.9 228.1 Affiliated(1)(2) 524.5 529.2 516.4 Total PGIM assets under management $ 1,385.3 $ 1,375.2 $ 1,341.4 Assets under management within other reporting segments(3) 136.8 137.2 154.9 Total PFI assets under management $ 1,522.1 $ 1,512.4 $ 1,496.3 __________ (1) Prior period amounts have been updated to conform to current period presentation. (2) Includes the Company’s general account assets, as well as certain separate account assets of the Company’s insurance and retirement businesses managed by PGIM. (3) Primarily includes assets related to certain insurance and retirement products in our U.S. Businesses and Corporate and Other operations, and certain general account assets in our International Businesses. These assets are not directly managed by PGIM, but rather are invested in funds or are managed by either the divisions themselves or by our Chief Investment Officer Organization. 103 Table of Contents The following table sets forth the component changes in PGIM’s assets under management for the periods indicated: Three Months Ended March 31, Twelve Months Ended March 31, 2025 2024 2025 (in billions) Beginning assets under management $ 1,375.2 $ 1,298.1 $ 1,341.4 Institutional flows(1) 4.6 27.5 (5.3) Retail flows (0.2) 0.5 0.7 Total flows(1) 4.4 28.0 (4.6) Affiliated flows(1)(2) (0.1) 7.2 17.2 Total net flows(1) 4.3 35.2 12.6 Distributions(1)(3) (1.3) (1.5) (5.5) Market appreciation (depreciation)(4) 5.0 18.9 46.7 Foreign exchange rate impact 3.8 (5.9) 0.3 Net money market activity and other increases (decreases) (1.7) (3.4) (10.2) Ending assets under management $ 1,385.3 $ 1,341.4 $ 1,385.3 __________ (1) Prior period amounts have been updated to conform to current period presentation. (2) Represents assets that PGIM manages for the benefit of other reporting segments within the Company. Additions and withdrawals of these assets are attributable to product inflows and outflows in other reporting segments. (3) Reflects income and dividend distributions related to private alternative funds and collateralized loan obligations. (4) Includes income reinvestment, where applicable. PGIM’s assets under management as of March 31, 2025 increased $44 billion in comparison to the prior year quarter, primarily driven by fixed income and equity market appreciation, net inflows and strong investment performance. PGIM’s assets under management as of March 31, 2025 increased $10 billion in comparison to the prior year end, primarily driven by market appreciation, net inflows and favorable foreign exchange rate impacts. Private Capital Deployment Private capital deployment is indicative of the pace and magnitude of capital that is invested and will result in future revenues that may include management fees, transaction fees, incentive fees and servicing revenues, as well as future costs to manage these assets. Private capital deployment represents the gross value of private capital invested in real estate debt and equity, and private credit and equity asset classes. Assets under management resulting from private capital deployment are primarily included in “Real estate” and “Private credit and other alternatives” in the “—Assets Under Management— by asset class table” above. As of March 31, 2025, these asset classes increased $7.2 billion compared to December 31, 2024, primarily reflecting private capital net inflows and market appreciation. Private capital deployment includes PGIM’s real estate agency debt business, which consists of agency commercial mortgage loans that are originated and sold to investors. PGIM continues to service these loans; however, they are not included in assets under management. The following table sets forth PGIM’s private capital deployed by asset class for the periods indicated: 104 Table of Contents Three Months Ended March 31, 2025 2024 (in billions) Private capital deployed: Real estate debt and equity $ 4.6 $ 2.0 Private credit and equity(1) 6.0 4.6 Total private capital deployed(1) $ 10.6 $ 6.6 __________ (1) Prior period amounts have been updated to conform to current period presentation. Seed and As of March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, PGIM had approximately $1,019 million and $1,079 million of seed investments and $426 million and $415 million of at carrying value, respectively, primarily consisting of public fixed income, public equity, real estate investments, and private credit and other alternatives. Retirement Strategies Operating Results The following table sets forth Retirement Strategies’ operating results for the periods indicated: Three Months Ended March 31, 2025 2024 (in millions) Operating results (1): Revenues: Institutional Retirement Strategies $ 3,105 $ 11,538 Individual Retirement Strategies 1,338 1,221 Total revenues 4,443 12,759 Benefits and expenses: Institutional Retirement Strategies 2,693 11,097 Individual Retirement Strategies 874 781 Total benefits and expenses 3,567 11,878 Adjusted operating income: Institutional Retirement Strategies 412 441 Individual Retirement Strategies 464 440 Total adjusted operating income 876 881 Realized investment gains (losses), net, and related charges and adjustments (249) (269) Change in value of market risk benefits, net of related hedging gains (losses) (357) 120 Equity in earnings of joint ventures and other operating entities and earnings attributable to noncontrolling interests 1 1 Income (loss) before income taxes and equity in earnings of joint ventures and other operating entities $ 271 $ 733 __________ (1) The amounts for the three months ended March 31, 2024 reflect the correction of an error related to indexed variable and fixed annuity products within the Individual Retirement Strategies business. See below for additional information. 105 Table of Contents As previously disclosed in the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024, during the fourth quarter of 2024, the Company identified an immaterial error in the application of adjusted operating income, which resulted in an overstatement thereof for indexed variable and fixed annuity products within the Retirement Strategies segment in the first three quarters of 2024. As a result, the Company voluntarily revised its historical adjusted operating income for the relevant periods, resulting in a decrease in adjusted operating income of $34 million for the three months ended March 31, 2024. Adjusted Operating Income Adjusted operating income from our Institutional Retirement Strategies business decreased $29 million, primarily driven by lower net investment spread results reflecting lower income on investments and derivatives, partially offset by higher income driven by an i ncrease in account values from business growth, and higher operating expenses. These decreases were partially offset by more favorable reserve experience. Adjusted operating income from our Individual Retirement Strategies business increased $24 million, primarily driven by higher net investment spread results due to the growth in indexed variable annuities and higher income on investments, partially offset by the impact of lower interest rates. This favorable variance was partially offset by higher amortization costs driven by business growth, as well as lower fee income, net of distribution expenses, resulting from lower average separate account values due to net outflows, partially offset by favorable equity markets. Revenues, Benefits and Expenses Revenues from our Institutional Retirement Strategies business decreased $8,433 million primarily reflecting lower pension risk transfer premiums due to the absence of significant sales which occurred in the prior year period, with corresponding offsets in policyholders’ benefits, as discussed below. Benefits and expenses of our Institutional Retirement Strategies business decreased $8,404 million. Policyholders’ benefits, including changes in reserves, decreased primarily related to the lower pension risk transfer premiums discussed above. Revenues from our Individual Retirement Strategies business increased $117 million primarily driven by higher net investment income due to growth in indexed variable annu ities and higher income from investments. This favorable variance was partially offset by lower asset management and service fees and lower policy charges and fee income resulting from lower average separate account values due to net outflows, partially offset by favorable equity markets. Benefits and expenses of our Individual Retirement Strategies business increased $93 million primarily driven by higher interest credited to policyholders’ account balances reflecting business growth, partially offset by lower general and administrative expenses, net of capitalization. Account Values Institutional Retire ment Strategies. Account values are a significant driver of our operating results and are primarily driven by net additions (withdrawals) and the impact of market changes. The investment income and interest we credit to policyholders on our products varies with the level of general account values. The income we earn on most of our products varies with the level of account values as many policy fees are determined by these values. The following table shows the changes in the account values of Institutional Retirement Strategies’ products for the periods indicated. Account values include both internally- and client balances as the total balances drive revenue for the Institutional Retirement Strategies business. For additional information regarding balances, see “—PGIM.” 106 Table of Contents Three Months Ended March 31, Twelve Months Ended March 31, 2025 2024 2025 (in millions) Total Institutional Retirement Strategies: Beginning total account value, gross(1) $ 288,202 $ 267,654 $ 274,630 Additions(2) 7,051 10,990 32,392 Withdrawals and benefits (6,642) (6,417) (25,552) Change in market value, interest credited and interest income 2,804 2,655 10,739 Other(3) 2,515 (252) 1,721 Ending total account value, gross 293,930 274,630 293,930 Reinsurance ceded (8,952) (9,179) (8,952) Ending total account value, net $ 284,978 $ 265,451 $ 284,978 __________ (1) Beginning total account values, net of reinsurance ceded, were $279,191 million and $258,417 million for the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively, and $265,451 million for the twelve months ended March 31, 2025. (2) Additions primarily include: group annuities and funded pension reinsurance calculated based on premiums received; international longevity reinsurance contracts calculated as the present value of future projected benefits; stable value contracts calculated as the fair value of customers’ funds held in a trust; and funding agreements issued calculated based on premiums received. (3) “Other” activity includes the effect of foreign exchange rate changes associated with our British pound sterling denominated international reinsurance business and changes in asset balances for accounts. For the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, “Other” activity also includes $801 million in receipts offset by $956 million in payments, and $1,072 million in receipts offset by $933 million in payments, respectively, related to funding agreements backed by commercial paper that typically have maturities of less than 90 days. The increase in Institutional Retirement Strategies net account values for the three months ended March 31, 2025 reflects interest credited on customer funds and an increase in the market values of assets, and the positive impact of foreign exchange rate changes. The increase in Institutional Retirement Strategies net account values for the twelve months ended March 31, 2025 reflects net additions primarily driven by significant pension risk transfer transactions, including funded pension risk transfer and international reinsurance sales, interest credited on customer funds, an increase in the market values of assets, and the positive impact of foreign exchange rate changes. Individual Retirement Strategies. Account values are a significant driver of our operating results. Since most fees are determined by the level of separate account assets, fee income varies primarily based on the level of account values. Account values are driven by net flows from new business sales, surrenders, withdrawals and benefit payments, policy charges and the impact of positive or negative market value changes. The following table sets forth account value information of Individual Retirement Strategies’ products for the periods indicated: 107 Table of Contents Three Months Ended March 31, Twelve Months Ended March 31, 2025 2024 2025 (in millions) Total Individual Retirement Strategies: Beginning total account value, gross(1) $ 138,639 $ 129,708 $ 134,700 Sales 3,479 3,314 14,232 Full surrenders and death benefits (2,892) (2,565) (11,420) Sales, net of full surrenders and death benefits 587 749 2,812 Partial withdrawals and other benefit payments (1,416) (1,290) (5,306) Net flows (829) (541) (2,494) Change in market value, interest credited and other activity (1,481) 6,081 5,746 Policy charges (503) (548) (2,126) Ending total account value, gross 135,826 134,700 135,826 Reinsurance ceded (11,752) (11,688) (11,752) Ending total account value, net(2) $ 124,074 $ 123,012 $ 124,074 __________ (1) Beginning total account values, net, were $127,120 million and $117,911 million for the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively, and $123,012 million for the twelve months ended March 31, 2025. (2) Includes net variable and fixed annuities sold as retail investment products. Variable annuity account values were $113,193 million and $115,263 million as of March 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively. Fixed annuity account values were $10,881 million and $7,749 million as of March 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively. Individual Retirement Strategies sales, net of full surrenders and death benefits, for the three months ended March 31, 2025 decreased in comparison to the prior year period driven by higher full surrenders, partially offset by higher sales of indexed variable annuities products. The decrease in Individual Retirement Strategies net account values for the three months ended March 31, 2025 reflects market value depreciation, net outflows and policy charges on contractholder accounts. The increase in net account values for the twelve months ended March 31, 2025 reflects market value appreciation, partially offset by net outflows and policy charges on contractholder accounts. Risks and Risk Mitigants The following is a summary of certain risks associated with Individual Retirement Strategies’ products, certain strategies in mitigating those risks including any updates to those strategies since the previous , and the related financial results. Fixed Annuity Risks and Risk Mitigants. The primary risk exposure of our fixed annuity products relates to investment risks we bear for providing customers a minimum guaranteed interest rate or an interest rate required to be credited to the customer’s account value, which include interest rate fluctuations and/or sustained periods of low interest rates, and credit risk related to the underlying investments. We manage these risk exposures primarily through our investment strategies, inclusive of derivatives, and product design features, which include credit rate resetting subject to the minimum guaranteed interest rate as well as surrender charges applied during the early years of the contract that help to provide protection for premature withdrawals. In addition, a portion of our fixed products has a market value adjustment provision that affords protection of lapse in the case of rising interest rates. We also manage these risk exposures through external reinsurance for certain of our fixed annuity products. For additional information regarding our external reinsurance agreements, see Note 12 to the Unaudited Interim Consolidated Financial Statements. Indexed Variable Annuity Risks and Risk Mitigants. The primary risk exposure of our indexed variable annuity products relates to the investment risks we bear in order to credit to the customer’s account balance the required crediting rate based on the performance of the elected indices at the end of each term. We manage this risk primarily through our investment strategies, inclusive of derivatives, and product design features, which include credit rate resetting subject to contractual minimums as well as surrender charges applied during the early years of the contract that help to provide protection for premature withdrawals. In addition, our indexed variable annuity strategies have an interim value provision that provides some protection from lapse in the case of rising interest rates. 108 Table of Contents Variable Annuity Risks and Risk Mitigants. The primary risk exposures of our variable annuity contracts relate to actual deviations from, or changes to, the assumptions used in the original pricing of these products, including capital markets assumptions such as equity market returns, interest rates and market volatility, along with actuarial assumptions such as contractholder mortality, the timing and amount of annuitization and withdrawals, and contract lapses. For these risk exposures, achievement of our expected returns is subject to the risk that actual experience will differ from the assumptions used in the original pricing of these products. We manage our exposure to certain risks driven by fluctuations in capital markets primarily through a combination of i) Product Design Features, and ii) our Asset Liability Management Strategy, as discussed below. We also manage these risk exposures through external reinsurance for certain of our variable annuity products. For additional information regarding our external reinsurance agreements, see Note 12 to the Unaudited Interim Consolidated Financial Statements. i. Product Design Features: A portion of the variable annuity contracts that we offered include an automatic rebalancing feature, also referred to as an asset transfer feature. This feature is implemented at the contract level, and transfers assets between certain variable investment selected by the annuity contractholder and, depending on the benefit feature, a account in the general account or a bond fund within the separate accounts. The objective of the automatic rebalancing feature is to reduce our exposure to equity market risk and market volatility. Other product design features we utilize include, among others, asset allocation restrictions, minimum issuance age requirements and certain limitations on the amount of purchase payments, as well as a required minimum allocation to our general account for certain of our products. In addition, there is diversity in our fee arrangements, as certain fees are primarily based on the benefit guarantee amount, the contractholder account value and/or premiums, which helps preserve certain revenue streams when market fluctuations cause account values to decline. ii. Asset Liability Management (“ALM”) Strategy (including fixed income instruments and derivatives): We employ an ALM strategy that utilizes a combination of both traditional fixed income instruments and derivatives to meet expected liabilities associated with our annuity guarantees that under U.S . GAAP are considere d MRBs. The MRB liability that we hedge consists of expected living and death benefit c laims under various market conditions, which are managed using fixed income instruments, derivatives, or a combination thereof. For our PDI variable annuity, we utilize fixed income instruments to meet expected liabilities. For the portion of our ALM strategy executed with derivatives, we enter into a range of and (“OTC”) equity, interest rate and credit derivatives, including, but not limited to: equity and treasury futures; total return, credit default and interest rate swaps; and options including equity options, swaptions, and floors and caps. The intent of this strategy is to more efficiently manage the capital and liquidity associated with these products while continuing to mitigate fluctuations in net income due to mo vements in capital markets. To achieve this, we periodically review and recalibrate the ALM strategy by optimizing the mix of derivatives and fixed income instruments to achieve expected outcomes. Under our ALM strategy, we expect differences in the U.S. GAAP net income impact between the changes in value of the fixed income instruments (either designated as or designated as trading) and derivatives as compared to the changes in the MRB liability these assets support. These differences can be primarily attribut ed to two distinct areas: • Different accounting treatment between liabilities and assets supporting those liabilities . Under U.S. GAAP, changes in the fair value of the derivative instruments and fixed income instruments designated as trading, and MRBs, excluding the changes in the Company’s risk (“NPR”) spreads, are immediately reflected in net income, while changes in the fair value of fixed income instruments that are designated as are recorded as unrealized gains (losses) in other comprehensive income. • General hedge results. For the derivative portion of the ALM strategy, the net hedging impact (the extent to which the changes in value of the hedging instruments offset the change in value of the portion of the MRBs we are hedging) may be impacted by a number of factors, including: cash flow timing differences between our hedging instruments and the corresponding portion of the MRBs we are hedging, basis differences attributable to actual underlying contractholder funds to be hedged versus hedgeable indices, rebalancing costs related to dynamic rebalancing of hedging instruments as markets move, certain elements of the MRBs that may not be hedged (including certain actuarial assumptions), and implied and realized market volatility on the hedge positions relative to the portion of the MRBs we seek to hedge. 109 Table of Contents Product Specific Risks and Risk Mitigants As noted above, the risks associated with our Individual Retirement Strategies’ products are mitigated through product design features, including automatic rebalancing, as well as through our ALM strategy and external reinsurance. The following table sets forth the risk management profile of our living benefit guarantees and guaranteed minimum death benefit (“GMDB”) features as of the periods indicated: March 31, 2025 December 31, 2024 March 31, 2024 Account Value % of Total Account Value % of Total Account Value % of Total ($ in millions) Living benefit/GMDB features(1): Both ALM strategy and automatic rebalancing(2)(3) $ 61,645 51 % $ 64,856 52 % $ 70,599 56 % ALM strategy only(3) 1,690 1 % 1,782 1 % 1,955 2 % Automatic rebalancing only 70 0 % 77 0 % 80 0 % External reinsurance(4) 10,371 9 % 10,665 9 % 11,956 10 % PDI 1,319 1 % 1,342 1 % 1,477 1 % Other products 1,457 1 % 1,553 1 % 1,631 1 % Total living benefit/GMDB features 76,552 80,275 87,698 GMDB features and other(5) 45,249 37 % 45,338 36 % 37,267 30 % Total variable annuity account value $ 121,801 $ 125,613 $ 124,965 __________ (1) All contracts with living benefit guarantees also contain GMDB features, which cover the same insured contract. (2) Contracts with living benefits that are included in our ALM strategy and that have an automatic rebalancing feature. (3) Excludes retained PDI which is presented separately within this table. (4) Represents contracts subject to reinsurance transactions with external counterparties. Includes approximately $9 billion of account values in relation to the PDI reinsurance transaction, and certain Highest Daily Lifetime Income (“HDI”) v.3.0 business for the period April 1, 2015 through December 31, 2016. The HDI contracts with living benefits also have an automatic rebalancing feature. See Note 12 to the Unaudited Interim Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. (5) Includes contracts that have a GMDB feature and do not have an automatic rebalancing feature. Results excluded from adjusted operating income The following table provides the net impact to the Unaudited Interim Consolidated Statements of Operations from the portion of Retirement Strategies’ results excluded from adjusted operating income: Three Months Ended March 31, 2025 2024 (in millions)(1) Results excluded from adjusted operating income: Change in MRBs, excluding changes in the NPR adjustment(2) $ (652) $ 1,568 Change in the value of the liabilities, excluding changes in the NPR adjustment(3)(4) (289) 75 Change in the NPR adjustment, excluding changes recognized in OCI 51 (51) Change in the fair value of hedge assets(5) 343 (1,454) Other(6) 37 (60) Total Individual Retirement Strategies results excluded from adjusted operating income (510) 78 Total Institutional Retirement Strategies results excluded from adjusted operating income (95) (226) Total results excluded from adjusted operating income $ (605) $ (148) __________ (1) Positive amounts represent income; negative amounts represent a loss. (2) Also excludes related hedging gains (losses), which are included within this table in “Change in the fair value of hedge assets.” (3) The amounts for the three months ended March 31, 2024 reflect the correction of an error related to indexed variable and fixed annuity products within the Individual Retirement Strategies business. See above for additional information. 110 Table of Contents (4) Represents the change in the liability for our fixed and variable indexed annuities, including the fair value of embedded derivative instruments associated with those products, which is measured utilizing a valuation methodology required under U.S. GAAP. The total GAAP liability includes the fair value of all index credits for the current term and all future projected renewals of the policy; however, only changes in the liability associated with the current term elected by the policyholder are included in adjusted operating income, while changes in the liability associated with all future projected renewals of the policy are excluded from adjusted operating income. (5) Represents the change in fair value of the derivatives utilized to hedge potential claims associated with our variable annuity living and death benefit guarantees. (6) Includes the changes in duration swaps, deferred policy acquisition costs (“DAC”) amortization, trading gains or losses, and other activity. For the three months ended March 31, 2025, the loss of $605 million was primarily driven by the net impact of lower interest rates and unfavorable equity market performance on MRBs and other liabilities, net of hedging. Group Insurance Operating Results The following table sets forth Group Insurance’s operating results and benefits and administrative expense ratios for the periods indicated: Three Months Ended March 31, 2025 2024 ($ in millions) Operating results: Revenues $ 1,748 $ 1,634 Benefits and expenses 1,659 1,589 Adjusted operating income 89 45 Realized investment gains (losses), net, and related charges and adjustments (21) (8) Income (loss) before income taxes and equity in earnings of joint ventures and other operating entities $ 68 $ 37 Benefits ratios(1)(2): Group life 87.1 % 90.1 % Group disability 65.6 % 71.3 % Total Group Insurance 81.3 % 84.7 % Administrative expense ratios(2)(3)(4): Group life 10.8 % 11.4 % Group disability 25.8 % 24.2 % Total Group Insurance 14.8 % 15.0 % __________ (1) Ratio of policyholder benefits to earned premiums plus policy charges and fee income. (2) The benefits and administrative expense ratios are measures used to evaluate profitability and efficiency. (3) Ratio of operating and variable expenses (excluding commissions) to net premiums plus policy charges and fee income, excluding administrator fees and expenses. (4) Prior period ratios have been updated to conform to current period presentation. Adjusted Operating Income Adjusted operating income increased $44 million, primarily reflecting higher underwriting results in our group life business, driven by a positive impact from a reserve refinement for certain contracts and more favorable mortality experience on contracts, and higher underwriting results in our group disability business driven by more favorable claims experience on disability contracts. These favorable variances were partially offset by higher variable and operating expenses, largely supporting business growth, and lower net investment spread results driven by lower income on investments. 111 Table of Contents Revenues, Benefits and Expenses Revenues increased $114 million. The increase primarily reflected higher premiums and policy charges and fee income, driven by business growth in our group life business as well as a positive impact from a reserve refinement for certain contracts. Benefits and expenses increased $70 million. The increase primarily reflected higher policyholders’ benefits and higher general and administrative expenses, both largely driven by business growth, partially offset by more favorable mortality experience on contracts in our group life business and more favorable claims experience on disability contracts. Sales Results The following table sets forth Group Insurance’s annualized new business premiums, as defined under “—Segment Measures” above, for the periods indicated: Three Months Ended March 31, 2025 2024 (in millions) Annualized new business premiums(1): Group life $ 225 $ 189 Group disability 175 189 Total $ 400 $ 378 __________ (1) Amounts exclude new premiums resulting from rate changes on existing policies, from additional coverage under our Servicemembers’ Group Life Insurance contract and from excess premiums on group universal life insurance that build cash value but do not purchase face amounts. Total annualized new business premiums for the three months ended March 31, 2025 increased $22 million compared to the prior year period, primarily driven by higher sales in the Premier market segment in both our group life and group disability businesses, partially offset by lower sales in the National market segment in our group disability business, including lower supplemental health product sales, primarily reflecting the absence of outsized sales which occurred in the prior year period. Individual Life Business Update • In August 2024, the Company entered into an agreement with Wilton Re to reinsure certain guaranteed universal life policies issued by Pruco Life and PLNJ. These policies represented approximately 40% of the Company’s remaining statutory reserves on its guaranteed universal life block of business, following the close of the reinsurance transaction with Somerset Re in the first quarter of 2024. The transaction was completed in December 2024 with an effective date of October 1, 2024. These two external reinsurance agreements reduced, in aggregate, the Company’s previously established statutory reserves on its guaranteed universal life block of business by approximately 60%. See Note 12 to the Unaudited Interim Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding these transactions. Operating Results The following table sets forth Individual Life’s operating results for the periods indicated: 112 Table of Contents Three Months Ended March 31, 2025 2024 (in millions) Operating results: Revenues $ 1,515 $ 1,580 Benefits and expenses 1,549 1,701 Adjusted operating income (34) (121) Realized investment gains (losses), net, and related charges and adjustments (71) (81) Market experience updates 4 (55) Income (loss) before income taxes and equity in earnings of joint ventures and other operating entities $ (101) $ (257) Adjusted Operating Income Adjusted operating income increased $87 million, primarily driven by higher underwriting results reflecting the ongoing favorable impact from the reinsurance transaction with Wilton Re, partially offset by unfavorable mortality experience in the current quarter. Also contributing to the increase were lower expenses reflecting the absence of costs associated with the closing of the reinsurance transaction with Somerset Re in the first quarter of 2024. These variances were partially offset by lower net investment spread results reflecting the absence of income on assets related to the reinsurance transaction with Wilton Re, and lower income on investments, partially offset by lower financing costs resulting from the reinsurance transactions discussed above and the consolidation of our internal captive reinsurance arrangements in the fourth quarter of 2024. Revenues, Benefits and Expenses Revenues decreased $65 million, primarily driven by lower investment results reflecting the absence of income on assets related to the reinsurance transaction with Wilton Re, partially offset by higher policy charges and fee income due to business growth. Benefits and expenses decreased $152 million, primarily driven by lower policyholders’ benefits, including changes in reserves, as well as lower interest expense and lower interest credited on policyholders’ account balances as a result of the reinsurance transaction with Wilton Re. Also contributing to the decrease were lower general and administrative expenses due to the absence of costs associated with the closing of the reinsurance transaction with Somerset Re in the first quarter of 2024. These variances were partially offset by unfavorable changes in estimates of the liability for future policy benefits due to unfavorable mortality experience in the current quarter. Sales Results The following table sets forth Individual Life’s annualized new business premiums, as defined under “—Results of Operations—Segment Measures” above, by distribution channel and product, for the periods indicated: Three Months Ended March 31, 2025 Three Months Ended March 31, 2024 Prudential Advisors Third- Party Total Prudential Advisors Third- Party Total (in millions) Variable Life $ 33 $ 121 $ 154 $ 30 $ 86 $ 116 Term Life 4 28 32 4 27 31 Universal Life 1 23 24 1 19 20 Total $ 38 $ 172 $ 210 $ 35 $ 132 $ 167 Total annualized new business premiums for the first quarter of 2025 increased $43 million, primarily reflecting higher variable life sales. 113 Table of Contents International Businesses Business Updates • Effective in the first quarter of 2025, consistent with changes to the Company’s internal management structure, our International Businesses are reflected as a single operating and reportable segment, which is how the CODM now assesses its performance and allocates resources. Prior to the first quarter of 2025, our International Businesses consisted of the Life Planner and Gibraltar Life and Other operating segments, each of which was a reportable segment under U.S. GAAP. The change has been applied retrospectively and did not have any impact on the Company’s Unaudited Interim Consolidated Financial Statements contained herein or to any previously issued financial statements. • In December 2024, the Company entered into an agreement with Prismic Life Reinsurance International, Ltd. (“Prismic Re International”), a subsidiary of Prismic, to reinsure approximately $7 billion of reserves for certain Japanese whole life policies originated by the Company’s Japanese affiliates. The transaction was completed in March 2025 with an effective date of March 1, 2025. See Note 12 to the Unaudited Interim Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. Operating Results The results of our International Businesses’ operations are translated on the basis of weighted average monthly exchange rates, inclusive of the effects of the intercompany arrangement discussed in “—Results of Operations—Impact of Foreign Currency Exchange Rates” above. To provide a better understanding of operating performance within the International Businesses, where indicated below, we have analyzed our results of operations excluding the effect of the year over year change in foreign currency exchange rates. Our results of operations, excluding the effect of foreign currency fluctuations, were derived by translating foreign currencies to USD at uniform exchange rates for all periods presented, including for constant dollar information discussed below. For our Japan operations, we used an exchange rate of 143 yen per USD. In addition, for constant dollar information discussed below, activity denominated in USD is generally reported based on the amounts as transacted in USD. Annualized new business premiums presented on a constant exchange rate basis in the “Sales Results” section below reflect translation based on these same uniform exchange rates. 114 Table of Contents The following table sets forth the International Businesses’ operating results for the periods indicated: Three Months Ended March 31, 2025 2024 (in millions) Operating results: Revenues $ 4,738 $ 4,713 Benefits and expenses 3,890 3,817 Adjusted operating income 848 896 Realized investment gains (losses), net, and related charges and adjustments 202 218 Change in value of market risk benefits, net of related hedging gains (losses) 6 3 Market experience updates 37 23 Equity in earnings of joint ventures and other operating entities and earnings attributable to noncontrolling interests (29) (36) Income (loss) before income taxes and equity in earnings of joint ventures and other operating entities $ 1,064 $ 1,104 Adjusted Operating Income Adjusted operating income decreased $48 million, including a net unfavorable impact of $10 million from currency fluctuations. Excluding this item, adjusted operating income decreased $38 million, primarily reflecting lower net investment spread results, driven by lower income on investments, and lower earnings on joint ventures and other operating entities. Also contributing to the decrease were lower underwriting results, driven by the decline of traditional life insurance business in force in Japan, partially offset by the growth of business in force in Brazil, as well as higher variable expenses, primarily due to business growth in Brazil. These variances were partially offset by lower operating expenses. Revenues, Benefits and Expenses Revenues increased $25 million, including a net unfavorable impact of $100 million from currency fluctuations. Excluding this item, revenues increased $125 million, primarily reflecting higher net investment income, driven by higher reinvestment rates and growth in both variable and investment products in Japan, partially offset by lower income on investments. Also contributing to the increase were lower investment losses from less unfavorable derivatives settlements. Premiums were consistent with the prior year period as the decline of traditional life insurance business in force in Japan was offset by the absence of the impact from higher ceded reinsurance in the prior year period. Benefits and expenses increased $73 million, including a net favorable impact of $90 million from currency fluctuations. Excluding this item, benefits and expenses increased $163 million, primarily reflecting higher policyholder benefits, including changes in reserves, largely driven by the absence of the impact from higher ceded reinsurance in the prior year period, partially offset by the decline of traditional life insurance business in force in Japan, as discussed above, and higher interest credited to policyholders’ account balances, reflecting growth in both variable and investment products in Japan. Also contributing to the increase were higher general and administrative expenses, primarily driven by business growth in Brazil. These variances were partially offset by favorable changes in estimates of the liability for future policy benefits. 115 Table of Contents Sales Results The following table sets forth annualized new business premiums, as defined under “—Results of Operations—Segment Measures” above, on an actual and constant exchange rate basis for the periods indicated: Three Months Ended March 31, 2025 2024 (in millions) Annualized new business premiums: On an actual exchange rate basis $ 576 $ 517 On a constant exchange rate basis $ 586 $ 508 The amount of annualized new business premiums and the sales mix, in terms of types and currency denomination of products, for any given period can be significantly impacted by several factors, including but not limited to: the addition of new products, discontinuation of existing products, changes in credited interest rates for certain products and other product modifications, changes in premium rates, changes in interest rates or fluctuations in currency markets, changes in tax laws, changes in life insurance regulations or changes in the competitive environment. Sales volume may increase or decrease prior to certain of these changes becoming effective, and then fluctuate in the other direction following such changes. Our diverse product portfolio in Japan, in terms of currency mix and premium payment structure, allows us to adapt to changing market and competitive dynamics, including the low interest rate environment. We regularly examine our product offerings and their related profitability and reprice or discontinue sales of certain products that do not meet our profit expectations. The impact of these actions, coupled with the introduction of certain new products, has generally resulted in higher sales of products denominated in USD relative to products denominated in other currencies; however, more recently we have experienced an increase in sales of our new product offerings as a result of growing demand for these products. The table below presents annualized new business premiums on a constant exchange rate basis, by product category and distribution channel, for the periods indicated: Three Months Ended March 31, 2025 Three Months Ended March 31, 2024 Life Accident & Health Retirement (1) Investment Contracts (2) Total Life Accident & Health Retirement (1) Investment Contracts (2) Total (in millions) Life Planner $ 105 $ 19 $ 74 $ 67 $ 265 $ 92 $ 16 $ 77 $ 49 $ 234 Life Consultants 22 4 23 83 132 28 4 9 65 106 Banks 25 2 0 68 95 37 3 0 54 94 Independent Agency and Other 36 6 23 29 94 20 3 18 33 74 Total $ 188 $ 31 $ 120 $ 247 $ 586 $ 177 $ 26 $ 104 $ 201 $ 508 __________ (1) Includes retirement income, endowment and savings variable life. (2) Includes market value adjusted investment contracts, whole life products and annuity products. Annualized new business premiums, on a constant exchange rate basis, increased $78 million. Life Planner sales increased $31 million, primarily driven by Japan, reflecting higher investment contract and life product sales, partially offset by lower retirement product sales. Also contributing to the increase were higher life product sales in Brazil. Life Consultant sales increased $26 million, reflecting higher investment contract and retirement product sales, partially offset by lower life product sales. Independent Agency and Other sales increased $20 million, reflecting higher life, retirement and accident and health product sales, partially offset by lower investment contract sales. Bank channel sales increased $1 million, primarily reflecting higher investment contract product sales, partially offset by lower life product sales. 116 Table of Contents Corporate and Other Operating Results Corporate and Other includes corporate operations, after allocations to our business segments, and Divested and Businesses other than those that qualify for “discontinued operations” accounting treatment under U.S. GAAP. The following table sets forth Corporate and Other’s operating results for the periods indicated: Three Months Ended March 31, 2025 2024 (in millions) Operating results: Investment income $ 55 $ 55 Interest expense on debt (236) (205) Pension and employee benefits 102 94 Other corporate activities (336) (379) Adjusted operating income (415) (435) Realized investment gains (losses), net, and related charges and adjustments (107) 77 Market experience updates (2) 0 Divested and Businesses (51) (35) Equity in earnings of joint ventures and other operating entities and earnings attributable to noncontrolling interests 21 (3) Income (loss) before income taxes and equity in earnings of joint ventures and other operating entities $ (554) $ (396) The loss from Corporate and Other operations, on an adjusted operating income basis, decreased $20 million, primarily driven by lower net charges from other corporate activities of $43 million reflecting lower costs for compensation plans, partially offset by higher net costs primarily related to technology. Pension and employee benefits results were favorable by $8 million, primarily reflecting higher earnings from our pension and plans from higher returns on plan assets, and lower service costs. Interest expense on debt increased $31 million largely reflecting higher average debt balances. Divested and Businesses Divested and Businesses Included in Corporate and Other Income from our Divested and Businesses includes results from several businesses that have been or will be sold or exited, including businesses that have been placed in wind down status that do not qualify for “discontinued operations” accounting treatment under U.S. GAAP. The results of these Divested and Businesses are reflected in our Corporate and Other operations but are excluded from adjusted operating income. A summary of the results of the Divested and Businesses reflected in our Corporate and Other operations is as follows for the periods indicated: Three Months Ended March 31, 2025 2024 (in millions) Care $ (37) $ 134 Other(1) (14) (169) Total Divested and Businesses income (loss) excluded from adjusted operating income $ (51) $ (35) __________ (1) Effective second quarter of 2024, the results of PGIMW are excluded from PGIM’s adjusted operating results and are included herein. 117 Table of Contents Care Results decreased $171 million compared to the prior year period, primarily reflecting unfavorable impacts from changes in the market value of equity securities. Other Divested and Businesses Results increased $155 million compared to the prior year period, primarily reflecting the absence of impairments and charges related to management’s decision to exit Assurance IQ and its subsequent classification as a divested business in the first quarter of 2024. Closed Block Division The Closed Block division includes certain traditional domestic participating life insurance and annuity products and assets that are used for the payment of benefits and policyholder dividends on these policies (collectively the “Closed Block”), as well as certain related assets and liabilities. We no longer offer these traditional domestic participating policies. See Note 13 to the Unaudited Interim Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. Each year, the Board of Directors of The Prudential Insurance Company of America (“PICA”) determines the dividends payable on participating policies for the following year based on the experience of the Closed Block, including investment income, net realized and unrealized investment gains (losses), mortality experience and other factors. Although the Closed Block experience for dividend action decisions is based upon statutory results, at the time the Closed Block was established, we developed, as required by U.S. GAAP, an actuarial calculation of the timing of the maximum future earnings from the policies included in the Closed Block. Actual cumulative earnings, as required by U.S. GAAP, reflect the recognition of realized investment gains and losses in the current period, as well as changes in assets and related liabilities that support the Closed Block policies. If actual cumulative earnings in any given period are greater than the cumulative earnings we expected, we record this excess as a policyholder dividend obligation. Additionally, any accumulated net unrealized investment gains that have arisen subsequent to the establishment of the Closed Block are reflected as a policyholder dividend obligation, with a corresponding amount reported in AOCI, while any accumulated net unrealized investment losses are reflected as a reduction of the policyholder dividend obligation, to the extent the overall policyholder dividend obligation is otherwise positive. We will subsequently pay this excess to Closed Block policyholders as an additional dividend unless it is otherwise offset by future Closed Block performance that is less favorable than we originally expected. The policyholder dividends we charge to expense within the Closed Block division will include any change in our policyholder dividend obligation that we recognize for the excess of actual cumulative earnings in any given period over the cumulative earnings we expected in addition to the actual policyholder dividends declared by the Board of Directors of PICA. If actual cumulative earnings fall below expected cumulative earnings in future periods, earnings volatility in the Closed Block division, which is primarily due to changes in investment results, may not be offset by changes in the cumulative earnings policyholder dividend obligation. For a discussion of the Closed Block division’s realized investment gains (losses), net, see “—General Account Investments.” As of March 31, 2025, the excess of actual cumulative earnings over the expected cumulative earnings was $1,851 million, which was recorded as a policyholder dividend obligation. Actual cumulative earnings, as required by U.S. GAAP, reflect the recognition of realized investment gains and losses in the current period, as well as changes in assets and related liabilities that support the Closed Block policies. As of March 31, 2025, net unrealized investment losses have arisen subsequent to the establishment of the Closed Block due to the impacts of higher interest rates on the market value of fixed maturities . The impact of these net unrealized investment losses has been reflected as a decrease to the policyholder dividend obligation of $1,684 million at March 31, 2025, with a corresponding amount reported in AOCI. 118 Table of Contents Operating Results The following table sets forth the Closed Block division’s results for the periods indicated: Three Months Ended March 31, 2025 2024 (in millions) U.S. GAAP results: Revenues $ 820 $ 962 Benefits and expenses 842 965 Income (loss) before income taxes and equity in earnings of joint ventures and other operating entities $ (22) $ (3) Income (loss) Before Income Taxes and Equity in Earnings of Joint Ventures and Other Operating Entities Income (loss) before income taxes and equity in earnings of joint ventures and other operating entities decreased $19 million. Net investment activity results decreased, primarily reflecting lower other income driven by unfavorable changes in the market value of equity securities, and lower net investment income due to the of the portfolio, partially offset by lower realized investment losses from the sale of fixed income securities. As a result of these and other factors, a $245 million reduction in the policyholder dividend obligation was recorded in the first three months of 2025, compared to a $66 million reduction in the first three months of 2024. Revenues, Benefits and Expenses Revenues decreased $142 million primarily driven by a decrease in other income and net investment income, partially offset by lower realized investment losses, as discussed above. Benefits and expenses decreased $123 million primarily driven by a decrease in dividends to policyholders, reflecting a higher reduction in the policyholder dividend obligation due to changes in cumulative earnings and other factors, as discussed above. Income Taxes For information regarding income taxes, see Note 14 to the Unaudited Interim Consolidated Financial Statements. General Account Investments Portfolio Composition Our investment portfolio consists of public and private fixed maturity securities, commercial mortgage and other loans, policy loans and investments, which include equity securities and other invested assets such as limited partnerships and limited liability companies (“LPs/LLCs”), real estate held through direct ownership, derivative instruments and seed money investments in separate accounts. The composition of our general account reflects, within the discipline provided by our risk management approach, our need for competitive results and the selection of diverse investment alternatives available primarily through our PGIM segment. The size of our portfolio enables us to invest in asset classes that may be unavailable to the typical investor. A portion of our general account investments supports customer liabilities reinsured under coinsurance with funds withheld and modified coinsurance arrangements. With these reinsurance arrangements, we retain legal ownership of the assets (collectively, the “Funds Withheld”) which remain on our Unaudited Interim Consolidated Statements of Financial Position, while the economic benefits and investment risk associated with the Funds Withheld assets ultimately inure to the reinsurer. The composition of the Funds Withheld assets is subject to i

[truncated]