BETA Close X Prudential plc has announced that as of 30 June 2026, its total issued share capital consists of 2,511,004,470 ordinary shares of GBP 0.05 each, with each share carrying one vote. The company holds no treasury shares, meaning the total number of voting rights available to shareholders is 2,511,004,470. This figure serves as the denominator for shareholders to calculate their notification obligations regarding interests in Prudential under the Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rules. Disclaimer* Prudential PLC 30 June 2026 Prudential plc TOTAL VOTING RIGHTS AND ISSUED SHARE CAPITAL In accordance with the provisions of the Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rules issued by the UK Financial Conduct Authority, Prudential plc ("Prudential") notifies the market of the following: As at 30 June 2026, Prudential's issued share capital admitted to trading consists of 2,511,004,470 ordinary shares of GBP 0.05 each. Each ordinary share carries the right to one vote in all circumstances at general meetings of Prudential. Prudential does not hold any treasury shares. The total number of voting rights in Prudential is therefore 2,511,004,470 and this figure may be used by shareholders (and others with notification obligations) as the denominator for the calculations by which they will determine whether they are required to notify their interest in, or a change to their interest in, Prudential under the Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rules. Additional information About Prudential plc Prudential provides life and health insurance and asset management in Greater China, ASEAN, India and Africa. Prudential's mission is to be the most trusted partner and protector for this generation and generations to come, by providing simple and accessible financial and health solutions. The business has dual primary listings on the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong (HKEX: 2378) and the London Stock Exchange (LSE: PRU). It also has a secondary listing on the Singapore Stock Exchange (SGX: K6S) and a listing on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE: PUK) in the form of American Depositary Receipts. It is a constituent of the Hang Seng Composite Index and is also included for trading in the Shenzhen-Hong Kong Stock Connect programme and the Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock Connect programme. Prudential is not affiliated in any manner with Prudential Financial, Inc. a company whose principal place of business is in the United States of America, nor with The Prudential Assurance Company Limited, a subsidiary of M&G plc, a company incorporated in the United Kingdom. https://www.prudentialplc.com/ Contact: Sylvia Edwards, Deputy Group Secretary, +44 7920 702682 NOTE : Please send any major shareholding notifications required under the Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rules to the Prudential Secretariat ( secretariat@prudentialplc.com ) Date of notification 30 June 2026 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Prudential (PRU) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 day ago British American Tobacco 1 day ago Mitie Group 1 day ago Marks & Spencer Group 1 day ago Hammerson 1 day ago Reckitt Benckiser Group All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and