Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” included in the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed on February 12, 2026, and the Company’s other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The information in this Current Report on Form 8-K, including Exhibit 99.1, shall not be deemed “filed” for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section, and shall not be deemed incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing. Additional materials related to the segment reporting changes discussed herein are available on the Company’s Investor Relations website at www.investor.prudential.com. Investors and others should note that the Company routinely uses its Investor Relations website to post presentations to investors and other important information, including information that may be deemed material to investors. Accordingly, the Company encourages investors and others interested in the Company to review the information that it shares at www.investor.prudential.com. Interested parties may register to receive automatic email alerts when presentations and other information are posted to the Investor Relations website by clicking on “Subscribe to Email Alerts” at www.investor.prudential.com and following the instructions provided. Certain of the statements included in this report, including those regarding our estimated financial results for the first quarter of 2026 discussed herein, constitute statements within the meaning of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “expects”, “believes”, “anticipates”, “includes”, “plans”, “assumes”, “estimates”, “projects”, “intends”, “should”, “will”, “shall”, or variations of such words are generally part of statements. statements are made based on management’s current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects upon Prudential Financial, Inc. and its subsidiaries. Prudential Financial, Inc.’s actual results may differ, possibly materially, from expectations or estimates reflected in such statements. Certain important factors that could cause actual results to differ, possibly materially, from expectations or estimates reflected in such statements can be found in the “Risk Factors” and “ Statements” sections included in Prudential Financial, Inc.’s Annual Reports on Form 10-K and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q. Factors that could cause estimated financial results for the first quarter of 2026 presented herein to differ from our actual results include the discovery of new or additional information that impacts accounting estimates, management’s judgment or valuation methodologies underlying these estimated results, and the completion of our financial and other closing procedures and the preparation of our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. Prudential Financial, Inc. does not undertake to update any particular statement included in this presentation. (1) The Company analyzes the operating performance of each segment using “adjusted operating income.” Adjusted operating income does not equate to “Income (loss) before income taxes and equity in earnings of joint ventures and other operating entities” or “Net income (loss)” as determined in accordance with U.S. GAAP but is the measure of segment profit or loss used by the Company’s chief operating decision maker to evaluate segment performance and allocate resources. Adjusted operating income is calculated by adjusting each segment’s “Income (loss) before income taxes and equity in earnings of joint ventures and other operating entities” for the following items: realized investment gains (losses), net, and related charges and adjustments; change in value of market risk benefits, net of related hedging gains (losses); market experience updates; divested and businesses; equity in earnings of joint ventures and other operating entities and earnings attributable to noncontrolling interests and redeemable noncontrolling interests; and other adjustments. For more information about adjusted operating income, see the “Segment Information” Note to the Consolidated Financial Statements in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2025. Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits. (d) Exhibits. Exhibit No. Description 99.1 Revised Quarterly Financial Supplement (unaudited) for Prudential Financial, Inc. for fourth quarter 2025 (furnished and not filed). 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document). SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. Date: April 14, 2026 PRUDENTIAL FINANCIAL, INC. By: /s/ Robert E. Boyle Name: Robert E. Boyle Title: Senior Vice President and Principal Accounting Officer