BETA Close X Prudential plc announced on June 5, 2026, that Anil Wadhwani, CEO, was granted 419,318 ordinary shares under the Long Term Incentive Plan 2023, with a purchase price of nil and a closing price of HK$112 per share on the grant date of June 3, 2026. The award vests over three years and is subject to performance targets including New Business Profit, Gross Operating Free Surplus Generation, Return on Embedded Value, Total Shareholder Return, and specific capital and transition measures, with a clawback mechanism in place for exceptional circumstances. The maximum number of shares available for future grants under the scheme is 196,252,671. Disclaimer* Prudential PLC 05 June 2026 The following text is the text of an announcement released to the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited on 5 June 2026 pursuant to rule 17.06A of the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities (the "Listing Rules") on the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong. Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing Limited, The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited and the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited take no responsibility for the contents of this announcement, make no representation as to its accuracy or completeness and expressly disclaim any liability whatsoever for any loss howsoever arising from or in reliance upon the whole or any part of the contents of this announcement. GRANT OF SHARE AWARDS This announcement is made pursuant to Rule 17.06A of the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities (the "Listing Rules") on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited. Prudential plc ("Prudential") announces that on 3 June 2026, an award (the "Award") was granted over a total of 419,318 new ordinary shares of Prudential to Anil Wadhwani, a director and Chief Executive Officer of Prudential, under the Prudential Long Term Incentive Plan 2023 (the "PLTIP"). A summary is set out below: Date of grant : 3 June 2026 Number of shares under Award granted : 419,318 Purchase price of the Award granted : Nil Closing price of the shares on the date of grant : HK$ 112 per share Vesting period of the Award granted : The vesting period is three years from the date of grant. Performance targets and clawback mechanism : Performance Targets: The PLTIP has stretching performance conditions aligned to the strategic priorities of the Prudential Group. The performance period is 1 January 2026 - 31 December 2028. The conditions are summarised below, with confirmation of the threshold requirements, which result in 20% of the award element vesting: Performance Target Weighting Summary Description New Business Profit (NBP) 15% Cumulative NBP measures the value creation of writing new business and is a key metric to indicate growth. Threshold is US$9,630m. Gross Operating Free Surplus Generation (OFSG) 15% Cumulative Gross OFSG will be calculated as the operating free surplus generated within local businesses before the investment in new business and any central costs. Threshold is US$10,841m. Return on Embedded Value (RoEV) 15% A comprehensive performance measure for the Group, capturing both new business growth and the efficient management of in-force business. Threshold is 14.3%. Total Shareholder Return (TSR) 40% Measured on a ranked basis over three years relative to a peer group of 11 other insurance companies and banks. Threshold is a median ranking. GIECA Measure 5% Cumulative GIECA surplus generation. The threshold figure for this metric will be published in the Annual Report for the final year of the performance period. GWS Capital Measure 5% Cumulative GWS operating capital generation. The threshold figure for this metric will be published in the Annual Report for the final year of the performance period. Financing the Transition (FTT) 5% Cumulative committed/invested capital over the three-year performance period. Threshold is US$3.783bn. This element is subject to a Weighted Average Carbon Intensity reduction underpin which must be met before any part of the FTT element vests . Total 100% Clawback mechanism: Clawback may be applied where there are the following exceptional circumstances at any time before the fifth anniversary of the award date: · a material misstatement in the published results of any member of the Prudential group for any period during or after the performance period (or if no performance periods are applicable, the vesting period); · an error in the assessment of any applicable performance conditions or the determination of the number of shares subject to an award (or where such assessment was based on inaccurate or misleading information); · gross misconduct; · a breach by the participant of any restrictive covenants or other similar undertakings; · where the participant has caused a material financial loss for the Prudential group as a result of (i) reckless, negligent or wilful actions or omissions; or (ii) inappropriate values or behaviour; · where a member of the Prudential group is censured by a regulatory body or suffers significant reputational damage; and · insolvency or corporate failure. The Award has been approved by the independent non-executive directors of Prudential pursuant to Rule 17.04(1) of the Listing Rules. As at the date of this announcement, the maximum number of shares available for future grant under the scheme mandate of the plan and any other plans is 196,252,671. About Prudential plc Prudential provides life and health insurance and asset management in Greater China, ASEAN, India and Africa. Prudential ' s mission is to be the most trusted partner and protector for this generation and generations to come, by providing simple and accessible financial and health solutions. The business has dual primary listings on the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong (HKEX: 2378) and the London Stock Exchange (LSE: PRU). It also has a secondary listing on the Singapore Stock Exchange (SGX: K6S) and a listing on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE: PUK) in the form of American Depositary Receipts. It is a constituent of the Hang Seng Composite Index and is also included for trading in the Shenzhen-Hong Kong Stock Connect programme and the Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock Connect programme. Prudential is not affiliated in any manner with Prudential Financial, Inc. a company whose principal place of business is in the United States of America, nor with The Prudential Assurance Company Limited, a subsidiary of M&G plc, a company incorporated in the United Kingdom. www.prudentialplc.com This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Prudential (PRU) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 2 days ago British American Tobacco 2 days ago Mitie Group 2 days ago Marks & Spencer Group 2 days ago Hammerson 2 days ago Reckitt Benckiser Group All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and