BETA Close X Prudential plc announced that its subsidiary, Prudential Corporation Holdings Limited, intends to sell up to a 2.0 per cent stake in ICICI Prudential Asset Management Company Limited through an open market sale process on 27 August 2026. This sale aims to help ICICI Prudential Asset Management meet India's minimum public float requirement of 15 per cent within five years of its initial public offering. Following the sale, Prudential Corporation Holdings Limited will retain a 32.6 per cent stake, with its governance rights remaining unchanged. Disclaimer* Prudential PLC 26 August 2026 Prudential plc announces sale of up to a 2.0 per cent stake in ICICI Prudential Asset Management to support India public float requirements Hong Kong, 26 August 2026 - Prudential plc ("Prudential") announces that Prudential Corporation Holdings Limited ("PCHL", a subsidiary of Prudential) has informed ICICI Prudential Asset Management Company Limited ("IPAMC") today who has in turn informed the National Stock Exchange of India Limited and BSE Limited today of its intention to commence an open market sale process (the "Sale") in respect of up to a 2.0 per cent stake in IPAMC. The Sale is intended to support IPAMC as it progresses towards meeting India's minimum public float requirement of 15 per cent within five years of its initial public offering on 19 December 2025. The Sale is expected to be executed on 27 August 2026. After the Sale, PCHL will retain a 32.6 per cent stake in IPAMC and PCHL's governance rights in IPAMC remain unchanged. END Contact Media Investors/analysts Sonia Tsang + 852 5580 7525 HK Patrick Bowes +852 2918 5468 HK Janice Wong +852 6188 6381 HK William Elderkin +44 2039 779215 UK Stephanie Yu +852 5275 5360 HK Ming Hau +44 2039 779293 UK Bosco Cheung +852 2918 5499 HK Tianjiao Yu +852 2918 5487 HK About Prudential plc Prudential provides life and health insurance and asset management in Greater China, ASEAN, India and Africa. Prudential's mission is to be the most trusted partner and protector for this generation and generations to come, by providing simple and accessible financial and health solutions. The business has dual primary listings on the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong (HKEX: 2378) and the London Stock Exchange (LSE: PRU). It also has a secondary listing on the Singapore Stock Exchange (SGX: K6S) and a listing on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE: PUK) in the form of American Depositary Receipts. It is a constituent of the Hang Seng Composite Index and is also included for trading in the Shenzhen-Hong Kong Stock Connect programme and the Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock Connect programme. Prudential is not affiliated in any manner with Prudential Financial, Inc. a company whose principal place of business is in the United States of America, nor with The Prudential Assurance Company Limited, a subsidiary of M&G plc, a company incorporated in the United Kingdom. www.prudentialplc.com This announcement is not for publication or distribution, directly or indirectly, in or into the United States of America. This announcement is not an offer of securities for sale into the United States. The securities referred to herein have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and may not be offered or sold in the United States, except pursuant to an applicable exemption from registration. No public offering of securities is being made in the United States. This information is provided by Reach, the non-regulatory press release distribution service of RNS, part of the London Stock Exchange. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Prudential (PRU) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 2 days ago British American Tobacco 2 days ago Mitie Group 2 days ago Marks & Spencer Group 2 days ago Hammerson 2 days ago Reckitt Benckiser Group All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and