Disclaimer* Prudential PLC 05 October 2026 The following text is the text of an announcement released to The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited on 5 October 2026 pursuant to rule 17.06A of the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities (the "Listing Rules") on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong. Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing Limited, The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited and the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited take no responsibility for the contents of this announcement, make no representation as to its accuracy or completeness and expressly disclaim any liability whatsoever for any loss howsoever arising from or in reliance upon the whole or any part of the contents of this announcement. GRANT OF SHARE OPTIONS This announcement is made pursuant to Rule 17.06A of the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “ Listing Rules ”). Prudential plc (“ Prudential ”) announces that on 2 October 2026, options were granted over a total of 10,155 new ordinary shares (the “ Options ”) to certain eligible employees under the Prudential Sharesave Plan 2023 (the “ Sharesave 2023 ”) which was approved at the annual general meeting on 25 May 2023. A summary is set out below: Date of grant : 2 October 2026 Number of Options granted : 10,155 Exercise price of the Options granted : GBP 8.07 per share, representing not less than 80% of the market value of the shares Closing price of the shares on the date of grant : GBP 9.18 per share Exercise period of the Options granted : The Options are exercisable during the respective maturity periods, 1 December 2029 to 31 May 2030 or 1 December 2031 to 31 May 2032 Vesting period of the Options granted : The vesting period is 3 or 5 years from the date of grant. In the case of a participant being designated as a good leaver, the participant shall be entitled to exercise their options after leaving and those options may be allowed to vest early. The Remuneration Committee is of the view that this concession to exercise post leaving and/or to allow early vesting is in the best interests of Prudential and aligns with the purpose of the plan to incentivise, reward and retain employees. Performance targets and clawback mechanism : The Sharesave 2023 is a broad-based plan (in a form approved by the UK tax authorities) intended to promote share ownership in Prudential’s wider workforce. The number of shares participants may acquire is restricted by the amount of savings they make under the plan. The maximum amount of savings that a participant can make is in turn capped by the UK legislation governing the plan. The Remuneration Committee therefore considers it inappropriate to apply performance conditions or malus and clawback provisions to awards granted under the plan, the use of which, in any event, is restricted by the legislation governing the plan. The Options were granted to the following category of grantees: Number of Options granted Employees 14 Total 14 None of the grantees of the Options is a director, chief executive or substantial shareholder of Prudential, nor an associate (as defined in the Listing Rules) of any of them. As at the date of this announcement, the maximum number of shares available for future grants under the scheme mandate of the above plans and any other plans of Prudential is 192,014,621. About Prudential plc Prudential provides life and health insurance and asset management in Greater China, ASEAN, India and Africa. Prudential’s mission is to be the most trusted partner and protector for this generation and generations to come, by providing simple and accessible financial and health solutions. The business has dual primary listings on the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong (HKEX: 2378) and the London Stock Exchange (LSE: PRU). It also has a secondary listing on the Singapore Stock Exchange (SGX: K6S) and a listing on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE: PUK) in the form of American Depositary Receipts. It is a constituent of the Hang Seng Composite Index and is also included for trading in the Shenzhen-Hong Kong Stock Connect programme and the Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock Connect programme. Prudential is not affiliated in any manner with Prudential Financial, Inc. a company whose principal place of business is in the United States of America, nor with The Prudential Assurance Company Limited, a subsidiary of M&G plc, a company incorporated in the United Kingdom. www.prudentialplc.com This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Prudential (PRU) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 11 minutes ago On The Beach Group 1 hour ago Canal+ SA 2 hours ago Galliford Try 2 hours ago SSE 2 hours ago British Land Company All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Investor Meet Company Ltd Privacy and