Consolidated income (loss) before income taxes and equity in earnings of joint ventures and other operating entities $ 3,209 $ 3,072 $ (1,892) __________ (1) The amount for 2023 reflects the correction of an error related to indexed variable and fixed annuity products within the Retirement Strategies segment. See “—Overview” above for additional information. (2) Prior period amounts have been updated to conform to current period presentation. (3) See “ — General Account Investments” and Note 23 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. (4) Represents the contribution to income (loss) of Divested and Businesses that have been or will be sold or exited, including businesses that have been placed in , but did not qualify for “discontinued operations” accounting treatment under U.S. GAAP. See “—Divested and Businesses” for additional information. (5) Includes goodwill impairments of $177 million and $903 million recorded in the fourth quarters of 2023 and 2022, respectively, related to Assurance IQ. See Note 2 and Note 10 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. (6) Equity in earnings of joint ventures and other operating entities is included in adjusted operating income but excluded from “Income (loss) before income taxes and equity in earnings of joint ventures and other operating entities” as it is reflected on an U.S. GAAP basis as a separate line in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. Earnings attributable to noncontrolling interests are excluded from adjusted operating income but included in “Income (loss) before income taxes and equity in earnings of joint ventures and other operating entities” as they are reflected on a U.S. GAAP basis as a separate line in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. Earnings attributable to noncontrolling interests represent the portion of earnings from consolidated entities that relates to the equity interests of minority investors. (7) Includes certain components of consideration for business acquisitions, which are recognized as compensation expense over the requisite service periods. Segment results for 2024 presented above reflect the following: 58 Table of Contents PGIM. Results for 2024 increased in comparison to 2023, primarily reflecting higher net asset management fees and net other related revenues, partially offset by higher expenses. Retirement Strategies. Results for 2024 increased in comparison to 2023, inclusive of a favorable comparative net imp act from our annual reviews and update of assumptions and other refinements. Excluding this item, results decreased, primarily driven by higher expenses and lower net fee income, partially offset by higher net investment spread results. Group Insurance. Results for 2024 decreased in comparison to 2023, inclusive of a less favorable comparative net impact from our annual reviews and update of assumptions and other refinements. Excluding this item, results increased, primarily driven by higher underwriting results and higher net investment spread results, partially offset by higher expenses. Individual Life. Results for 2024 decreased in comparison to 2023, inclusive of an unfavorable comparative net impact from our annual reviews and update of assumptions and other refinements. Excluding this item, results decreased, primarily driven by higher expenses, including costs associated with the recent guaranteed universal life reinsurance transactions as well as from the consolidation of our internal captive reinsurance arrangements, partially offset by the ongoing favorable impacts from these reinsurance transactions. International Businesses. Results for 2024 decreased in comparison to 2023, inclusive of an unfavorable net impact from foreign currency exchange rates and an unfavorable comparative net impact from our annual reviews and update of assumptions and other refinements. Excluding these items, results increased, primarily driven by higher net investment spread results and higher earnings from joint ventures and other operating entities, partially offset by lower underwriting results. Corporate and Other. Results for 2024 reflected decreased losses in comparison to 2023, primarily driven by lower net charges from other corporate activities. Closed Block Division. Results for 2024 decreased in comparison to 2023, primarily driven by lower net investment activity results, partially offset by a reduction in the policyholder dividend obligation. Segment Measures Adjusted Operating Income. In managing our business, we analyze the operating performance of our segments and our Corporate and Other operations using “adjusted operating income.” Adjusted operating income does not equate to “Income (loss) before income taxes and equity in earnings of joint ventures and other operating entities” or “Net income (loss)” as determined in accordance with U.S. GAAP but is the measure of segment profit or loss we use to evaluate segment performance and allocate resources and, consistent with authoritative guidance, is our measure of segment performance. The adjustments to derive adjusted operating income are important to an understanding of our overall results of operations. Adjusted operating income is not a substitute for income determined in accordance with U.S. GAAP, and our definition of adjusted operating income may differ from that used by other companies; however, we believe that the presentation of adjusted operating income as we measure it for management purposes enhances the understanding of our results of operations by highlighting the results from ongoing operations and the underlying profitability of our businesses. See Note 23 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding the presentation of segment results and our definition of adjusted operating income. Annualized New Business Premiums. In managing our Individual Life, Group Insurance and International Businesses segments, we analyze annualized new business premiums, which do not correspond to revenues under U.S. GAAP. Annualized new business premiums measure the current sales performance of the business, while revenues primarily reflect the renewal persistency of policies written in prior years and net investment income, in addition to current sales. Annualized new business premiums include 10% of first year premiums or deposits from products in our Individual Life and International Businesses segments. No other adjustments are made for contracts. The amount of annualized new business premiums for any given period can be significantly impacted by several factors, including but not limited to: addition of new products, discontinuation of existing products, changes in credited interest rates for certain products and other product modifications, changes in premium rates, changes in tax laws, changes in regulations or changes in the competitive environment. Sales volume may increase or decrease prior to certain of these changes becoming effective, and then fluctuate in the other direction following such changes. Assets Under Management. In managing our PGIM segment, we analyze assets under management (which do not correspond directly to U.S. GAAP assets) because the principal source of revenues is fees based on assets under management. 59 Table of Contents Assets under management represent the fair market value or account value of assets that we manage directly for institutional clients, retail clients, and for our general account, as well as assets invested in our products that are managed by managers. Account Values. In managing our Retirement Strategies segment, we analyze account values, which do not correspond directly to U.S. GAAP assets. Net additions (withdrawals) in our Institutional Retirement Strategies business and sales (redemptions) in our Individual Retirement Strategies business do not correspond to revenues under U.S. GAAP but are used as a relevant measure of business activity. Impact of Foreign Currency Exchange Rates Foreign currency exchange rate movements and related hedging strategies As a U.S.-based company with significant business operations outside the U.S., particularly in Japan, we are subject to foreign currency exchange rate movements that could impact our shareholder return on equity. We seek to mitigate this impact through various hedging strategies, including holding assets in certain of our foreign subsidiaries. In order to reduce equity volatility from foreign currency exchange rate movements, we primarily utilize a yen hedging strategy that calibrates the hedge level to preserve the relative contribution of our business to the Company’s overall return on equity on a leverage neutral basis. We implement this hedging strategy utilizing a variety of instruments, including assets and dual currency and synthetic dual currency investments held locally in our Japanese insurance subsidiaries. The total hedge level may vary based on our periodic assessment of the relative contribution of our business to the Company’s overall return on equity. The table below presents the aggregate amount of instruments that serve to hedge the impact of foreign currency exchange movements on our shareholder return on equity from our Japanese insurance subsidiaries as of the dates indicated. December 31, 2024 2023 (in billions) Foreign currency hedging instruments: assets associated with entities(1) $ 6.1 $ 7.2 Dual currency and synthetic dual currency investments(2) 0.3 0.3 Total foreign currency hedges $ 6.4 $ 7.5 __________ (1) Includes fixed maturities at amortized cost plus any related accrued investment income, as well as USD notional amount of foreign currency derivative contracts outstanding. Note this amount represents only those USD assets serving to hedge the impact of foreign currency volatility on equity. Separate from this program, our Japanese operations also have $83.2 billion and $80.0 billion as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively, of assets supporting liabilities related to products. (2) Dual currency and synthetic dual currency investments are held by our entities in the form of fixed maturities and loans with a principal component and interest income. The amounts shown represent the present value of future cash flows. The investments that hedge the impact of foreign currency exchange rate movements on shareholder return on equity from our Japanese insurance operations are reported within entities and, as a result, foreign currency exchange rate movements will impact their value reported within our Japanese insurance entities. We seek to mitigate the risk that future unfavorable foreign currency exchange rate movements will decrease the value of these investments reported within our Japanese insurance entities, and therefore negatively impact their equity and regulatory solvency margins, by having our Japanese insurance operations enter into currency hedging transactions with a subsidiary of Prudential Financial. These hedging strategies have the economic effect of moving the change in value of these investments due to foreign currency exchange rate movements from our Japanese entities to our entities. These investments also pay a coupon which is generally higher than what a similar investment would pay. The incremental impact of this higher yield on our investments, as well as our dual currency and synthetic dual currency investments, will vary over time, and is dependent on the duration of the underlying investments as well as interest rate environments in both the U.S. and Japan at the time of the investments. 60 Table of Contents Impact of intercompany foreign currency exchange rate arrangements on segment results of operations The financial results of our International Businesses and PGIM reflect the impact of intercompany arrangements with our Corporate and Other operations pursuant to which these segments’ earnings are translated at fixed currency exchange rates that are predetermined during the third quarter of the prior year using forward currency exchange rates. Results of our Corporate and Other operations include differences between the translation adjustments recorded by the segments at the fixed currency exchange rate versus the actual average rate during the period. In addition, specific to our International Businesses where we hedge certain currencies utilizing forward currency contracts with third parties, the results of our Corporate and Other operations also include the impact of any gains or losses recorded from these contracts that settled during the period, which include the impact of any over or under hedging of actual earnings that differ from projected earnings. The table below presents, for the periods indicated, the increase (decrease) to revenues and adjusted operating income for our International Businesses, PGIM and Corporate and Other operations, reflecting the impact of these intercompany arrangements. Year Ended December 31, 2024 2023 2022 (in millions) Segment impacts of intercompany arrangements: International Businesses $ (8) $ (28) $ (57) PGIM 3 1 11 Impact of intercompany arrangements(1) (5) (27) (46) Corporate and Other: Impact of intercompany arrangements(1) 5 27 46 Settlement gains (losses) on forward currency contracts(2) (11) (31) 21 Net benefit (detriment) to Corporate and Other (6) (4) 67 Net impact on consolidated revenues and adjusted operating income $ (11) $ (31) $ 21 __________ (1) Represents the difference between earnings translated on the basis of weighted average monthly currency exchange rates versus fixed currency exchange rates determined in connection with the foreign currency income hedging program. (2) As of December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022, the total notional amounts of these forward currency contracts within our Corporate and Other operations were $0.8 billion, $0.8 billion and $0.7 billion, respectively. Impact of products denominated in currencies on U.S. GAAP earnings While our international insurance operations offer products denominated in local currency, several also offer products denominated in currencies. This is most notable in our Japanese operations, which currently offer primarily products, but have also historically offered Australian dollar (“AUD”)-denominated products. The insurance liabilities related to these products are supported by investments denominated in corresponding currencies, including a significant portion designated as . While the impact from foreign currency exchange rate movements on these assets and liabilities is economically matched, differences in the accounting for changes in the value of these assets and liabilities due to changes in foreign currency exchange rate movements have historically resulted in volatility in U.S. GAAP earnings. As a result, we implemented a structure in Gibraltar Life’s operations that disaggregated the USD- and businesses into separate divisions, each with its own functional currency that aligns with the underlying products and investments. The result of this alignment was to reduce differences in the accounting for changes in the value of these assets and liabilities that arise due to changes in foreign currency exchange rate movements. For the USD- and assets that were transferred under this structure, the net cumulative unrealized investment gains associated with foreign exchange remeasurement that were recorded in “Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)” (“AOCI”) totaled $1.1 billion and $1.4 billion as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and will be recognized in earnings within “Realized investment gains (losses), net” over time as these assets mature or are sold. Absent the sale of any of these assets prior to their stated maturity, approximately 3% of the $1.1 billion balance as of December 31, 2024 will be recognized in 2025, approximately 5% will be recognized in 2026, and the remaining balance will be recognized from 2027 through 2051. 61 Table of Contents Highly inflationary economies Our former insurance operations in Argentina, Prudential of Argentina (“POA”), historically utilized the Argentine peso as its functional currency given it is the currency of the primary economic environment in which the entity operated. During 2018, Argentina experienced a cumulative inflation rate that exceeded 100% over a 3-year period. As a result, Argentina’s economy was deemed to be highly inflationary, resulting in reporting changes effective July 1, 2018. Under U.S. GAAP, the financial statements of a foreign entity in a highly inflationary economy are to be remeasured as if its functional currency (formerly the Argentine peso) is the reporting currency of its parent reporting entity (the USD) on a prospective basis. While this changed how the results of POA were remeasured and/or translated into USD, the impact to our financial statements was not material given the relative size of those operations. As discussed further in “—International Businesses” below, in March 2024, the Company entered into a definitive agreement to sell POA and transferred these operations into the Divested and Businesses that are included within our Corporate and Other operations. The transaction was completed in May 2024. Enterprise Group, our strategic investment in Ghana, has historically utilized the Ghanaian cedi as its functional currency given it is the currency of the primary economic environment in which the entity operates. In the fourth quarter of 2023, Ghana experienced a cumulative inflation rate that exceeded 100% over a 3-year period. As a result, Ghana’s economy was deemed to be highly inflationary, which requires the results of our investment in Enterprise Group to be remeasured in USD, effective January 1, 2024, as per the U.S. GAAP requirements described above. The impact to our financial statements was not material nor is it expected to have a material impact to our financial statements in future periods given the relative size of the investment. Accounting Policies & Pronouncements Application of Critical Accounting Estimates The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires the application of accounting policies that often involve a significant degree of judgment. Management, on an ongoing basis, reviews the estimates and assumptions used in the preparation of the Company’s financial statements. If management determines that modifications to assumptions and estimates are appropriate given current facts and circumstances, the Company’s results of operations and financial position as reported in the Consolidated Financial Statements could change significantly. The following sections discuss the accounting policies applied in preparing our financial statements that management believes are most dependent on the application of estimates and assumptions and require management’s most difficult, subjective, or complex judgments. Insurance Liabilities Future Policy Benefits Future Policy Benefit Reserves, including Unpaid Claims and Claim Adjustment Expenses We establish reserves for future policy benefits to, or on behalf of, policyholders using methodologies prescribed by U.S. GAAP. The reserving methodologies used include the following: • For most contracts, we utilize a net premium valuation methodology in measuring the liability for future policy benefits. Under this methodology, the Company accrues a liability for future policy benefits when premium revenue is recognized. The liability is based on the present value of expected future benefits to be paid to or on behalf of policyholders and related claim settlement expenses less the present value of expected future net premiums (portion of the gross premium required to provide for all benefits and related claim settlement expenses using current best estimate assumptions). A (“NTG”) ratio is calculated as the ratio of the present value of expected policy benefits and claim settlement expenses divided by the present value of expected gross premiums. The NTG ratio is applied to gross premiums, as premium revenue is recognized, to determine net premiums that are subtracted from the present value of expected benefits and claim settlement expenses to determine the liability for future policy benefits, which cannot be less than zero. The NTG ratio at the cohort measurement unit level cannot exceed 100%, and if it exceeds 100%, the excess benefit expenses are recorded as a charge to current period earnings. The result of the net premium valuation methodology is that the liability at any point in time represents an accumulation of the portion of premiums received to date expected to fund future benefits (i.e., net premiums received to date), less any benefits and expenses already paid. The liability does not necessarily reflect the full policyholder obligation the Company expects to pay at the conclusion of the contract since a portion of that obligation would be funded by net premiums received in the future and would be recognized in the liability at that time. The insurance cash 62 Table of Contents flow assumptions are updated quarterly to reflect actual experience and are generally updated annually to reflect changes in best estimate future insurance cash flow assumptions using a retrospective unlocking method with the impact recorded through current period earnings. At the time of an experience or best estimate assumption unlocking, a revised NTG ratio is calculated using actual historical cash flow experience and updated, if any, best estimate future cash flow assumptions, discounted using the discount rate. The revised NTG ratio is then applied to prior period cash flows to derive a cumulative adjustment as of the beginning of the quarter. The revised NTG ratio is then used going forward to accrue the reserve, until the next unlocking. The liability is also remeasured each quarter using a current discount rate, based on an grade instrument yield, with the impact recorded through accumulated other comprehensive income. Expense assumptions included in the liability only include claim related expenses and exclude acquisition costs and related costs such as costs relating to investments, general administration, policy maintenance, product development, market research, and general overhead. • For contracts, in addition to the liability calculated using the net premium valuation method described above, a deferred profit liability (“DPL”) is established for the amount of gross premiums received in excess of expected net premiums and is amortized into premium income in relation to the discounted amount of insurance in force for life insurance or expected benefit payments for annuity contracts. The DPL is subject to a retrospective unlocking adjustment consistent with the liability for future policy benefits. • For certain contract features, such as guarantees, a liability is established when associated assessments (which include investment margin on policyholders’ account balances deposited to fixed and indexed funds and policy charges for administration, mortality, expense, surrender, and other charges) are recognized. This liability is established using current best estimate assumptions and is based on the ratio of the present value of total expected excess payments (e.g., payments in excess of account value) over the life of the contract divided by the present value of total expected assessments (i.e., benefit ratio). The liability equals the current benefit ratio multiplied by cumulative assessments recognized to date, plus interest, less cumulative excess payments to date. The liability does not necessarily reflect the full policyholder obligation the Company expects to pay at the conclusion of the contract since a portion of that excess payment would be funded by assessments received in the future and would be recognized in the liability at that time. The reserves are subject to adjustments based on annual reviews of assumptions and quarterly adjustments for experience as described below, including market performance. These adjustments reflect the impact on the benefit ratio of using actual historical experience from the issuance date to the balance sheet date plus updated estimates of future experience. The updated benefit ratio is then applied to all prior periods’ assessments to derive an adjustment to the reserve recognized through a benefit or charge to current period earnings. • For universal life type contracts and participating contracts, the Company performs premium deficiency tests using best estimate assumptions, at a minimum, on an annual basis, and on a quarterly basis for business whose profitability is closely tied to equity market performance. If the current net reserves are less than the best estimate liability, the existing net reserves are adjusted by first reducing the associated deferred sales inducements (“DSI”) or value of business acquired (“VOBA”) by the amount of the deficiency or to zero through a charge to current period earnings. If the deficiency is more than the DSI or VOBA for insurance contracts, the net reserves are increased by the excess through a charge to current period earnings. Since investment yields are used as the discount rate, the premium deficiency test is also performed using a discount rate based on the market yield (i.e., assuming what would be the impact if any unrealized gains (losses) were realized as of the testing date). In the event that by using the market yield a deficiency occurs, an adjustment is established for the deficiency and is included in AOCI. Annual assumptions review and quarterly adjustments The assumptions used in establishing reserves are generally based on the Company’s experience, industry experience and/or other factors, as applicable. We update our actuarial assumptions, such as mortality, morbidity, retirement and policyholder behavior assumptions, annually unless a material change in our own experience or in industry experience made available to us is observed in an interim period that we feel is indicative of a trend. Generally, we do not expect trends to change significantly in the and, to the extent these trends may change, we expect such changes to be gradual over the long term. We perform an annual comprehensive review of the assumptions used for estimating future premiums, benefits, and other cash flows, including reviews related to mortality, morbidity, lapse, surrender, and other contractholder behavior assumptions, and economic assumptions, including expected future rates of returns on investments. The Company generally looks to relevant Company experience as the primary basis for these assumptions. If relevant Company experience is not available or does not have sufficient credibility, the Company may look to experience of similar blocks of business, either elsewhere within the Company or within the industry. As part of this review, we may update these assumptions and make refinements to our models 63 Table of Contents based upon emerging experience, future expectations and other data, including any observable market data we feel is indicative of a trend. The impact on our results from operations of changes in these assumptions can be offsetting and we are unable to predict their movement or impact over time. The quarterly adjustments for market performance referred to above reflect the impact of changes to our estimate of future rates of returns on investments to reflect actual fund performance and market conditions. A portion of returns on investments for our variable life contracts are dependent upon the total rate of return on assets held in separate account investment options. This rate of return influences the fees we earn and expected claims to be paid on variable life contracts, as well as other sources of profit. Returns that are higher than our expectations for a given period produce higher than expected account balances, which increase the future fees we expect to earn on variable life contracts and decrease expected claims to be paid on variable life contracts. The opposite occurs when returns are lower than our expectations. The weighted average rate of return assumptions used in developing estimated market returns consider many factors specific to each product type, including asset durations, asset allocations and other factors. With regard to equity market assumptions, the future rate of return assumption used in evaluating liabilities for future policy benefits for certain of our products, primarily our domestic and international variable life insurance products, is generally updated each quarter and is derived using a reversion to the mean approach, a common industry practice. Under this approach, we consider historical equity returns and adjust projected equity returns over an initial future period of five years (the “ ”) so that equity returns converge to the expected rate of return. If the projected future rate of return is greater than our maximum future rate of return of 15.0%, we use our maximum future rate of return. If the projected future rate of return is lower than our minimum future rate of return of 0%, we use our minimum future rate of return. As of December 31, 2024, our domestic variable life insurance businesses assume an 8.0% equity expected rate of return and a 2.9% mean reversion equity expected rate of return, and our international variable life insurance business assumes a 5.0% equity expected rate of return and a 0.2% mean reversion equity expected rate of return. With regard to interest rate assumptions used in evaluating liabilities for future policy benefits for certain of our products, we update the and future rates used to project fixed income returns annually and quarterly, respectively. As a result of our 2024 annual reviews and update of assumptions and other refinements, we increased our expectation of both the 10-year U.S. Treasury rate and 10-year Japanese Government Bond yield by 25 basis points, and now grade to rates of 3.50% and 1.25%, respectively, over ten years. As part of our quarterly market experience updates, we update our projections of interest rates to reflect changes in current rates. For additional information regarding discount rates used to establish the liability for future policy benefits, see Note 2 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. The following paragraphs provide additional details about the reserves we have established: International Businesses. The reserves for future policy benefits of our International Businesses, which as of December 31, 2024, represented 37% of our total future policy benefit reserves, primarily relate to whole life and term life products and endowment contracts, and are generally calculated using the net premium valuation methodology, as described above. The primary assumptions used in determining expected future benefits and expenses include mortality, lapse, morbidity, and interest rate assumptions. Reserves also include claims reported but not yet paid, and claims incurred but not yet reported. In addition, future policy benefit reserves for certain contracts also include amounts related to our deferred profit liability, as described above. Institutional Retirement Strategies. The reserves for future policy benefits of our Institutional Retirement Strategies segment, which as of December 31, 2024, represented 32% of our total future policy benefit reserves, primarily relate to our life contingent group annuity and structured settlement products and are generally calculated using the net premium valuation methodology, as described above. The primary assumptions used in establishing these reserves include mortality, retirement, and interest rate assumptions. In addition, future policy benefit reserves for certain contracts also include amounts related to our deferred profit liability, as described above. Individual Retirement Strategies. The reserves for future policy benefits of our Individual Retirement Strategies segment, which as of December 31, 2024, represented less than 1% of our total future policy benefit reserves, primarily relate to reserves for life contingent payout annuity contracts for which a deferred profit liability is established for the amount of gross premiums received in excess of net premiums, and are generally calculated using the net premium valuation methodology. The primary assumptions used in determining expected future benefits and expenses include mortality and interest rate assumptions . Individual Life. The reserves for future policy benefits of our Individual Life segment, which as of December 31, 2024, represented 10% of our total future policy benefit reserves, primarily relate to term life and universal life products. For term life contracts, the future policy benefit reserves are generally calculated using the net premium valuation methodology, as described 64 Table of Contents above. The primary assumptions used in determining expected future benefits and expenses include mortality, lapse, and interest rate assumptions. For universal life products, which include universal life contracts that contain guarantees, reserves for future policy benefits are established using current best estimate assumptions and are based on the benefit ratio, as described above. The primary assumptions used in establishing these reserves generally include mortality, lapse, and premium pattern, as well as interest rate and equity market return assumptions. Reserves also include claims reported but not yet paid, and claims incurred but not yet reported. Group Insurance. The reserves for future policy benefits of our Group Insurance segment, which as of December 31, 2024, represented 2% of our total future policy benefit reserves, primarily relate to reserves for group life and disability benefits. For contracts, a liability is established when the claim is incurred. The reserves for group life and disability benefits also include a liability for unpaid claims and claim adjustment expenses, which relates primarily to the group disability product. This liability represents our estimate of the present value of future disability claim payments and expenses as well as estimates of claims that have been incurred, but have not yet been reported, as of the balance sheet date. The primary assumptions used in determining expected future claim payments are claim termination factors, an assumed interest rate and expected Social Security offsets. The remaining reserves for future policy benefits for group life and disability benefits relate primarily to our group life business, and include reserves for waiver of premium, claims reported but not yet paid, and claims incurred but not yet reported. The waiver of premium reserve is calculated as the present value of future benefits and utilizes assumptions such as expected mortality and recovery rates. The reserve for claims reported but not yet paid is based on the inventory of claims that have been reported but not yet paid. The reserve for claims incurred but not yet reported is estimated using expected patterns of claims reporting. Corporate and Other. The reserves for future policy benefits of our Corporate and Other operations, which as of December 31, 2024, represented 3% of our total future policy benefit reserves, primarily relate to our care products and are generally calculated using the net premium valuation methodology, as described above. The primary assumptions used in establishing these reserves include morbidity, mortality, mortality improvement, persistency, premium rate increases, inflation, and interest rate assumptions. Closed Block Division. The future policy benefit reserves for the traditional participating life insurance products of the Closed Block division, which as of December 31, 2024, represented 16% of our total future policy benefit reserves are determined using the net premium valuation methodology. In applying this method, we use mortality assumptions to determine our expected future benefits and expected future premiums, and apply an interest rate to determine the present value of both of these amounts. The mortality assumptions are based on standard industry mortality tables that were used to determine the cash surrender value of the policies, and the interest rates used are the interest rates used to calculate the cash surrender value of the policies. Policyholders’ Account Balances Policyholders’ account balances liability represents the contract value that has accrued to the benefit of the policyholder as of the balance sheet date. This liability is primarily associated with the accumulated account deposits, plus interest credited, less policyholder withdrawals and other charges assessed against the account balance, as applicable. Policyholders’ account balances also include amounts representing the fair value of embedded derivative instruments associated with the features of certain universal life and annuity products. The changes in the fair value of the embedded derivatives, including changes in risk (“NPR”), are recorded in net income. For additional information regarding the valuation of these embedded derivatives, see Note 6 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. Market Risk Benefits (“MRBs”) Market risk benefit liabilities (or assets) represent contracts or contract features that provide protection to the contractholder and expose the Company to other than nominal capital market risk. MRBs are primarily related to deferred annuities with guaranteed minimum benefits in the Individual Retirement Strategies segment including guaranteed minimum death benefits (“GMDB”), guaranteed minimum income benefits (“GMIB”), guaranteed minimum accumulation benefits (“GMAB”), guaranteed minimum withdrawal benefits (“GMWB”) and guaranteed minimum income and withdrawal benefits (“GMIWB”). The liability (or asset) for MRBs is estimated using a fair value measurement methodology. The fair value of these MRBs is based on assumptions a market participant would use in valuing market risk benefits. On a quarterly basis, the fair value of these MRBs is calculated as the present value of expected future benefit payments to contractholders less the present value of expected future rider fees attributable to the market risk benefits. The changes in the fair value of market risk benefits are recorded in net income, net of related hedges, in “Change in value of market risk benefits, net of related hedging gains (losses),” except for the portion of the change attributable to changes in the Company’s own NPR which is recorded in other comprehensive income (“OCI”). The Company estimates that a hypothetical change to its own credit risk of plus 50 and 65 Table of Contents minus 50 basis points (“bps”) would result in an increase and a decrease to OCI of $650 million and $700 million, respectively. For additional information regarding the valuation of MRBs, see Note 6 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. Sensitivities for Insurance Assets and Liabilities The following table summarizes the aggregate impact that could result on each of the listed financial statement balances from changes in certain key assumptions. The figures below are presented in aggregate for the Company. The information below is for illustrative purposes and includes only the hypothetical impact on December 31, 2024 balances of changes in a single assumption and not changes in any combination of assumptions. Additionally, the illustration of the insurance assumption impacts below reflects a parallel shift in the insurance assumptions across the Company; however, these may be in practice and only applicable to specific businesses. Changes in current assumptions could result in impacts to financial statement balances that are in excess of the amounts illustrated. A description of the estimates and assumptions used in the preparation of each of these financial statement balances is provided above. Changes to the insurance cash flow assumptions are reflected in net income through the retrospective unlocking method for traditional long duration, and universal life type products. The impacts presented within this table exclude the impacts of our asset liability management strategy, which seeks to offset the changes in the balances presented within this table and is primarily composed of investments and derivatives. See further below for a discussion of the estimates and assumptions involved with the application of U.S. GAAP accounting policies for these instruments and “Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk” for hypothetical impacts on related balances as a result of changes in certain significant assumptions. The impacts presented within this table are also net of reinsurance, including the impacts from the recently completed transactions with Somerset Reinsurance Ltd. (“Somerset Re”) and Wilton Reassurance Company and Wilton Reinsurance Bermuda Limited (collectively, “Wilton Re”). See Note 15 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding these reinsurance agreements. Increase (Decrease) in Net Income due to changes in Future Policy Benefits, Market Risk Benefits(1), and Policyholders' Account Balances, Net of Reinsurance (in millions) Hypothetical change in current assumptions: interest rate: Increase by 25 bps $ 10 Decrease by 25 bps $ (10) equity expected rate of return: Increase by 50 bps $ 15 Decrease by 50 bps $ (15) Mortality: Increase by 1% $ 95 Decrease by 1% $ (95) Lapse(2): Increase by 10% $ 200 Decrease by 10% $ (185) care disability claim incidence: Increase by 5% $ (80) Decrease by 5% $ 85 __________ (1) “Market risk benefits” reflects the net impact of market risk benefit assets and liabilities prior to hedging. (2) Assumes the same shock across all products; however, we would not expect lapse rates of different products to move uniformly. 66 Table of Contents Other Accounting Policies Goodwill As of December 31, 2024, our goodwill balance of $1,053 million is primarily reflected in the following reporting units: $946 million for PGIM and $96 million for Gibraltar Life and Other. We test goodwill for impairment on an annual basis as of December 31 and more frequently if events or circumstances indicate the potential for impairment is more likely than not. The goodwill impairment analysis is performed at the reporting unit level, which is the same as, or one level below, our operating segments. Although the accounting guidance provides for an optional qualitative assessment for testing goodwill impairment, the Company performed the quantitative test for all reporting units and compared each reporting unit’s estimated fair value to its carrying value as of December 31, 2024. The carrying value represents the capital that the business would require if operating as a standalone entity. The fair value of PGIM as of December 31, 2024 was estimated by utilizing a market approach based on an earnings multiple. The average of forward earnings multiples of comparable publicly traded companies based on independent analysts’ consensus estimates for each company’s forecasted earnings was applied to PGIM’s forecasted results and an implied control premium was added. The fair value for Gibraltar and Other was also estimated using a similar approach. The estimated fair values of both PGIM and Gibraltar and Other significantly exceeded their carrying values, resulting in no goodwill impairment as of December 31, 2024. The Company recorded impairment charges of $177 million and $903 million in 2023 and 2022, respectively, both related to the Assurance IQ (“AIQ”) reporting unit, within Corporate and Other operations, resulting in no remaining goodwill assigned to AIQ as of December 31, 2023. Estimating the fair value of reporting units is a subjective process that involves the use of significant estimates by management. Unanticipated changes in business performance or the regulatory environment, market declines and other events impacting the fair value of the reporting units with assigned goodwill, or increases in the level of equity required to support these businesses, could cause goodwill impairment charges in future periods. For additional information regarding goodwill and our reporting segments, see Note 2 and Note 10 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. Valuation of Investments, Including Derivatives, Measurement of Allowance for Credit Losses, and the Recognition of Impairments Our investment portfolio consists of public and private fixed maturity securities, commercial mortgage and other loans, equity securities, other invested assets, and derivative financial instruments. Derivatives are financial instruments whose values are derived from interest rates, foreign exchange rates, financial indices, values of securities or commodities, credit spreads, market volatility, expected returns, and liquidity. Derivative financial instruments that are generally used include swaps, futures, forwards and options and may be or contracted in the (“OTC”) market. We are also party to financial instruments that contain derivative instruments that are “embedded” in the financial instruments. Management believes the following accounting policies related to investments, including derivatives, are most dependent on the application of estimates and assumptions. Each of these policies is discussed further within other relevant disclosures related to investments and derivatives, as referenced below: • Valuation of investments, including derivatives; • Measurement of the allowance for credit losses on fixed maturity securities classified as , commercial mortgage loans, and other loans; and • Recognition of impairments (“OTTI”) for equity method investments and investment real estate. We present at fair value in the statements of financial position our debt security investments classified as , investments classified as trading such as our assets supporting contractholder liabilities and certain fixed maturities, equity securities, and certain investments within “Other invested assets,” such as derivatives. For additional information regarding the key estimates and assumptions surrounding the determination of fair value of fixed maturity and equity securities, as well as derivative instruments, embedded derivatives and other investments, see Note 6 to the Consolidated Financial Statements and “—Valuation of Assets and Liabilities—Fair Value of Assets and Liabilities.” 67 Table of Contents For our investments classified as , the impact of changes in fair value is recorded as an unrealized gain or loss in AOCI, a separate component of equity. For our investments classified as trading and equity securities, the impact of changes in fair value is recorded within “Other income (loss).” Our commercial mortgage and other loans are carried primarily at unpaid principal balances, net of unamortized deferred loan origination fees and expenses and unamortized premiums or discounts and a valuation allowance for losses. In addition, an allowance for credit losses is measured each quarter for fixed maturity securities and for commercial mortgage and other loans. For additional information regarding our policies with respect to the measurement of credit losses, see Note 2 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. For equity method investments and investment real estate, the carrying value of these investments is written down or impaired to fair value when a decline in value is considered to be . Pension and Other Postretirement Benefits We sponsor pension and other postretirement benefit plans covering employees who meet specific eligibility requirements. Our net periodic costs for these plans consider an assumed discount (interest) rate, an expected rate of return on plan assets, expected increases in compensation levels, mortality and trends in health care costs. Of these assumptions, our expected rate of return assumptions and our discount rate assumptions have historically had the most significant effect on our net period costs associated with these plans. We determine our expected rate of return on plan assets based upon a building block approach that considers plan asset mix, risk free rates, inflation, real return, term premium, credit spreads, equity risk premium and capital appreciation as well as expenses, the effect of active management and the effect of rebalancing for the equity, debt and real estate asset mix applied on a weighted average basis to our pension asset portfolio. See Note 19 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for our actual asset allocations by asset category and the asset allocation ranges prescribed by our investment policy guidelines for both our pension and other postretirement benefit plans. Our assumed rate of return for 2024 was 7.50% for our domestic pension plans and 6.75% for our other postretirement benefit plans. Given the amount of plan assets as of December 31, 2023, the beginning of the measurement year, if we had assumed an expected rate of return for both our domestic pension and other domestic postretirement benefit plans that was 100 bps higher or 100 bps lower than the rates we assumed, the change in our net periodic costs would have been as shown in the table below. The information provided in the table below considers only changes in our assumed rate of return given the level and mix of invested assets at the beginning of the measurement year, without consideration of possible changes in any of the other assumptions described above that could ultimately accompany any changes in our assumed rate of return. For the Year Ended December 31, 2024 Increase/(Decrease) in Net Periodic Pension Cost Increase/(Decrease) in Net Periodic Other Postretirement Cost (in millions) Increase in expected rate of return by 100 bps $ (126) $ (11) Decrease in expected rate of return by 100 bps $ 126 $ 11 Foreign pension plans represent 3% of plan assets at the beginning of 2024. An increase in expected rate of return by 100 bps would result in a decrease in net periodic pension costs of $3 million; conversely, a decrease in expected rate of return by 100 bps would result in an increase in net periodic pension costs of $3 million. We determine our discount rate, used to value the pension and postretirement benefit obligations, based upon rates commensurate with current yields on high quality corporate bonds. See Note 19 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for information regarding the December 31, 2023 methodology we employed to determine our discount rate for 2024. Our assumed discount rate for 2024 was 5.30% for our domestic pension plans and 5.20% for our other domestic postretirement benefit plans. Given the amount of pension and postretirement obligations as of December 31, 2023, the beginning of the measurement year, if we had assumed a discount rate for both our domestic pension and other postretirement benefit plans that was 100 bps higher or 100 bps lower than the rates we assumed, the change in our net periodic costs would have been as shown in the table below. The information provided in the table below considers only changes in our assumed discount rate without consideration of possible changes in any of the other assumptions described above that could ultimately accompany any changes in our assumed discount rate. 68 Table of Contents For the Year Ended December 31, 2024 Increase/(Decrease) in Net Periodic Pension Cost Increase/(Decrease) in Net Periodic Other Postretirement Cost (in millions) Increase in discount rate by 100 bps $ (53) $ (2) Decrease in discount rate by 100 bps $ 103 $ 2 Foreign pension plans represent 11% of plan obligations at the beginning of 2024. An increase in discount rate by 100 bps would result in an increase in net periodic pension costs of $1 million; conversely, a decrease in discount rate by 100 bps would result in an increase in net periodic pension costs of $0 million. Given the application of the authoritative guidance for accounting for pensions, and the deferral and amortization of actuarial gains and losses arising from changes in our assumed discount rate, the change in net periodic pension cost arising from an increase in the assumed discount rate by 100 bps would not always be expected to equal the change in net periodic pension cost arising from a decrease in the assumed discount rate by 100 bps. For a discussion of our expected rate of return on plan assets and discount rate for our qualified pension plan in 2024, see “—Results of Operations by Segment—Corporate and Other.” For purposes of calculating pension income from our own qualified pension plan for the year ended December 31, 2025, we increased the discount rate to 5.85% from 5.30% in 2024. The expected rate of return on plan assets increased to 8.00% in 2025 from 7.50% in 2024, and the assumed rate of increase in compensation remained unchanged at 6.25%. In addition to the effect of changes in our assumptions, the net periodic cost or benefit from our pension and other postretirement benefit plans may change due to factors such as actual experience being different from our assumptions, special benefits to terminated employees, or changes in benefits provided under the plans. At December 31, 2024, the sensitivity of our domestic and foreign pension and postretirement obligations to a 100 basis point change in discount rate was as follows. December 31, 2024 Increase/(Decrease) in Pension Benefits Obligation Increase/(Decrease) in Accumulated Postretirement Benefits Obligation (in millions) Increase in discount rate by 100 bps $ (849) $ (64) Decrease in discount rate by 100 bps $ 984 $ 74 Taxes on Income Our effective tax rate is based on income, and items, tax credits, statutory tax rates and tax planning opportunities available in the various jurisdictions in which we operate. Inherent in determining our annual tax rate are judgments regarding business plans, planning opportunities and expectations about future outcomes. The Dividend Received Deduction (“DRD”) is a significant reason for the difference between the Company’s effective tax rate and the U.S. federal statutory rate. The DRD is an estimate that incorporates the prior and current year information, as well as the current year’s equity market performance. Both the current estimate of the DRD and the DRD in future periods can vary based on factors such as, but not limited to, changes in the amount of dividends received that are eligible for the DRD, changes in the amount of distributions received from underlying fund investments, changes in the account balances of variable life and annuity contracts, and the Company’s taxable income before the DRD. An increase or decrease in our effective tax rate by one percentage point would have resulted in a decrease or increase in our 2024 “Total income tax expense (benefit)” of $32 million. Contingencies A contingency is an existing condition that involves a degree of uncertainty that will ultimately be resolved upon the occurrence of future events. Accruals for contingencies are required to be established when the future event is probable and its impact can be reasonably estimated, such as in connection with an unresolved legal matter. The initial reserve reflects 69 Table of Contents management’s best estimate of the probable cost of ultimate resolution of the matter and is revised accordingly as facts and circumstances change and, ultimately, when the matter is brought to closure. Commission Revenue For digital insurance brokerage placement services provided by AIQ, the Company earns both initial and renewal commissions as compensation for the placement of insurance policies with insurance carriers. At the effective date of the policy, the Company records within “Other income (loss)” the expected lifetime revenue for the initial and renewal commissions considering estimates of the timing of future policy cancellations. These estimates are reassessed each reporting period and any changes in estimates are reflected in the current period. In March 2024, the Company committed to a plan to exit the operations of AIQ. Adoption of New Accounting Pronouncements There were no new critical accounting estimates resulting from new accounting pronouncements adopted during 2024. See Note 2 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for accounting pronouncements issued but not yet adopted and newly adopted accounting pronouncements. Results of Operations by Segment PGIM Business Updates • In December 2023, we completed the acquisition of a majority stake in Deerpath Capital Management, LP (“Deerpath”), a leading U.S.-based private credit and direct lending manager with approximately $5 billion in assets under management. • In July 2024, the Company exited PGIM Wadhwani LLP (“PGIMW”), our managed futures investment management firm. The results of PGIMW, beginning in the second quarter of 2024, are reflected in Divested and Businesses included within our Corporate and Other operations. Operating Results The following table sets forth PGIM’s operating results for the periods indicated: Year Ended December 31, 2024 2023 2022 (in millions) Operating results(1): Revenues $ 4,092 $ 3,638 $ 3,622 Expenses 3,217 2,925 2,779 Adjusted operating income 875 713 843 Realized investment gains (losses), net, and related charges and adjustments 0 0 (8) Equity in earnings of joint ventures and other operating entities and earnings attributable to noncontrolling interests 132 16 (4) Other adjustments(2) (19) (36) (22) Income (loss) before income taxes and equity in earnings of joint ventures and other operating entities $ 988 $ 693 $ 809 __________ (1) Certain of PGIM’s investment activities are based in currencies other than the USD and are therefore subject to foreign currency exchange rate risk. The financial results of PGIM include the impact of an intercompany arrangement with our Corporate and Other operations designed to mitigate the impact of exchange rate changes on PGIM’s earnings. For additional information regarding this intercompany arrangement, see “—Results of Operations—Impact of Foreign Currency Exchange Rates,” above. (2) Includes certain components of consideration for business acquisitions, which are recognized as compensation expense over the requisite service periods. 70 Table of Contents Adjusted Operating Income 2024 to 2023 Annual Comparison. Adjusted operating income increased $162 million, primarily reflecting higher asset management fees, net of related expenses, and higher other related revenues, net of related expenses. These impacts were partially offset by higher compensation expenses. Revenues and Expenses The following table sets forth PGIM’s revenues, presented on a basis consistent with the table above under “—Operating Results,” by type: Year Ended December 31, 2024 2023 2022 (in millions) Revenues by type: Asset management fees by source: Institutional customers $ 1,530 $ 1,448 $ 1,443 Retail customers(1) 1,153 1,014 1,081 General account 496 457 508 Total asset management fees 3,179 2,919 3,032 Other related revenues by source: Incentive fees 202 46 85 Transaction fees 24 17 14 Seed and 135 127 3 Commercial mortgage(2) 69 57 127 Total other related revenues 430 247 229 Service, distribution and other revenues 483 472 361 Total revenues $ 4,092 $ 3,638 $ 3,622 __________ (1) Consists of fees from: individual mutual funds and variable annuities and variable life insurance separate account assets; funds invested in proprietary mutual funds through our defined contribution plan products; and relationships. Revenues from fixed annuities and the accounts of variable annuities and variable life insurance are included in the general account. (2) Includes mortgage origination revenues from our commercial mortgage origination and servicing business. 2024 to 2023 Annual Comparison. Revenues increased $454 million. Asset management fees increased, primarily reflecting equity market appreciation and strong investment performance, as well as the impact of the Deerpath acquisition. Other related revenues were favorable, primarily reflecting higher incentive fees due to strong investment performance and the impact of the Deerpath acquisition. Expenses increased $292 million, primarily reflecting higher variable expenses related to performance-based incentive fees and an increase in overall segment earnings. The increase also reflects higher compensation expenses due to business growth, including the impact of the Deerpath acquisition, and increases related to certain employee compensation plans tied to investment performance. 71 Table of Contents Assets Under Management The following table sets forth assets under management by asset class as of the dates indicated: December 31, 2024 2023 2022 (in billions) Assets Under Management(1) (at fair value): Public equity $ 215.7 $ 183.6 $ 147.8 Public fixed income 832.2 799.8 776.8 Real estate 127.2 129.2 129.6 Private credit and other alternatives 118.0 112.1 103.4 82.1 73.4 70.8 Total PGIM assets under management $ 1,375.2 $ 1,298.1 $ 1,228.4 Assets under management within other reporting segments(2) 137.2 151.5 148.9 Total PFI assets under management $ 1,512.4 $ 1,449.6 $ 1,377.3 __________ (1) “Public equity” represents stock ownership interest in a corporation or partnership (excluding hedge funds) or real estate investment trust. “Public fixed income” represents debt instruments that pay interest and usually have a maturity (excluding mortgages). “Real estate” includes direct real estate equity and real estate mortgages. “Private credit and other alternatives” includes private credit, private equity, hedge funds and other alternative strategies. “ ” includes funds or products that invest in more than one asset class, balancing equity and fixed income funds and target date funds. (2) Primarily includes assets related to certain annuity, variable life, retirement and group life products in our U.S. Businesses and Corporate and Other operations, and certain general account assets in our International Businesses. These assets are not directly managed by PGIM, but rather are invested in funds or are managed by either the divisions themselves or by our Chief Investment Officer Organization. The following table sets forth assets under management by source as of the dates indicated: December 31, 2024 2023 2022 (in billions) Assets Under Management(1) (at fair value): Institutional customers $ 620.2 $ 582.6 $ 549.2 Retail customers 370.9 330.3 299.6 General account 384.1 385.2 379.6 Total PGIM assets under management $ 1,375.2 $ 1,298.1 $ 1,228.4 Assets under management within other reporting segments(2) 137.2 151.5 148.9 Total PFI assets under management $ 1,512.4 $ 1,449.6 $ 1,377.3 __________ (1) “Institutional customers” consist of institutional assets and group insurance contracts. “Retail customers” consist of individual mutual funds and variable annuities and variable life insurance separate account assets, funds invested in proprietary mutual funds through our defined contribution plan products, and relationships. “General account” also includes fixed annuities and the accounts of variable annuities and variable life insurance. (2) Primarily includes assets related to certain annuity, variable life, retirement and group life products in our U.S. Businesses and Corporate and Other operations, and certain general account assets in our International Businesses. These assets are not directly managed by PGIM, but rather are invested in funds or are managed by either the divisions themselves or by our Chief Investment Officer Organization. 72 Table of Contents The following table sets forth the component changes in PGIM’s assets under management for the periods indicated: December 31, 2024 2023 2022 (in billions) Beginning assets under management $ 1,298.1 $ 1,228.4 $ 1,523.8 Institutional flows 12.2 (23.3) 3.0 Retail flows 1.4 (15.1) (23.2) Total flows 13.6 (38.4) (20.2) Affiliated flows(1) 24.1 (5.6) 13.2 Market appreciation (depreciation)(2) 60.6 118.3 (240.9) Foreign exchange rate impact (9.4) (4.3) (16.0) Net money market activity and other increases (decreases)(3) (11.8) (0.3) (31.5) Ending assets under management $ 1,375.2 $ 1,298.1 $ 1,228.4 __________ (1) Represents assets that PGIM manages for the benefit of other reporting segments within the Company. Additions and withdrawals of these assets are attributable to product inflows and outflows in other reporting segments. (2) Includes income reinvestment, where applicable. (3) Results for the year ended December 31, 2022 include a reduction in assets under management from the sales of the Full Service Retirement business and Prudential Annuities Life Assurance Corporation (“PALAC”). 2024 to 2023 Annual Comparison. PGIM’s assets under management increased $77 billion in 2024, primarily driven by equity market appreciation, fixed income net inflows and strong investment performance. Private Capital Deployment Private capital deployment is indicative of the pace and magnitude of capital that is invested and will result in future revenues that may include management fees, transaction fees, incentive fees and servicing revenues, as well as future costs to manage these assets. Private capital deployment represents the gross value of private capital invested in real estate debt and equity, and private credit and equity asset classes. Assets under management resulting from private capital deployment are primarily included in “Real estate” and “Private credit and other alternatives” in the “—Assets Under Management—by asset class table” above. As of December 31, 2024, these assets increased approximately $3.9 billion compared to December 31, 2023, primarily reflecting private capital net inflows, partially offset by unfavorable foreign exchange rate impacts. Private capital deployment includes PGIM’s real estate agency debt business, which consists of agency commercial mortgage loans that are originated and sold to investors. PGIM continues to service these loans; however, they are not included in assets under management. The following table sets forth PGIM’s private capital deployed by asset class for the periods indicated: December 31, 2024 2023 2022 (in billions) Private capital deployed: Real estate debt and equity $ 20.9 $ 17.6 $ 26.9 Private credit and equity 22.4 14.0 16.1 Total private capital deployed $ 43.3 $ 31.6 $ 43.0 Seed and As of December 31, 2024 and 2023, PGIM had approximately $1,079 million and $1,088 million of seed investments and $415 million and $443 million of at carrying value, respectively, primarily consisting of public fixed income, public equity, real estate investments, and private credit and other alternatives. 73 Table of Contents U.S. Businesses Operating Results The following table sets forth the operating results for our U.S. Businesses for the periods indicated: Year Ended December 31, 2024 2023 2022 (in millions) Adjusted operating income before income taxes: U.S. Businesses: Retirement Strategies(1) $ 3,619 $ 3,513 $ 4,529 Group Insurance 314 319 (16) Individual Life (205) (95) (1,802) Total U.S. Businesses(1) 3,728 3,737 2,711 Reconciling items: Realized investment gains (losses), net, and related charges and adjustments(1)(2) (1,389) (2,023) (4,188) Change in value of market risk benefits, net of related hedging gains (losses) (414) 42 (469) Market experience updates (143) 154 439 Equity in earnings of joint ventures and other operating entities and earnings attributable to noncontrolling interests 2 0 2 Income (loss) before income taxes and equity in earnings of joint ventures and other operating entities $ 1,784 $ 1,910 $ (1,505) __________ (1) The amount for 2023 reflects the correction of an error related to indexed variable and fixed annuity products within the Retirement Strategies segment. See “—Overview” above for additional information. (2) Prior period amounts have been updated to conform to current period presentation. 2024 to 2023 Annual Comparison. Adjusted operating income for our U.S. Businesses decreased by $9 million primarily due to: • Higher expenses, primarily driven by higher operating expenses in our Individual Life, Group Insurance, and Institutional Retirement Strategies businesses and higher amortization of acquisition costs in our Individual Retirement Strategies business driven by business growth; and • Lower fee income, net of distribution expenses, primarily in our Individual Retirement Strategies business due to a reduction in account values resulting from net outflows, partially offset by favorable equity markets. Largely offsetting these decreases were: • Higher underwriting results, primarily reflecting the impacts of the reinsurance transactions of certain guaranteed universal life policies in our Individual Life business and improved mortality experience in both our Individual Life and Group Insurance businesses; • A favorable comparative net impact from our annual reviews and update of assumptions and other refinements, primarily reflecting a net benefit from these updates in the second quarter of 2024 in our Institutional Retirement Strategies business, partially offset by a net charge in our Individual Life business; and • Higher net investment spread results, primarily reflecting business growth, higher reinvestment rates, and higher income on investments, partially offset by the absence of income on assets included in the recent reinsurance transactions in our Individual Life and Institutional Retirement Strategies businesses. Retirement Strategies Business Updates • In May 2023, the Company entered into an agreement with The Ohio National Life Insurance Company, now known as AuguStar Life Insurance Company (“AuguStar”), an affiliate of Constellation Insurance Holdings, Inc., to reinsure approximately $10 billion of account values of PDI traditional variable annuity contracts with guaranteed living benefits 74 Table of Contents issued by Pruco Life Insurance Company (“Pruco Life”), a subsidiary of Prudential Financial. The transaction was completed on June 30, 2023 with an effective date of April 1, 2023. See Note 15 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. • In September 2023, the Company entered into an agreement with Prismic Re to reinsure approximately $9 billion of reserves for certain structured settlement annuity contracts issued by PICA, a subsidiary of Prudential Financial, effective September 2023. These contracts represent approximately 70% of the Company’s structured settlement annuities business. See Note 15 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. Operating Results The following table sets forth Retirement Strategies’ operating results for the periods indicated: Year Ended December 31, 2024 2023 2022 (in millions) Operating results:(1) Revenues: Institutional Retirement Strategies $ 28,195 $ 11,030 $ 19,116 Individual Retirement Strategies 5,125 4,532 5,470 Total revenues 33,320 15,562 24,586 Benefits and expenses: Institutional Retirement Strategies 26,339 9,335 17,569 Individual Retirement Strategies 3,362 2,714 2,488 Total benefits and expenses 29,701 12,049 20,057 Adjusted operating income: Institutional Retirement Strategies 1,856 1,695 1,547 Individual Retirement Strategies 1,763 1,818 2,982 Total adjusted operating income 3,619 3,513 4,529 Realized investment gains (losses), net, and related charges and adjustments(2) (594) (1,665) (2,546) Change in value of market risk benefits, net of related hedging gains (losses) (414) 42 (469) Equity in earnings of joint ventures and other operating entities and earnings attributable to noncontrolling interests 1 0 2 Income (loss) before income taxes and equity in earnings of joint ventures and other operating entities $ 2,612 $ 1,890 $ 1,516 __________ (1) The amount for 2023 reflects the correction of an error related to indexed variable and fixed annuity products within the Individual Retirement Strategies business. See “—Overview” above for additional information. (2) Prior period amounts have been updated to conform to current period presentation. Adjusted Operating Income 2024 to 2023 Annual Comparison. Adjusted operating income from our Institutional Retirement Strategies business increased $161 million, including a favorable comparative net impact from our annual reviews and update of assumptions and other refinements. Results for 2024 and 2023 included net benefits from this update of $132 million and $6 million, respectively. Excluding this item, adjusted operating income increased $35 million, driven by higher net investment spread results, primarily reflecting business growth and higher income on investments, partially offset by the absence of income on assets related to the reinsurance of certain structured settlement annuity contracts in the prior year, as discussed above. This increase was partially offset by higher operating expenses and less favorable reserve experience. Adjusted operating income from our Individual Retirement Strategies business decreased $55 million, including a favorable comparative net impact from our annual reviews and update of assumptions and other refinements. Results for 2024 included a net benefit of $8 million while the results for 2023 had no net impact from our annual reviews and update of assumptions. Excluding this item, adjusted operating income decreased $63 million primarily driven by lower fee income, net of distribution expenses, and higher amortization costs. The decrease in fee income, net of distribution expenses, resulted from lower average separate account values due to net outflows, partially offset by favorable equity markets. These decreases were 75 Table of Contents partially offset by higher net investment spread results due to the growth in indexed variable annuities and higher reinvestment rates. Our Individual Retirement Strategies business includes both fixed and variable annuities which may include optional guaranteed living benefit riders (e.g., GMIB, GMAB, GMWB and GMIWB), and/or optional death benefit riders (e.g., GMDB). We also offer fixed annuities that provide a guarantee of principal and interest credited at rates we determine (subject to certain contractual minimums) or at rates based upon the performance of an index (subject to caps or participation rates), as well as indexed variable annuities that provide several index crediting strategies and varying levels of downside protection at predetermined levels and durations. The drivers of our business results are generally included in adjusted operating income, with exceptions related to certain guarantees, as discussed below. Under U.S. GAAP, our guaranteed living and death benefit riders on variable annuities (e.g., GMAB, GMIB, GMWB, GMIWB and GMDB) are accounted for as MRBs and reported at fair value. For purposes of measuring segment performance, adjusted operating income excludes the changes in fair value of MRBs and instead reflects the performance of these riders in net income, net of related hedges, in “Change in value of market risk benefits, net of related hedging gains (losses),” except for the portion of the change attributable to changes in the Company’s NPR which is recorded in OCI. Effective April 2023, the Company entered into an agreement with AuguStar to reinsure approximately $10 billion of account values of PDI traditional variable annuity contracts with guaranteed living benefits. For additional information regarding our external reinsurance agreements, see “Business—Reinsurance” and Note 15 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. Under U.S. GAAP, policyholder liabilities associated with our fixed and variable indexed annuity products are recorded in “Policyholders’ account balances,” and include both the contract value that has accrued to the benefit of the policyholder and the fair value of embedded derivative instruments associated with the features for these products. The change in the liability for these products is measured utilizing a valuation methodology required under U.S GAAP, and includes the fair value of all index credits for the current term and future projected renewals of the policy. For the purpose of measuring segment performance, however, adjusted operating income reflects only the change in the liability associated with the current term elected by the policyholder and excludes the change in the liability associated with all future projected renewals. Revenues, Benefits and Expenses 2024 to 2023 Annual Comparison. Revenues from our Institutional Retirement Strategies business increased $17,165 million. Excluding the impact of our annual reviews and update of assumptions and other refinements, as discussed above, revenues increased $17,465 million. This increase primarily reflected higher pension risk transfer premiums due to significant sales in the current year, and the impact of the reinsurance of certain structured settlement annuity contracts in the prior year, with corresponding offsets in policyholders’ benefits, as discussed below. Benefits and expenses of our Institutional Retirement Strategies business increased $17,004 million. Excluding the impact of our annual reviews and update of assumptions and other refinements, as discussed above, benefits and expenses increased $17,430 million. Policyholders’ benefits, including changes in reserves, increased primarily related to the higher pension risk transfer premiums and the impact of the reinsurance of certain structured settlement annuity contracts, as discussed above. Revenues from our Individual Retirement Strategies business increased $593 million. Excluding the impact of our annual reviews and update of assumptions and other refinements, as discussed above, revenues increased $601 million primarily driven by higher net investment income due to growth in indexed variable annuities and higher reinvestment rates. Benefits and expenses of our Individual Retirement Strategies business increased $648 million. Excluding the impact of our annual reviews and update of assumptions and other refinements, as discussed above, benefits and expenses increased $664 million primarily driven by higher interest credited to policyholders’ account balances and higher general and administrative expenses, net of capitalization. Account Values Institutional Retire ment Strategies. Account values are a significant driver of our operating results and are primarily driven by net additions (withdrawals) and the impact of market changes. The investment income and interest we credit to policyholders on our products varies with the level of general account values. The income we earn on most of our products varies with the level of account values as many policy fees are determined by these values. The following table shows the changes in the account values of Institutional Retirement Strategies’ products for the periods indicated. Account values include both internally- and client balances as the total balances drive 76 Table of Contents revenue for the Institutional Retirement Strategies business. For additional information regarding balances, see “—PGIM.” Year Ended December 31, 2024 2023 2022 (in millions) Total Institutional Retirement Strategies: Beginning total account value(1) $ 267,654 $ 251,818 $ 245,720 Additions(2) 36,331 28,498 31,773 Withdrawals and benefits (25,327) (25,283) (16,398) Change in market value, interest credited and interest income 10,590 7,722 (4,110) Other(3) (1,046) 4,899 (5,167) Ending total account value, gross 288,202 267,654 251,818 Reinsurance ceded (9,011) (9,237) 0 Ending total account value, net $ 279,191 $ 258,417 $ 251,818 __________ (1) Beginning total account values, net of reinsurance ceded, were $258,417 million, $251,818 million and $245,720 million for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. (2) Additions primarily include: gro

[truncated]