Table of Contents Page Article One Definitions and Other Provisions of General Application 1 Section 101. Definitions 1 Section 102. Compliance Certificates and Opinions 6 Section 103. Form of Documents Delivered to Trustee 6 Section 104. Acts of Holders 7 Section 105. Notices, Etc., to Trustee, Company and Guarantor 7 Section 106. Notice to Holders; Waiver 8 Section 107. Conflict with Trust Indenture Act 8 Section 108. Effect of Headings and Table of Contents 8 Section 109. Successors and Assigns 8 Section 110. Separability Clause 9 Section 111. Benefits of Indenture 9 Section 112. Governing Law 9 Section 113. Legal Holidays 9 Section 114. Submission to Jurisdiction 9 Section 115. Waiver of Jury Trial 10 Section 116. Contractual Recognition of Powers 10 Article Two SECURITY AND GUARANTEE FORMS 10 Section 201. Forms Generally 10 Section 202. Form of Face of Security 11 Section 203. Form of Reverse of Security 13 Section 204. Form of Trustee’s Certificate of Authentication 15 Section 205. Guarantee by Guarantor; Text of Guarantee 16 Section 206. Form of Legend for Global Securities 18 Article Three THE SECURITIES 18 Section 301. Amount Unlimited; Issuable in Series 18 Section 302. Denominations 20 Section 303. Execution, Authentication, Delivery and Dating 20 Section 304. Temporary Securities 21 Section 305. Registration, Registration of Transfer and Exchange 21 Section 306. Mutilated, Destroyed, Lost and Stolen Securities 22 Section 307. Payment of Interest; Interest Rights Preserved 23 Section 308. Persons Deemed Owners 23 Section 309. Cancellation 24 Section 310. Computation of Interest 24 Section 311. Payment to Be in Proper Currency; Conversion of Judgment Currency 24 Article Four SATISFACTION AND DISCHARGE 24 Section 401. Satisfaction and Discharge of Indenture 24 Section 402. Application of Trust Money 25 Section 403. Defeasance Upon Deposit of Moneys or U.S. Government Obligations 25 Article Five REMEDIES 27 Section 501. Events of Default 27 Section 502. Acceleration of Maturity; Rescission and Annulment 28 Section 503. Collection of Indebtedness and Suits for Enforcement by Trustee 29 Section 504. Trustee May File Proofs of Claim 29 Section 505. Trustee May Enforce Claims Without Possession of Securities 30 Section 506. Application of Money Collected 30 Section 507. Limitation on Suits 30 Section 508. Unconditional Right of Holders to Receive Principal, Premium and Interest 30 Section 509. Restoration of Rights and Remedies 31 Section 510. Rights and Remedies Cumulative 31 Section 511. Delay or Omission Not Waiver 31 Section 512. Control by Holders 31 Section 513. Waiver of Past Defaults 31 Section 514. Undertaking for Costs 32 Section 515. Waiver of Stay or Extension Laws 32 Article Six THE TRUSTEE 32 Section 601. Certain Duties and Responsibilities 32 Section 602. Notice of Defaults 33 Section 603. Certain Rights of Trustee 33 Section 604. Not Responsible for Recitals or Issuance of Securities 34 Section 605. May Hold Securities 35 Section 606. Money Held in Trust 35 Section 607. Compensation and Reimbursement 35 Section 608. Disqualification; Conflicting Interests 35 Section 609. Corporate Trustee Required; Eligibility 36 Section 610. Resignation and Removal; Appointment of Successor 36 Section 611. Acceptance of Appointment by Successor 37 Section 612. Merger, Consolidation or Succession to Business 37 Section 613. Preferential Collection of Claims Against Company 38 Section 614. and Separate Trustees 38 Section 615. Appointment of Authenticating Agent 39 Article Seven HOLDERS’ LISTS AND REPORTS BY TRUSTEE, COMPANY AND GUARANTOR 39 Section 701. Company and Guarantor to Furnish Trustee Names and Addresses of Holders 39 Section 702. Preservation of Information; Communications to Holders 40 Section 703. Reports by Trustee 40 Section 704. Reports by Company and Guarantor 41 Article Eight CONSOLIDATION, AMALGAMATION, MERGER, CONVEYANCE, TRANSFER OR LEASE; SUBSTITUTION 42 Section 801. Company or Guarantor May Consolidate, Etc., Only on Certain Terms 42 Section 802. Substitution of the Company on Certain Terms 42 Section 803. Reserved 42 Section 804. Successor Corporation Substituted 42 Article Nine SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURES 43 Section 901. Supplemental Indentures Without Consent of Holders 43 Section 902. Supplemental Indentures with Consent of Holders 44 Section 903. Execution of Supplemental Indentures 44 Section 904. Effect of Supplemental Indentures 45 Section 905. Conformity with Trust Indenture Act 45 Section 906. Reference in Securities to Supplemental Indentures 45 Article Ten PARTICULAR COVENANTS OF COMPANY AND GUARANTOR 45 Section 1001. Payment of Principal, Premium and Interest by Company 45 Section 1002. Maintenance of Office or Agency by Company 45 Section 1003. Reserved 45 Section 1004. Reserved 45 Section 1005. Maintenance of Office or Agency by Guarantor 45 Section 1006. Money for Securities Payments to Be Held in Trust 46 Section 1007. Corporate Existence 46 Section 1008. Statement by Executive Officer as to Compliance; Statement as to Default 47 Section 1009. Waiver of Certain Covenants 47 Section 1010. Additional Amounts 47 Article Eleven REDEMPTION OF SECURITIES 49 Section 1101. Applicability of Article 49 Section 1102. Election to Redeem; Notice to Trustee 49 Section 1103. Selection by Trustee of Securities to Be Redeemed 49 Section 1104. Notice of Redemption 49 Section 1105. Deposit of Redemption Price 50 Section 1106. Securities Payable on Redemption Date 50 Section 1107. Securities Redeemed in Part 50 Section 1108. Optional Redemption Due to Changes in Tax Treatment 51 Article Twelve SINKING FUNDS 51 Section 1201. Applicability of Article 51 Section 1202. Satisfaction of Sinking Fund Payments with Securities 51 Section 1203. Redemption of Securities for Sinking Fund 51 Article Thirteen FATCA WITHHOLDING 52 Section 1301. Mutual Undertaking Regarding Information Reporting and Collection Obligations 52 Section 1302. Notice of Possible Withholding Under FATCA 52 Section 1303. Agent Right to Withhold 52 Section 1304. Issuer Right to Redirect 52 NOTE: This table of contents shall not, for any purpose, be deemed to be a part of the Indenture. THIS INDENTURE is dated as of January 13, 2026 among TotalEnergies Capital USA, LLC, a limited liability company organized and existing under the laws of the State of Delaware (herein called the “Company”), having its principal office at 1201 Louisiana Street, Suite 1800, Houston, Texas 77002, and TotalEnergies SE, a European Company ( societas europaea or SE) duly organized and existing under the laws of the Republic of France (herein called the “Guarantor”), having its principal office at 2, place Jean Millier, La Défense 6, 92400 Courbevoie, The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch, a banking corporation organized under the laws of the State of New York, not in its individual capacity but solely as trustee (herein called the “Trustee”), The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Dublin Branch, not in its individual capacity but solely as security registrar (herein called the “Security Registrar”). RECITALS The Company has duly authorized the execution and delivery of this Indenture to provide for the issuance from time to time outside France of its unsecured debentures, notes or other evidences of indebtedness (herein called the “Securities”), to be issued in one or more series as in this Indenture provided. The Guarantor has duly authorized the execution and delivery of this Indenture. All things necessary to make this Indenture a valid agreement of the Company and the Guarantor, in accordance with its terms, have been done. NOW, THEREFORE, THIS INDENTURE WITNESSETH: For and in consideration of the premises and the purchase of the Securities by the Holders thereof, it is mutually covenanted and agreed, for the equal and proportionate benefit of all Holders of the Securities or of any series thereof, as follows: Article One Definitions and Other Provisions of General Application Section 101. Definitions. For all purposes of this Indenture, except as otherwise expressly provided or unless the context otherwise requires: (1) the terms defined in this Article have the meanings assigned to them in this Article and include the plural as well as the singular; (2) all other terms used herein which are defined in the Trust Indenture Act, either directly or by reference therein, have the meanings assigned to them therein; (3) all accounting terms not otherwise defined herein have the meanings assigned to them in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS); and (4) the words “herein”, “hereof” and “hereunder” and other words of similar import refer to this Indenture as a whole and not to any particular Article, Section or other subdivision. Certain terms, used principally in Article Six , are defined in that Article. “Act”, when used with respect to any Holder, has the meaning specified in Section 104 . “Affiliate” of any specified Person means any other Person directly or indirectly controlling or controlled by or under direct or indirect common control with such specified Person. For the purposes of this definition, “control”, when used with respect to any specified Person means, the power to direct the management and policies of such Person, directly or indirectly, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise; and the terms “controlling” and “controlled” have meanings correlative to the foregoing. “Applicable Law” means any law or regulation. “Authenticating Agent” means any Person authorized by the Trustee on behalf of the Trustee to authenticate Securities. “Authority” means any competent regulatory, prosecuting, Tax or governmental authority in any jurisdiction. 1 “ Legislation” means in relation to a member state of the European Economic Area which has implemented, or which at any time implements, the BRRD, the relevant implementing law, regulation, rule or requirement as described in the EU Legislation Schedule from time to time. “ Powers” means any and Conversion Powers as defined in the EU Legislation Schedule, in relation to the relevant Legislation. “Board of Directors”, means either the board of directors of the Guarantor, or any committee of such board authorized to act for it hereunder, as the case may be. “Board of Managers”, means either the board of managers of the Company, or any committee of such board authorized to act for it hereunder, as the case may be. “Board Resolution”, when used with reference to the Company or the Guarantor, means a copy of a resolution certified by the general counsel, a deputy general counsel, the secretary or an assistant secretary of the Company or the Guarantor, as the case may be, to have been duly adopted by its Board of Managers or its Board of Director, as the case may be, and to be in full force and effect on the date of such certification, and delivered to the Trustee. “BRRD” means Directive 2014/59/EU establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms. “BRRD Liability” means a liability in respect of which the relevant Write Down and Conversion Powers in the applicable Legislation may be exercised. “Business Day”, when used with respect to any Place of Payment, means each Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday and Friday which is not a day on which banking or trust institutions in that Place of Payment are authorized generally or obligated by law, regulation or executive order to close. “Code” means the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. “Commission” means the Securities and Exchange Commission, as from time to time constituted, created under the Exchange Act, or, if at any time after the execution of this instrument such Commission is not existing and performing the duties now assigned to it under the Trust Indenture Act, then the body performing such duties at such time. “Company” means the Person named as the “Company” in the first paragraph of this instrument until a successor corporation shall have become such pursuant to the applicable provisions of this Indenture, and thereafter “Company” shall mean such successor corporation. “Company Request” or “Company Order” means a written request or order signed in the name of the Company or of the Guarantor, in either case by a manager or director thereof, or any other Person, duly authorized (either directly or by authorized delegation) in respect thereto attested by its general counsel, a deputy general counsel, its secretary or an assistant secretary, and delivered to the Trustee. “Corporate Trust Office” means the office of the Trustee in London, England, at which at any particular time its corporate trust business shall be principally administered, which office at the date of execution and delivery of this instrument is located at 160 Queen Victoria Street, London EC4V 4LA, United Kingdom, Attention: Corporate Trust Administration, except that, solely for purposes of Section 305 , 1002 and 1005 hereof, with respect to an office or agency required to be maintained by the Company in each Place of Payment for any series of Securities where Securities of that series may be presented or surrendered for payment, where Securities of that series may be surrendered for registration of transfer or exchange and where notices and demands to or upon the Company in respect of the Securities of that series and this Indenture may be served, and with respect to a Place of Payment in New York, New York, the term “Corporate Trust Office” means, the office or agency of the Trustee in New York, New York at which its corporate trust or agency business shall be principally conducted, which office or agency at the date of execution and delivery of this instrument is located at 240 Greenwich Street, New York, New York 10286, United States; Attention: Corporate Trust Administration, or, in the case of any of the foregoing offices or agency, such other address as the Trustee may designate from time to time by notice to the Company, or the principal corporate trust office of any successor Trustee (or such other address as such successor Trustee may designate from time to time by notice to the Company) and, solely in reference to the Security Registrar, the office of the Security Registrar in Dublin, Ireland, at which at any particular time its corporate trust business shall be principally administered, which office at the date of execution and delivery of this instrument is located at The Shipping Office, 20-26 Sir John Rogerson’s Quay, D02 Y049, Dublin 2, Ireland, Attention: Corporate Trust Administration. 2 “Corporation” means a corporation, association, company, limited liability company, business trust or société anonyme. “Covenant Defeasance” has the meaning set forth in Section 403 . “Defaulted Interest” has the meaning specified in Section 307 . “Depositary” means, with respect to the Securities of any series issuable or issued in whole or in part in the form of one or more Global Securities, the clearing agency registered under the Exchange Act, as amended, specified for that purpose as contemplated by Section 301 . “Discharged” has the meaning set forth in Section 403 . “Electronic Means” means the following communications methods: e-mail, secure electronic transmission containing applicable authorization codes, passwords and/or authentication keys issued by the Trustee, or another method or system specified by the Trustee as available for use in connection with its services hereunder. “Event of Default” has the meaning specified in Section 501 . “Exchange Act” means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and any successor statute, in each case as amended from time to time. “Executive Officer’s Certificate” means a certificate signed by the principal executive officer, principal financial officer or principal accounting officer of the Company or the Guarantor, as the case may be. “EU Legislation Schedule” means the document described as such, then in effect, and published by the Loan Market Association (or any successor person) from time to time at http://www.lma.eu.com/pages.aspx?p=499. “FATCA Withholding” means any withholding or deduction imposed or required pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code (or any amended or successor version that is substantively comparable), any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof, any agreements entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b)(1) of the Code and any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or practices adopted pursuant to any intergovernmental agreement, treaty or convention among Authorities and implementing such Sections of the Code. “Global Security” means a Security bearing the legend required by Section 206 evidencing all or part of a series of Securities, issued to the Depositary for such series or its nominee and registered in the name of the Depositary or its nominee. “Guarantee” means the relevant guarantee of the Guarantor to be granted pursuant to Section 205, the text of which shall be endorsed on any Security authenticated and delivered pursuant to this Indenture. “Guarantor” means the Person named as the “Guarantor” in the first paragraph of this Indenture until a successor corporation shall have become such pursuant to the applicable provisions of this Indenture, and thereafter “Guarantor” shall mean such successor corporation. “Holder” means a Person in whose name a Security is registered in the Security Register. “Indenture” means this instrument as originally executed or as it may from time to time be supplemented or amended by one or more indentures supplemental hereto entered into pursuant to the applicable provisions hereof including, for all purposes of this instrument and any such supplemental indenture, the provisions of the Trust Indenture Act that are deemed to be a part of and govern this instrument and any such supplemental indenture, respectively, and shall include the terms of particular series of Securities established as contemplated by Section 301 . “Interest”, when used with respect to an Original Issue Discount Security which by its terms bears interest only after Maturity, means interest payable after Maturity. “Interest Payment Date”, when used with respect to any Security, means the Stated Maturity of an installment of interest on such Security. “Judgment Currency” has the meaning specified in Section 311 . “Maturity”, when used with respect to any Security, means the date on which the principal of such Security or an installment of principal becomes due and payable as therein or herein provided, whether at the Stated Maturity or by declaration of acceleration, call for redemption or otherwise. 3 “Notice of Default” means a written notice of the kind specified in Section 501(4) . “Officer’s Certificate” means a certificate signed, in the case of either the Company or the Guarantor, by a manager or director thereof, or any other Person duly authorized (either directly or by authorized delegation) in respect thereto, and delivered to the Trustee. Each such Officer’s Certificate shall contain the statements required by Section 314(e) of the Trust Indenture Act if applicable. “Opinion of Counsel” means a written opinion of counsel, who may be an employee of or counsel to the Company or the Guarantor. Each such opinion shall include the statements required by Section 314(e) of the Trust Indenture Act, if applicable. “Original Issue Discount Security” means any Security which provides for an amount less than the principal amount thereof to be due and payable upon a declaration of acceleration of the Maturity thereof pursuant to Section 502 . “Outstanding”, when used with respect to Securities, means, as of the date of determination, all Securities theretofore authenticated and delivered under this Indenture, except: i. Securities theretofore cancelled by the Trustee or delivered to the Trustee for cancellation; ii. Securities for whose payment or redemption money in the necessary amount has been theretofore deposited with the Trustee or any Paying Agent (other than the Company or the Guarantor) in trust or set aside and segregated in trust by the Company or the Guarantor (if the Company or the Guarantor shall act as Paying Agent) for the Holders of such Securities; provided, however, that, if such Securities are to be redeemed, notice of such redemption has been duly given pursuant to this Indenture or provision therefor satisfactory to the Trustee has been made; and iii. Securities which have been paid pursuant to Section 306 or in exchange for or in lieu of which other Securities have been authenticated and delivered pursuant to this Indenture, other than any such Securities in respect of which there shall have been presented to the Trustee proof satisfactory to it that such Securities are held by a bona fide purchaser in whose hands such Securities are valid obligations of the Company; provided , however , that in determining whether the Holders of the requisite principal amount of the Outstanding Securities have given any request, demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent or waiver hereunder, (A) the principal amount of an Original Issue Discount Security that shall be deemed to be Outstanding shall be the amount of the principal thereof that would be due and payable as of the date of such determination upon acceleration of the Maturity thereof pursuant to Section 502 , (B) if, as of such date, the principal amount payable at the Stated Maturity of a Security is not determinable, the principal amount of such Security which shall be deemed to be Outstanding shall be the amount as specified or determined as contemplated by Section 301 , (C) the principal amount of a Security denominated in one or more foreign currencies or currency units shall be the U.S. dollar equivalent, determined in the manner provided as contemplated by Section 301 on the date of original issuance of such Security of the principal amount (or, in the case of a Security described in clause (A) or (B) above, the amount determined pursuant to such Clause) of such Security and (D) Securities owned by the Company, the Guarantor or any other obligor upon the Securities or any Affiliate of the Company or the Guarantor or of such other obligor shall be disregarded and deemed not to be Outstanding, except that, in determining whether the Trustee shall be protected in relying upon any such request, demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent or waiver, only Securities which a Responsible Officer of the Trustee actually knows to be so owned shall be so disregarded. Securities so owned which have been pledged in good faith may be regarded as Outstanding if the pledgee establishes to the satisfaction of the Trustee the pledgee’s right so to act with respect to such Securities and that the pledgee is not the Company, the Guarantor or any other obligor upon the Securities or any Affiliate of the Company, the Guarantor or of such other obligor. “Paying Agent” means any Person (which may include the Company or the Guarantor) authorized by the Company to pay the principal of (and premium, if any) or interest on any Securities on behalf of the Company. “Person” means any individual, corporation, limited liability company, partnership, joint venture, association, company, trust, unincorporated organization or government or any agency or political subdivision thereof. “Place of Payment”, when used with respect to the Securities of any series, means the place or places where the principal of (and premium, if any) and interest on the Securities of that series are payable as specified as contemplated by Section 301 . 4 “Predecessor Security” of any particular Security means every previous Security evidencing all or a portion of the same debt as that evidenced by such particular Security; and, for the purposes of this definition, any Security authenticated and delivered under Section 306 in exchange for or in lieu of a mutilated, destroyed, lost or stolen Security shall be deemed to evidence the same debt as the mutilated, destroyed, lost or stolen Security. “Pursuant to a Board Resolution” means actions or decisions taken pursuant thereto in accordance with, in the case of the Company, the Limited Liability Company Act of the State of Delaware and the Company’s Limited Liability Company Agreement and, in the case of the Guarantor, Article L. 225-35 of the French Commercial Code. “Redemption Date”, when used with respect to any Security to be redeemed, means the date fixed for such redemption by or pursuant to this Indenture. “Redemption Price”, when used with respect to any Security to be redeemed, means the price at which it is to be redeemed pursuant to this Indenture. “Regular Record Date” for the interest payable on any Interest Payment Date on the Securities of any series means the date specified for that purpose as contemplated by Section 301 . “Relevant Resolution Authority” means the resolution authority with the ability to exercise any Powers in relation to The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Dublin Branch. “Required Currency” has the meaning specified in Section 311 . “Responsible Officer” means, when used with respect to the Trustee, any officer of the Trustee assigned to the Corporate Trust Administration Unit (or any successor unit, department or division) of the Trustee located at the Corporate Trust Office of the Trustee who has direct responsibility for the administration of this Indenture, and, for the purposes of Section 512(3) , 601(c)(2) and 602 hereof, shall also include any other officer of the Trustee to whom any corporate trust matter is referred because of such person’s knowledge of and familiarity with the particular subject. “Securities” has the meaning stated in the first recital of this Indenture and more particularly means any Securities that have been issued, authenticated and delivered under this Indenture. “Security Registrar” means the Person named as the “Security Registrar” in the first paragraph of this instrument until a successor Security Registrar shall have become such pursuant to the applicable provisions of this Indenture, and thereafter “Security Registrar” shall mean or include each Person who is a Security Registrar hereunder, and if at any time there is more than one such Person, “Security Registrar”, as used with respect to the Securities of any series, shall mean the Security Registrar with respect to Securities of that series. “Special Record Date” for the payment of any Defaulted Interest means a date fixed by the Trustee pursuant to Section 307 . “Stated Maturity”, when used with respect to any Security or any installment of principal thereof or interest thereon, means the date specified in such Security as the fixed date on which the principal of such Security or such installment of principal or interest is due and payable. “Subsidiary” means any corporation of which at least a majority of the outstanding stock or equity interest having by the terms thereof ordinary voting power to elect a majority of the board of managers or the board of director of such corporation (irrespective of whether or not at the time stock of any other class or classes of such corporation shall have or might have voting power by reason of the happening of any contingency) is at the time directly or indirectly owned or controlled by the Guarantor or by one or more Subsidiaries, or by the Guarantor and one or more Subsidiaries. “Tax” means any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or on behalf of any Authority having power to tax. “Trustee” means the Person named as the “Trustee” in the first paragraph of this instrument until a successor Trustee shall have become such pursuant to the applicable provisions of this Indenture, and thereafter “Trustee” shall mean or include each Person who is a Trustee hereunder, and if at any time there is more than one such Person, “Trustee”, as used with respect to the Securities of any series, shall mean the Trustee with respect to Securities of that series, provided that the Trustee shall not be the Company, the Guarantor or any other obligor upon the Securities or any Affiliate of the Company, the Guarantor or of such other obligor. 5 “Trust Indenture Act” means the Trust Indenture Act of 1939, as amended by the Trust Indenture Reform Act of 1990, and as in force at the date as of which this instrument was executed, and as amended thereafter from time to time. “U.S. Government Obligations” means securities that are (i) direct obligations of the United States of America for the payment of which its full faith and credit is pledged or (ii) obligations of an entity controlled or supervised by and acting as an agency or instrumentality of the United States of America the payment of which is unconditionally guaranteed as a full faith and credit obligation by the United States of America which, in either case under clause (i) or (ii) are not callable or redeemable at the option of the issuer thereof, and shall also include a depository receipt issued by a bank or trust company as custodian with respect to any such U.S. Government Obligation or a specific payment of interest on or principal of any such U.S. Government Obligation held by such custodian for the account of the holder of a depository receipt, provided that (except as required by law) such custodian is not authorized to make any deduction from the amount payable to the holder of such depository receipt from any amount received by the custodian in respect of the U.S. Government Obligation or the specific payment of interest on or principal of the U.S. Government Obligation evidenced by such depository receipt. “Vice President”, when used with respect to the Trustee, means any vice president, whether or not designated by a number or a word or words added before or after the title “vice president”. Section 102. Compliance Certificates and Opinions. Upon any application or request by the Company or the Guarantor to the Trustee to take any action under any provision of this Indenture, the Company or the Guarantor shall furnish to the Trustee such certificates and opinions as may be required under the Trust Indenture Act. Each such certificate or opinion shall be given in the form of an Officer’s Certificate or an Opinion of Counsel and shall comply with the requirements of the Trust Indenture Act and any other requirements set forth in this Indenture. Such an Officer’s Certificate shall state that all conditions precedent, if any, provided for in this Indenture relating to the proposed action have been complied with and such Opinion of Counsel shall state that in the opinion of such counsel all such conditions precedent, if any, have been complied with, except that in the case of any such application or request as to which the furnishing of such documents is specifically required by any other provision of this Indenture relating to such particular application or request, no additional certificate or opinion need be furnished. Every certificate or opinion with respect to compliance with a condition or covenant provided for in this Indenture (other than the certificate provided under Section 1008 ) hereof shall include: (1) a statement that each individual signing such certificate or opinion has read such covenant or condition and the definitions herein relating thereto; (2) a brief statement as to the nature and scope of the examination or investigation upon which the statements or opinions contained in such certificate or opinion are based; (3) a statement that, in the opinion of each such individual, he has made such examination or investigation as is necessary to enable him to express an informed opinion as to whether or not such covenant or condition has been complied with; and (4) a statement as to whether, in the opinion of each such individual, such condition or covenant has been complied with. Section 103. Form of Documents Delivered to Trustee. In any case where several matters are required to be certified by, or covered by an opinion of, any specified Person, it is not necessary that all such matters be certified by, or covered by the opinion of, only one such Person, or that they be so certified or covered by only one document, but one such Person may certify or give an opinion with respect to some matters and one or more other such Persons as to other matters, and any such Person may certify or give an opinion as to such matters in one or several documents. Any certificate or opinion of an officer of the Company or the Guarantor may be based, insofar as it relates to legal matters, upon a certificate or opinion of, or representations by, counsel, unless such officer knows, or in the exercise of reasonable care should know, that the certificate or opinion, or representations with respect to the matters upon which his certificate or opinion is based, are erroneous. Any such certificate or Opinion of Counsel may be based, insofar as it relates to factual matters, upon a certificate or opinion of, or representations by, an officer or officers of the Company or the Guarantor, as the case may be, stating that the information with respect to such factual matters is in the possession of the Company or the Guarantor, as the case may be, unless such counsel knows, or in the exercise of reasonable care should know, that the certificate or opinion or representations with respect to such matters are erroneous. 6 Where any Person is required to make, give or execute two or more applications, requests, consents, certificates, statements, opinions or other instruments under this Indenture, they may, but need not, be consolidated and form one instrument. Section 104. Acts of Holders. (a) Any request, demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent, waiver or other action provided or permitted by this Indenture to be given or taken by Holders may be embodied in and evidenced by one or more instruments of substantially similar tenor signed by such Holders in person or by agent duly appointed in writing; and, except as herein otherwise expressly provided, such action shall become effective when such instrument or instruments are delivered to the Trustee and, where it is hereby expressly required, to the Company and the Guarantor. Such instrument or instruments (and the action embodied therein and evidenced thereby) are herein sometimes referred to as the “Act” of the Holders signing such instrument or instrument. Proof of execution of any such instrument or of a writing appointing any such agent shall be sufficient for any purpose of this Indenture and (subject to Section 601 ) conclusive in favor of the Trustee, the Company and the Guarantor if made in the manner provided in this Section. (b) The fact and date of the execution by any Person of any such instrument or writing may be proved by the affidavit of a witness of such execution or by a certificate of a notary public or other officer authorized by law to take acknowledgments of deeds, certifying that the individual signing such instrument or writing acknowledged to him the execution thereof. Where such execution is by a signer acting in a capacity other than his individual capacity, such certificate or affidavit shall also constitute sufficient proof of his authority. The fact and date of the execution of any such instrument or writing, or the authority of the Person executing the same, may also be proved in any other manner which the Trustee deems sufficient. (c) The ownership of Securities shall be proved by the Security Register. (d) Any request, demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent, waiver or other Act of the Holder of any Security shall bind every future Holder of the same Security and the Holder of every Security issued upon the registration of transfer thereof or in exchange therefor or in lieu thereof in respect of anything done, omitted or suffered to be done by the Trustee, the Company or the Guarantor in reliance thereon, whether or not notation of such action is made upon such Security. (e) Without limiting the foregoing, a Holder entitled hereunder to take any action hereunder with regard to any particular Security may do so with regard to all or any part of the principal amount of such Security or by one or more duly appointed agents each of which may do so pursuant to such appointment with regard to all or any part of such principal amount. Section 105. Notices, Etc., to Trustee, Company and Guarantor. Any request, demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent, waiver or Act of Holders or other document provided or permitted by this Indenture to be made upon, given or furnished to, or filed with, (1) the Trustee or Security Registrar by any Holder, the Company or the Guarantor shall be sufficient for every purpose hereunder if made, given, furnished or filed in writing (including by Electronic Means) to or with the Trustee or Security Registrar, as applicable, at its Corporate Trust Office, or at any other address previously furnished in writing to the Company and the Guarantor, (2) the Company or the Guarantor by the Trustee or by any Holder shall be sufficient for every purpose hereunder (unless otherwise herein expressly provided) if made, given, furnished or filed in writing, in the case of the Company, to or with it, at the address of its principal office specified in the first paragraph of this instrument, Attention: President, or at any other address previously furnished in writing to the Trustee by the Company, with a copy to the Guarantor, and in the case of the Guarantor, to or with it at the address of its office specified in the first paragraph of this instrument, Attention: Group Treasurer, or at any other address previously furnished in writing to the Trustee by the Guarantor, with a copy to the Company, or 7 (3) The Trustee shall have the right to accept and act upon instructions, including funds transfer instructions (“Instructions”) given pursuant to this Indenture and delivered using Electronic Means; provided , however , that the Company and/or the Guarantor, as applicable, shall provide to the Trustee an incumbency certificate listing officers with the authority to provide such Instructions (“Authorized Officers”) and containing specimen signatures of such Authorized Officers, which incumbency certificate shall be amended by the Company and/or the Guarantor, as applicable, whenever a person is to be added or deleted from the listing. If the Company and/or the Guarantor, as applicable, elects to give the Trustee Instructions using Electronic Means and the Trustee in its discretion elects to act upon such Instructions, the Trustee’s understanding of such Instructions shall be deemed controlling. The Company and the Guarantor understand and agree that the Trustee cannot determine the identity of the actual sender of such Instructions and that the Trustee shall conclusively presume that directions that purport to have been sent by an Authorized Officer listed on the incumbency certificate provided to the Trustee have been sent by such Authorized Officer. The Company and the Guarantor shall be responsible for ensuring that only Authorized Officers transmit such Instructions to the Trustee and that the Company, the Guarantor and all Authorized Officers are solely responsible to safeguard the use and confidentiality of applicable user and authorization codes, passwords and/or authentication keys upon receipt by the Company and/or the Guarantor, as applicable. The Trustee shall not be liable for any losses, costs or expenses arising directly or indirectly from the Trustee’s reliance upon and compliance with such Instructions notwithstanding such directions conflict or are inconsistent with a subsequent written instruction. The Company and the Guarantor agree: (i) to assume all risks arising out of the use of Electronic Means to submit Instructions to the Trustee, including without limitation the risk of the Trustee acting on unauthorized Instructions, and the risk of interception and misuse by third parties; (ii) that it is fully informed of the protections and risks associated with the various methods of transmitting Instructions to the Trustee and that there may be more secure methods of transmitting Instructions than the method(s) selected by the Company and/or the Guarantor, as applicable; (iii) that the security procedures (if any) to be followed in connection with its transmission of Instructions provide to it a commercially reasonable degree of protection in light of its particular needs and circumstances; and (iv) to notify the Trustee immediately upon learning of any compromise or unauthorized use of the security procedures. Section 106. Notice to Holders; Waiver. Where this Indenture provides for notice to Holders of any event, such notice shall be sufficiently given (unless otherwise herein expressly provided) if in writing and mailed, postage prepaid, to each Holder affected by such event, at his address as it appears in the Security Register, not later than the latest date (if any), and not earlier than the earliest date (if any), prescribed for the giving of such notice. In any case where notice to Holders is given by mail, neither the failure to mail such notice, nor any defect in any notice so mailed, to any particular Holder shall affect the sufficiency of such notice with respect to other Holders. Where this Indenture provides for notice in any manner, such notice may be waived in writing by the Person entitled to receive such notice, either before or after the event, and such waiver shall be the equivalent of such notice. Waivers of notice by Holders shall be filed with the Trustee, but such filing shall not be a condition precedent to the validity of any action taken in reliance upon such waiver. In case by reason of the suspension of regular mail service or by reason of any other cause it shall be impracticable to give such notice by mail, then such notification as shall be made with the approval of the Trustee shall constitute a sufficient notification for every purpose hereunder. Section 107. Conflict with Trust Indenture Act. If any provision hereof limits, qualifies or conflicts with a provision of the Trust Indenture Act that is required under such Act to be a part of and govern this Indenture, the latter provision shall control. If any provision of this Indenture modifies or excludes any provision of the Trust Indenture Act that may be so modified or excluded, the latter provision shall be deemed to apply to this Indenture as so modified or to be excluded, as the case may be. Section 108. Effect of Headings and Table of Contents. The Article and Section headings herein, the Reconciliation and tie between the Trust Indenture Act and this Indenture and the Table of Contents are for convenience only and shall not affect the construction hereof. Section 109. Successors and Assigns. All covenants and agreements in this Indenture by the Company or the Guarantor shall bind its successors and assigns, whether so expressed or not. 8 Section 110. Separability Clause. In case any provision in this Indenture or in the Securities or in the Guarantee shall be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby. Section 111. Benefits of Indenture. Nothing in this Indenture or in the Securities or in the Guarantee, express or implied, shall give to any Person, other than the parties hereto and their successors hereunder and the Holders, any benefit or any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under this Indenture. Section 112. Governing Law. This Indenture, the Securities and the Guarantee shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, except that the authorization and execution of this Indenture, the Securities and the Guarantee shall be governed by the laws of the respective jurisdictions of organization of the Company and the Guarantor. Section 113. Legal Holidays. In any case where any Interest Payment Date, Redemption Date or Stated Maturity of any Security shall not be a Business Day at any Place of Payment, then (notwithstanding any other provision of this Indenture or of the Securities (other than a provision of the Securities of any series which specifically states that such provision shall apply in lieu of this Section)) payment of interest or principal (and premium, if any) need not be made at such Place of Payment on such date, but may be made on the next succeeding Business Day at such Place of Payment with the same force and effect as if made on the Interest Payment Date or Redemption Date, or at the Stated Maturity, provided that no interest shall accrue on the amount so payable for the period from and after such Interest Payment Date, Redemption Date or Stated Maturity, as the case may be. Section 114. Submission to Jurisdiction. The Company agrees that any legal suit, action or proceeding arising out of or based upon the Indenture or the Securities may be instituted in any state or Federal court in the Borough of Manhattan, The City of New York, New York, United States of America, waives, to the extent it may effectively do so, any objection which it may have now or hereafter to the laying of the venue of any such suit, action or proceeding, and irrevocably submits to the jurisdiction of any such court in any such suit, action or proceeding. The Company has designated and appointed Corporation Service Company (or any successor corporation) as the Company’s authorized agent to accept and acknowledge on its behalf service of any and all process which may be served in any such suit, action or proceeding in any such court and agrees that service of process upon said agent at its office at 19 West 44th Street, Suite 200 New York, NY 10036 (or at such other address in the Borough of Manhattan, The City of New York, as the Company may designate by written notice to the Guarantor and the Trustee) shall be deemed in every respect effective service of process upon the Company in any such suit, action or proceeding and shall be taken and held to be valid personal service upon the Company, whether or not the Company shall then be doing, or at any time shall have done, business within the State of New York, and any such service of process shall be of the same force and validity as if service were made upon it according to the laws governing the validity and requirements of such service in such State, and waives all claim of error by reason of any such service. Said designation and appointment shall be irrevocable until the Indenture shall have been satisfied and discharged in accordance with Article Four . The Company agrees to take all action as may be necessary to continue the designation and appointment of Corporation Service Company or any successor corporation in full force and effect so that the Company shall at all times have an agent for service of process for the above purposes in the Borough of Manhattan, The City of New York, New York, United States of America. The Guarantor agrees that any legal suit, action or proceeding arising out of or based upon the Indenture or the Guarantee may be instituted in any state or Federal court in the Borough of Manhattan, The City of New York, New York, United States of America, waives, to the extent it may effectively do so, any objection which it may have now or hereafter to the laying of the venue of any such suit, action or proceeding, and irrevocably submits to the jurisdiction of any such court in any such suit, action or proceeding. The Guarantor has designated and appointed Corporation Service Company (or any successor corporation) as the Guarantor’s authorized agent to accept and acknowledge on its behalf service of any and all process which may be served in any such suit, action or proceeding in any such court and agrees that service of process upon said agent at its office at 19 West 44th Street, Suite 200 New York, NY 10036 (or at such other address in the Borough of Manhattan, The City of New York, as the Guarantor may designate by written notice to the Company and the Trustee) shall be deemed in every respect effective service of process upon the Guarantor in any such suit, action or proceeding and shall be taken and held to be valid personal service upon the Guarantor, whether or not the Guarantor shall then be doing, or at any time shall have done, business within the State of New York, and any such service of process shall be of the same force and validity as if service were made upon it according to the laws governing the validity and requirements of such service in such State, and waives all claim of error by reason of any such service. Said designation and appointment shall be irrevocable until the Indenture shall have been satisfied and discharged in accordance with Article Four . The Guarantor agrees to take all action as may be necessary to continue the designation and appointment of Corporation Service Company or any successor corporation in full force and effect so that the Guarantor shall at all times have an agent for service of process for the above purposes in the Borough of Manhattan, The City of New York, New York, United States of America. 9 Section 115. Waiver of Jury Trial. EACH OF THE COMPANY, THE GUARANTOR AND THE TRUSTEE, AND EACH HOLDER OF A SECURITY BY ITS ACCEPTANCE THEREOF, HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY AND ALL RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS INDENTURE, THE SECURITIES OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY. Section 116. Contractual Recognition of Powers. Notwithstanding and to the exclusion of any other term of this Indenture or any other agreements, arrangements, or understanding between The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Dublin Branch, the Company and the Guarantor, the Company and the Guarantor acknowledges and accepts that a BRRD Liability arising under this Indenture may be subject to the exercise of Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority, and acknowledges, accepts, and agrees to be bound by: (a) the effect of the exercise of Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority in relation to any BRRD Liability of The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Dublin Branch to the Company and the Guarantor under this agreement, that (without limitation) may include and result in any of the following, or some combination thereof: (i) the reduction of all, or a portion, of the BRRD Liability or outstanding amounts due thereon; (ii) the conversion of all, or a portion, of the BRRD Liability into shares, other securities or other obligations of The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Dublin Branch or another person, and the issue to or conferral on the Company and the Guarantor of such shares, securities or obligations; (iii) the cancellation of the BRRD Liability; (iv) the amendment or alteration of any interest, if applicable, thereon, the maturity or the dates on which any payments are due, including by suspending payment for a temporary period; (b) the variation of the terms of this Indenture, as deemed necessary by the Relevant Resolution Authority, to give effect to the exercise of Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority. Article Two SECURITY AND GUARANTEE FORMS Section 201. Forms Generally. The Securities of each series shall be in substantially the form set forth in this Article, or in such other form as shall be established by or pursuant to a Board Resolution of the Company or in one or more indentures supplemental hereto, in each case with such appropriate insertions, omissions, substitutions and other variations as are required or permitted by this Indenture, and may have such letters, numbers or other marks of identification and such legends or endorsements placed thereon as may be required to comply with the rules of any securities exchange or as may, consistently herewith, be determined by the managers duly authorized thereto executing such Securities, as evidenced by their execution of the Securities. If the form of Securities of any series is established by action taken pursuant to a Board Resolution of the Company, a copy of an appropriate record of such action shall be certified on behalf of the Company by the chief executive officer, chief financial officer, vice president, general counsel, treasurer or an assistant secretary of the Company, and delivered to the Trustee at or prior to the delivery of the Company Order contemplated by Section 303 for the authentication and delivery of such Securities. 10 The text of the Guarantee shall be endorsed on the Securities of each series in substantially the form set forth in Section 205 , or in the form of such other Guarantee as shall be established by or pursuant to a Board Resolution of the Guarantor and/or in one or more indentures supplemental hereto, in each case with such appropriate insertions, omissions, substitutions and other corrections as are required or permitted by this Indenture, and may have such letters, numbers or other marks of identification and such legends or endorsements placed thereon as may be required to comply with the rules of any securities exchange or as may, consistently herewith, be determined by the person duly authorized thereto executing such Securities, all as evidenced by such execution. If the Guarantee, the text of which is to be endorsed on the Securities of any series, is established by action taken pursuant to a Board Resolution of the Guarantor, a copy of an appropriate record of such action shall be certified by the general counsel, a deputy general counsel, the secretary or an assistant secretary of the Guarantor and delivered to the Trustee at or prior to the delivery of the Company Order contemplated by Section 303 for the authentication and delivery of such Securities. The Trustee’s certificates of authentication shall be in substantially the form set forth in this Article. The definitive Securities, including the text of the Guarantee, shall be printed, lithographed or engraved on steel engraved borders or may be produced in any other manner, all as determined by the officers executing such Securities, as evidenced by their execution of such Securities. Section 202. Form of Face of Security. [ Insert any required United Kingdom, French, Canadian or other selling restriction and/or taxation legend. ] TOTALENERGIES CAPITAL USA, LLC [AGGREGATE PRINCIPAL AMOUNT OF THE ISSUANCE] [ %] GUARANTEED [ZERO COUPON] [NOTE] [DEBENTURE] DUE No. [currency ] TOTALENERGIES CAPITAL USA, LLC, a limited liability company organized and existing under the laws of the State of Delaware, having its registered office at 251 Little Falls Drive, Wilmington, County of New Castle, Delaware 19808 (herein called the “Company”, which term includes any successor or substitute corporation under the Indenture hereinafter referred to), for value received, hereby promises to pay to , or registered assigns, the principal sum of [currency] on [ If the Security is to bear interest prior to Maturity, insert —, and to pay interest thereon from or from the most recent Interest Payment Date to which interest has been paid or duly provided for, on and in each year, commencing , at the rate of % per annum, until the principal hereof is paid or made available for payment [ If applicable insert —, and (to the extent that the payment of such interest shall be legally enforceable) at the rate of % per annum on any overdue principal and premium and on any overdue installment of interest]. The interest so payable, and punctually paid or duly provided for, on any Interest Payment Date will, as provided in such Indenture, be paid to the Person in whose name this Security (or one or more Predecessor Securities) is registered at the close of business on the Regular Record Date for such interest, which shall be the or (whether or not a Business Day), as the case may be, next preceding such Interest Payment Date. Any such interest not so punctually paid or duly provided for will forthwith cease to be payable to the Holder on such Regular Record Date and may either be paid to the Person in whose name this Security (or one or more Predecessor Securities) is registered at the close of business on a Special Record Date for the payment of such Defaulted Interest to be fixed by the Trustee, notice whereof shall be given to Holders of Securities of this series not less than 10 days prior to such Special Record Date, or be paid at any time in any other lawful manner not inconsistent with the requirements of any securities exchange on which the Securities of this series may be listed, and upon such notice as may be required by such exchange, all as more fully provided in said Indenture. If any deduction or withholding for any present or future taxes, assessments or other governmental charges of the jurisdiction (or any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein) in which the Company is incorporated, shall at any time be required by such jurisdiction (or any such political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein) in respect of any amounts to be paid by the Company of principal of or interest on a Security of any series, then the Company will pay to the Holder of a Security of such series such additional amounts as may be necessary in order that the net amounts paid to such Holder of such Security, after such deduction or withholding, shall be not less than the amounts specified in such Security to which such Holder is otherwise entitled; provided, however, that the Company shall not be required to make any payment of additional amounts for or on account of: 11 (a) any tax, assessment or other governmental charge imposed by the United States or any political subdivision thereof; (b) any tax, assessment or other governmental charge which would not have been imposed but for (i) the existence of any present or former connection between such Holder (or between a fiduciary, settlor, beneficiary, member or shareholder of, or possessor of a power over, such Holder, if such Holder is an estate, trust, partnership or corporation) and the taxing jurisdiction or any political subdivision or territory or possession thereof or area subject to its jurisdiction, including, without limitation, such Holder (or such fiduciary, settlor, beneficiary, member, shareholder or possessor) being or having been a citizen or resident thereof or being or having been present or engaged in trade or business therein or having or having had a permanent establishment therein or (ii) the presentation of a Security of such series (where presentation is required) for payment on a date more than 30 days after the date on which such payment became due and payable or the date on which payment thereof is duly provided for, whichever occurs later; (c) any estate, inheritance, gift, sale, transfer, personal property or similar tax, assessment or other governmental charge; (d) any tax, assessment or other governmental charge that is payable otherwise than by withholding from payments of (or in respect of) principal of, or any interest on, the Securities of such series; (e) any tax, assessment or other governmental charge that is imposed or withheld by reason of the failure by the Holder or the beneficial owner of the Security of such series (i) to provide information concerning the nationality, residence or identity of the Holder or such beneficial owner or (ii) to make any declaration or other similar claim or satisfy any information or reporting requirements, which, in the case of (i) or (ii), is required or imposed by a statute, treaty, regulation or administrative practice of the taxing jurisdiction as a precondition to exemption from all or part of such tax, assessment or other governmental charge; (f) any tax, assessment or other governmental charge which such Holder would have been able to avoid by presenting such Security to another Paying Agent; (g) any tax, assessment or other governmental charge which is imposed on a payment pursuant to the European Union Directive 2003/48/EC regarding the taxation of savings income or any other directive amending, supplementing or replacing such directive, or any law implementing or complying with, or introduced in order to conform to, such directive or directives; or (h) any combination of items (a) , (b) , (c) , (d) , (e) , (f) and (g) above; nor shall additional amounts be paid with respect to any payment of the principal of, or any interest on, any Security of such series to any Holder who is a fiduciary or partnership or other than the sole beneficial owner of such payment to the extent such payment would be required by the laws of the jurisdiction (or any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein) to be included in the income for tax purposes of a beneficiary or settlor with respect to such fiduciary or a member of such partnership or a beneficial owner who would not have been entitled to such additional amounts had it been the Holder of such Security. Furthermore, any amounts to be paid by the Company or the Guarantor, as the case may be, on the Securities or under the Guarantee will be paid net of any FATCA Withholding. Neither the Company nor the Guarantor will be required to pay additional amounts on account of any FATCA Withholding. The foregoing provisions shall apply mutatis mutandis to any withholding or deduction in respect of any amount to be paid by the Company of principal of or interest on a Security of any series (i) for or on account of any present or future taxes, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature of any jurisdiction in which any successor or substitute Person to the Company is organized, or any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein; or (ii) if another Person merges into or transfers its assets to the Company pursuant to Section 801 , for or on account of any taxes, assessments or governmental charges levied by the jurisdiction in which such other Person is organized, or by any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof, as a result of (x) the Company’s being treated as engaged in a trade or business, or having a permanent establishment, in such jurisdiction and (y) the payment of principal or interest being allocable or attributable to such trade or business or permanent establishment. [ If the Security is not to bear interest prior to Maturity, insert — The principal of this Security shall not bear interest except in the case of a default in payment of principal upon acceleration, upon redemption or at Stated Maturity and in such case the overdue principal of this Security shall bear interest at the rate of % per annum (to the extent that the payment of such interest shall be legally enforceable), which shall accrue from the date of such default in payment to the date payment of such principal has been made or duly provided for. Interest on any overdue principal shall be payable on demand. Any such interest on any overdue principal that is not so paid on demand shall bear interest at the rate of % per annum (to the extent that the payment of such interest shall be legally enforceable), which shall accrue from the date of such demand for payment to the date payment of such interest has been made or duly provided for, and such interest shall also be payable on demand.] 12 Payment of the principal of (and premium, if any) and [ if applicable, insert — any such] interest on this Security will be made at [the office or agency of the Company maintained for that purpose in ][the office of the Paying Agent], [in such coin or currency of the United States of America as at the time of payment is legal tender for payment of public and private debts] [specify other currency] [ if applicable, insert —; provided , however , that at the option of the Company payment of interest may be made by check mailed to the address of the Person entitled thereto as such address shall appear in the Security Register]. Reference is hereby made to the further provisions of this Security set forth on the reverse hereof, which further provisions shall for all purposes have the same effect as if set forth at this place. Unless the certificate of authentication hereon has been executed by the Trustee referred to on the reverse hereof by manual or electronic signature, this Security shall not be entitled to any benefit under the Indenture or be valid or obligatory for any purpose. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this instrument to be duly executed. TOTALENERGIES CAPITAL USA, LLC By [By ] Section 203. Form of Reverse of Security. This Security is one of a duly authorized issue of securities of the Company (herein called the “Securities”), issued and to be issued outside France in one or more series under an Indenture, dated as of January 13, 2026 (herein called the “Indenture”), among the Company, as issuer, TOTALENERGIES SE, as Guarantor (herein called the “Guarantor”), The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch, as Trustee (herein called the “Trustee”, which term includes any successor trustee under the Indenture) and The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Dublin Branch, (the “Security Registrar”), to which Indenture and all indentures supplemental thereto reference is hereby made for a statement of the respective rights, limitation of rights, duties and immunities thereunder of the Company, the Guarantor, the Trustee and the Holders of the Securities and of the terms upon which the Securities are, and are to be, authenticated and delivered. This Security is one of the series designated on the face hereof [, [initially] limited in aggregate principal amount to [currency]]. [ If applicable, insert — The Securities of this series are subject to redemption upon not less than 30 days’ notice by mail, [ if applicable, insert — (1) on in any year commencing with the year and ending with the year through operation of the sinking fund for this series at a Redemption Price equal to 100% of the principal amount, and (2)] at any time [on or after , 20 ], as a whole or in part, at the election of the Company, at the following Redemption Prices (expressed as percentages of the principal amount): If redeemed [on or before , %, and if redeemed] during the 12-month period beginning of the years indicated, and thereafter at a Redemption Price equal to % of the principal amount, together in the case of any such redemption [ if applicable, insert — (whether through operation of the sinking fund or otherwise)] with accrued interest to the Redemption Date, but interest installments whose Stated Maturity is on or prior to such Redemption Date will be payable to the Holders of such Securities, or one or more Predecessor Securities, of record at the close of business on the relevant Record Dates referred to on the face hereof, all as provided in the Indenture.] [ Insert alternative redemption terms ] Redemption Redemption Year Price Year Price [ If applicable insert — The Securities of this series are subject to redemption upon not less than 30 days’ notice by mail, (1) on in any year commencing with the year and ending with the year through operation of the sinking fund for this series at the Redemption Prices for redemption through operation of the sinking fund (expressed as percentages of the principal amount) set forth in the table below, and (2) at any time [on or after ], as a whole or in part, at the election of the Company, at the Redemption Prices for redemption otherwise than through operation of the sinking fund (expressed as percentages of the principal amount) set forth in the table below: If redeemed during the 12-month period beginning of the years indicated, and thereafter at a Redemption Price equal to % of the principal amount, together in the case of any such redemption (whether through operation of the sinking fund or otherwise) with accrued interest to the Redemption Date, but interest installments whose Stated Maturity is on or prior to such Redemption Date will be payable to the Holders of such Securities, or one or more Predecessor Securities, of record at the close of business on the relevant Record Dates referred to on the face hereof, all as provided in the Indenture.] 13 Year Redemption Price For Redemption Through Operation of the Sinking Fund Redemption Price For Redemption Otherwise Than Through Operation of the Sinking Fund [Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company may not, prior to , redeem any Securities of this series as contemplated by [Clause (2) of] the preceding paragraph as a part of, or in anticipation of, any refunding operation by the application, directly or indirectly, of moneys borrowed having an interest cost to the Company (calculated in accordance with generally accepted financial practice) of less than % per annum.] [The sinking fund for this series provides for the redemption on in each year beginning with the year and ending with the year of [not less than] [currency] [(“mandatory sinking fund”) and not more than [currency] ] aggregate principal amount of Securities of this series. [Securities of this series acquired or redeemed by the Company otherwise than through [mandatory] sinking fund payments may be credited against subsequent [mandatory] sinking fund payments otherwise required to be made — in the inverse order in which they become due.] [ If the Security is not an Original Issue Discount Security , — If an Event of Default with respect to Securities of this series shall occur and be continuing, the principal of the Securities of this series may be declared due and payable in the manner and with the effect provided in the Indenture.] [ If the Security is an Original Issue Discount Security , — If an Event of Default with respect to Securities of this series shall occur and be continuing, an amount of principal of the Securities of this series may be declared due and payable in the manner and with the effect provided in the Indenture. Such amount shall be equal to — insert formula for determining the amount . Upon payment (i) of the amount of principal so declared due and payable and (ii) of interest on any overdue principal and overdue interest (in each case to the extent that the payment of such interest shall be legally enforceable), all of the Company’s obligations in respect of the payment of the principal of and interest, if any, on the Securities of this series shall terminate.] In the event of redemption of this Security in part only, a new Security or Securities of this series for the unredeemed portion hereof will be issued in the name of the Holder hereof upon the cancellation hereof. [ If the Security is not subject to redemption , — This Security is not redeemable prior to Stated Maturity [except as permitted under Section 1108 (“Optional Redemption Due to Changes in Tax Treatment”)].] [ Alternatively, — This Security is [also] redeemable prior to Stated Maturity [except as permitted under Section 1108 (“Optional Redemption Due to Changes in Tax Treatment”); the date specified for the Securities of this series, for the purpose of said Section 1108 is ] The Indenture permits, with certain exceptions as therein provided, the amendment thereof and the modification of the rights and obligations of the Company and the Guarantor and the rights of the Holders of the Securities of each series to be affected under the Indenture at any time by the Company, the Guarantor and the Trustee with the consent of the Holders of a majority in principal amount of the Securities at the time Outstanding of each series to be affected. The Indenture also contains provisions permitting the Holders of specified percentages in principal amount of the Securities of each series at the time Outstanding, on behalf of the Holders of all Securities of such series, to waive compliance by the Company or the Guarantor, or both, with certain provisions of the Indenture and certain past defaults under the Indenture and their consequences. Any such consent or waiver by the Holder of this Security shall be conclusive and binding upon such Holder and upon all future Holders of this Security and of any Security issued upon the registration of transfer hereof or in exchange herefor or in lieu hereof, whether or not notation of such consent or waiver is made upon this Security. 14 As provided in and subject to the provisions of the Indenture, the Holder of this Security shall not have the right to institute any proceeding with respect to the Indenture or for the appointment of a receiver or trustee or for any other remedy thereunder, unless such Holder shall have previously given the Trustee written notice of a continuing Event of Default with respect to the Securities of this series, the Holders of not less than 25% in principal amount of the Securities of this series at the time Outstanding shall have made written request to the Trustee to institute proceedings in respect of such Event of Default as Trustee and offered the Trustee reasonable indemnity, and the Trustee shall not have received from the Holders of a majority in principal amount of Securities of this series at the time Outstanding a direction inconsistent with such request, and shall have failed to institute any such proceeding, for 60 days after receipt of such notice, request and offer of indemnity. The foregoing shall not apply to any suit instituted by the Holder of this Security for the enforcement of any payment of principal hereof or any premium or interest hereon on or after the respective due dates expressed or provided for herein. No reference herein to the Indenture and no provision of this Security or of the Indenture shall alter or impair the obligation of the Company, which is absolute and unconditional, to pay the principal of (and premium, if any) and interest on this Security at the times, place and rate, and in the coin or currency, herein prescribed. As provided in the Indenture and subject to certain limitations therein set forth, the transfer of this Security is registrable in the Security Register, upon surrender of this Security for registration of transfer at the office or agency of the Company in any place where the principal of (and premium, if any) and interest on this Security are payable, duly endorsed by, or accompanied by a written instrument of transfer in form satisfactory to the Company and the Security Registrar duly executed by, the Holder hereof or his attorney duly authorized in writing, and thereupon one or more new Securities of this series, of authorized denominations and for the same aggregate principal amount, will be issued to the designated transferee or transferees. The Securities of this series are issuable only in registered form without coupons in denominations of [currency] and any integral multiple thereof. As provided in the Indenture and subject to certain limitations therein set forth, Securities of this series are exchangeable for a like aggregate principal amount of Securities of this series of a different authorized denomination, as requested by the Holder surrendering the same. No service charge shall be made for any such registration of transfer or exchange, but the Company may require payment of a sum sufficient to cover any tax or other governmental charge payable in connection therewith. Prior to due presentment of this Security for registration of transfer, the Company, the Guarantor, the Trustee and any agent of the Company, the Guarantor or the Trustee may treat the Person in whose name this Security is registered as the owner hereof for all purposes (subject to Section 307 of the Indenture), whether or not this Security be overdue, and neither the Company, the Guarantor, the Trustee nor any such agent shall be affected by notice to the contrary. The Indenture provides that the Company and the Guarantor, at the Guarantor’s option, (a) will be discharged from any and all obligations in respect of the Securities (except for certain obligations to register the transfer or exchange of Securities, replace stolen, lost or mutilated Securities, maintain paying agencies and hold moneys for payment in trust) or (b) need not comply with certain restrictive covenants of the Indenture, in each case if the Company or the Guarantor deposits, in trust, with the Trustee money or U.S. Government Obligations which, through the payment of interest thereon and principal thereof in accordance with their terms, will provide money, in an amount sufficient to pay all the principal (including any mandatory sinking fund payments) of, and premium, if any, and interest on, the Securities on the dates such payments are due in accordance with the terms of such Securities and Guarantee, and certain other conditions are satisfied. All terms used in this Security which are defined in the Indenture shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Indenture. Section 204. Form of Trustee’s Certificate of Authentication. This is one of the Securities of the series designated herein referred to in the Indenture. Dated: THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON, LONDON BRANCH as Trustee By: Authorised Signatory 15 Section 205. Guarantee by Guarantor; Text of Guarantee On or prior to the issuance of Securities of any series pursuant to this Indenture, the Guarantor shall grant a Guarantee with respect to such Securities by endorsing on such Securities the text of the Guarantee in substantially the form set forth below, or in the form of such other Guarantee as shall be established by or pursuant to a Board Resolution of the Guarantor and/or in one or more indentures supplemental hereto. When Securities of a series on which the text of the Guarantee is endorsed are executed, authenticated and delivered pursuant to the provisions of Section 303 hereof, the Guarantee shall bind the Guarantor with respect to such Securities. TEXT OF THE GUARANTEE OF TOTALENERGIES SE For value received, TOTALENERGIES SE, a European Company ( societas europaea or SE) duly organized and existing under the laws of the Republic of France (herein called the “Guarantor”, which term includes any successor corporation under the Indenture referred to in the Security upon which this Guarantee is endorsed), hereby unconditionally guarantees to the Holder of the Security upon which this Guarantee is endorsed and to the Trustee referred to in such Indenture due and prompt payment of the principal of (and premium, if any) and interest (including additional amounts with respect to payments by the Guarantor under the Guarantee) on such Security and the due and prompt payment of any sinking fund payments provided for therein, when and as the same shall become due and payable, whether at the Stated Maturity, by declaration of acceleration, call for redemption or otherwise, according to the terms thereof and of the Indenture referred to therein. In case of the failure of TotalEnergies Capital USA, LLC, a limited liability company organized and existing under the laws of the State of Delaware (herein called the “Company”, which term includes any successor corporation under such Indenture) punctually to make any such principal, premium, interest (including additional amounts with respect to payments by the Guarantor under the Guarantee) or sinking fund payment, the Guarantor hereby agrees to cause any such payment to be made promptly when and as the same shall become due and payable, whether at the Stated Maturity, by declaration of acceleration, call for redemption or otherwise, and as if such payment were made by the Company. The Guarantor hereby further agrees, subject to the limitations and exceptions set forth below, that if any deduction or withho

[truncated]