Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 22 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 38 Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 39 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 84 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 84 Item 9B. Other Information 84 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 84 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 85 Item 11. Executive Compensation 88 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 88 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 88 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 88 PART IV Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 89 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 94 Signatures 95 Power of Attorney 96 Table of Contents Safe Harbor Statement The matters discussed in this Annual Report on Form 10-K contain “ statements” within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements, which are not statements of historical fact, contain estimates, assumptions, projections and/or expectations regarding future events, which may or may not occur. Words such as “aim,” “anticipate,” “assume,” “believe,” “continue,” “could,” “estimate,” “expect,” “foresee,” “guidance,” “intend,” “may,” “might,” “objective,” “plan,” “potential,” “project,” “seek,” “shall,” “should,” “target,” “will,” “would,” or variations thereof, and other expressions that refer to future events and trends, identify statements. Our statements, and financial or other business targets, are subject to certain risks and uncertainties, which could cause our actual results to differ materially from the expected results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such statements. We believe that the most significant risk factors that could affect our financial performance in the near term include: (i) the impact on underlying demand for our products from global economic conditions, tariffs, geopolitical uncertainty, and changes in environmental standards, regulations and preferences; (ii) competitors’ actions, including pricing, expansion in key markets, and product offerings; (iii) the cost and availability of raw materials; (iv) the degree to which higher costs can be offset with productivity measures and/or passed on to customers through price increases, without a significant loss of volume; (v) foreign currency fluctuations; and (vi) the execution and integration of acquisitions. Certain risks and uncertainties are discussed in more detail under “Risk Factors” and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Actual results and trends may differ materially from historical or anticipated results depending on a variety of factors, including but not limited to, risks and uncertainties related to the following: • International Operations — worldwide economic, geopolitical, social and labor conditions; changes in geopolitical conditions, including those related to trade relations and tariffs, China, the war, the war and related hostilities in the Middle East; fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates; and other risks associated with international operations, including in emerging markets • Our Business — fluctuations in demand affecting sales to customers; fluctuations in the cost and availability of raw materials and energy; changes in our markets due to competitive conditions, technological developments, laws and regulations, customer preferences; environmental regulations and sustainability trends; the impact of competitive products and pricing; the execution and integration of acquisitions; selling prices; customer and supplier concentrations or consolidations; the financial condition of distributors; outsourced manufacturers; product and service quality claims; restructuring and other cost reduction actions; our ability to generate sustained productivity improvement and our ability to achieve and sustain targeted cost reductions; the timely development and market acceptance of new products, including sustainable or sustainably-sourced products; our investment in development activities and new production facilities; the collection of receivables from customers; and our sustainability and governance practices • Information Technology — disruptions in information technology systems; cyber security events or other security breaches; and successful installation of new or upgraded information technology systems • Income Taxes — fluctuations in tax rates; changes in tax laws and regulations, and uncertainties associated with interpretations of such laws and regulations; outcome of tax audits; and the realization of deferred tax assets • Human Capital — recruitment and retention of employees and collective labor arrangements • Our Indebtedness — our ability to obtain adequate financing arrangements and maintain access to capital; credit rating risks; fluctuations in interest rates; and compliance with our debt covenants • Ownership of Our Stock — potential significant variability of our stock price and amounts of future dividends and share repurchases • Legal and Regulatory Matters — protection and infringement of our intellectual property; the impact of legal and regulatory proceedings, including with respect to compliance and , environmental, health and safety, and trade compliance • Other Financial Matters — fluctuations in pension costs and goodwill impairment Our statements are made only as of February 25, 2026. We assume no duty to update these statements to reflect new, changed or unanticipated events or circumstances, other than as may be required by law. 1 Table of Contents PART I Item 1. BUSINESS Company Background Avery Dennison Corporation (“Avery Dennison” or the “Company” and generally referred to as “we” or “us”) was founded in 1935 and incorporated in Delaware in 1977 as Avery International Corporation, the successor corporation to a California corporation of the same name incorporated in 1946. In 1990, we merged one of our subsidiaries into Dennison Manufacturing Company (“Dennison”), as a result of which Dennison became our subsidiary and in connection with which we changed our name to Avery Dennison Corporation. You can learn more about us by visiting our website at www.averydennison.com. Our website is not intended to function as a hyperlink and the information on our website is not, nor should it be considered, part of this report or incorporated by reference into this report. Business Overview and Reportable Segments We are a global leader in materials science and digital identification solutions. We are Making Possible TM products and solutions that help advance the industries we serve, providing branding and information solutions that optimize labor and supply chain efficiency, reduce waste and mitigate loss, advance sustainability, circularity and transparency, and better connect brands and consumers. We design and develop labeling and functional materials, identification ("RFID") inlays and tags, software applications that connect the physical and digital, and offerings that enhance branded packaging and carry or display information that improves the customer experience. We serve an array of industries worldwide, including home and personal care, apparel, general retail, e-commerce, logistics, food and grocery, pharmaceuticals and automotive. We believe that our exposure to diverse and growing markets, the size and scale of operations, our innovation capabilities, productivity culture, and brand strength are the primary advantages in maintaining and further developing our competitive position. Our reportable segments for fiscal year 2025 were Materials Group and Solutions Group, which comprised approximately 69% and 31%, respectively, of our total net sales. In 2025, international operations constituted a substantial majority of our business, representing approximately 69% of our net sales. As of December 31, 2025, we operated over 200 manufacturing and distribution facilities and had locations in more than 50 countries. Materials Group Our Materials Group is a leading global provider to the label and graphics industries. Our innovative products include label materials, graphics and reflective materials and functional bonding materials, like tapes. Our label materials enhance brands' shelf appeal, inform shoppers, advance circularity, increase transparency and improve operational supply chain efficiency. Our graphics portfolio offers highly engineered products ranging from vehicle wraps to architectural films. Our tapes portfolio includes bonding and functional materials for applications in various industry sectors such as automotive, building and construction and electronics. We leverage the group's materials science capabilities and process engineering expertise to drive further intelligent label adoption through our converter channel access. Our Materials Group manufactures and sells Fasson ® -, JAC ® -, and Avery Dennison ® -brand label materials and performance tapes products, Avery Dennison ® - and Mactac ® -brand graphics, and Avery Dennison ® -brand reflective products. Materials Group’s business tends not to be seasonal, except for certain outdoor graphics, building and construction, and reflective products. materials consist primarily of papers, plastic films and metal foils, which are coated with and purchased adhesives, and then laminated with backing papers and films. They are then sold in roll or sheet form with either solid or patterned adhesive coatings in a wide range of face materials, sizes, thicknesses and adhesive properties. A , or , material is one that adheres to a surface by contact. It generally consists of four layers: a face material, which may be paper, metal foil or plastic film; an adhesive, which may be permanent or removable; a release coating; and a backing material to protect the adhesive from premature contact with other surfaces that can also serve as a carrier for supporting and dispensing individual labels. When the products are ready for use, the release coating and protective backing are removed, exposing the adhesive so that the label or other face material may be pressed or rolled into place. Because they are easy to apply without the need for adhesive activation, materials can provide cost savings compared to other materials that require heat- or adhesives, while also offering aesthetic and other advantages over alternative technologies. 2 Table of Contents Label materials are sold worldwide to converters for labeling, decorating and specialty applications in the food, home and personal care, beer and beverage, durables, pharmaceutical, wine and spirits and logistics market segments. When used in package decoration applications, the visual appeal of materials can help increase sales of the products on which the materials are applied. materials are also used to convey variable information through various digital triggers, including bar codes, quick response ("QR") codes and RFID inlays, for applications such as shipping labels and weight and price information for packaged meats and other foods. materials provide consistent and versatile adhesion and are available in a large selection of materials, which can be made into labels of varying sizes and shapes. Our graphics and reflective products include a variety of films and other products that are sold to the architectural, commercial sign, digital printing and related market segments. We also sell durable cast and reflective films to the construction, automotive and fleet transportation market segments and reflective films for traffic and safety applications. We provide sign shops, commercial printers and designers a broad range of materials that allow them to create impactful and informative brand and decorative graphics. We offer a wide array of vinyl and specialty materials designed for digital imaging, screen printing and sign cutting applications. Our performance tapes products include a variety of Fasson ® -brand and Avery Dennison ® -brand tapes and other materials and converted products, mechanical fasteners and performance polymers. Our materials are available in roll form and in a wide range of face materials, sizes, thicknesses and adhesive properties. These materials and converted products are used in fastening, bonding and sealing systems for various automotive, electronics, building and construction, general industrial, personal care, and medical applications. The mechanical fasteners are primarily and plastic devices used in various automotive, general industrial and retail applications. Our larger competitors in label materials include UPM Adhesive Materials, a subsidiary of UPM Corporation; Fedrigoni ; Lintec Corporation; Flexcon Corporation, Inc.; and an array of smaller regional and local companies. For graphics and reflective products, our largest competitors are 3M Company (“3M”) and the Orafol Group. For performance tapes products, our competitors include 3M; , a subsidiary of Beiersdorf AG; Nitto Denko Corporation; and numerous regional and specialty suppliers. For fastener products, there is a variety of competitors supplying extruded and injection molded fasteners and fastener attaching equipment. We believe that entry of competitors into the field of adhesives and materials is limited by technical knowledge and capital requirements. We believe that our technical expertise, size and scale of operations, broad line of quality products, reliable service, product and process innovation, distribution capabilities and brand strength are the primary advantages in maintaining and further developing our competitive position. Solutions Group Our Solutions Group is a leading provider of information and branding solutions that cover worldwide marketplace needs ranging from digital identification and data management to branding and embellishment, productivity, pricing and retail media. Our RFID solutions empower customers across multiple retail and industry segments, including apparel, logistics, food and grocery, and general retail, to connect the physical and digital worlds by enabling a digital identity and life for physical items. The branding solutions of the Solutions Group include brand embellishments, graphic tickets, tags, and labels, and sustainable packaging. Solutions Group’s information solutions include RFID solutions; visibility and loss prevention solutions; price ticketing and marking; care, content, and country of origin compliance solutions; brand protection and security solutions; and Vestcom ® -brand productivity and media solutions. In the Solutions Group, our primary competitors include Checkpoint Systems, Inc., a subsidiary of CCL Industries Inc.; R-pac International Corporation; SML Group Limited; Arizon RFID Technology Cayman Co Ltd; and Tageos SAS, a subsidiary of Fedrigoni Group. We believe that our product, process and solution innovation, global distribution network, reliable service, product quality and consistency, and ability to serve customers consistently with comprehensive solutions close to where they manufacture, source and sell are the key advantages in maintaining and further developing our competitive position. Research, Development and Innovation As a global leader in materials science, we innovate to develop and introduce new products and solutions that help customers solve some of the most complex problems in the industries we serve. These include optimizing and labor efficiency, reducing waste and mitigating loss, advancing sustainability, circularity and transparency, and helping brands and consumers to better connect. With decades of experience and deep expertise in materials science, engineering, and process technology, we continuously innovate to anticipate market needs, address customer challenges and unlock new opportunities. 3 Table of Contents Our vision is to leverage the strengths of our Materials and Solutions groups to drive growth by delivering leading solutions at the intersection of the physical and digital worlds. Our decades of experience creating solutions for customers and our deep expertise enable us to bring innovative solutions to the industries we serve. Our innovation efforts focus on anticipating market and customer challenges and opportunities, and applying technology to address them. Our investment in innovation aims to accelerate growth by developing new products and solutions, expand margins through material , and enable customer success by leveraging scalable innovation platforms and delivering sustainability initiatives and advanced technologies. Many of our new products result from our research and development efforts. These efforts are directed primarily toward developing products, solutions and operating techniques and improving productivity, sustainability and product performance, often in close association with our customers or end users. These efforts provide intellectual property that leverages our research and development relating to materials science, such as adhesives, films, inks and release liners, and process engineering technology, such as coating, laminating and printing technologies in Materials Group. We focus on research projects related to RFID, external embellishments, data and digital solutions and printing technologies in Solutions Group. We have and license a number of patents in both of our reportable segments. Additionally, our research and development efforts include sustainable innovation and design of products that advance the circular economy, reduce materials and waste, use recycled content, and extend product or enable product recycling. Acquisitions and Venture Investments In addition to our investments to support organic growth, we have pursued complementary and synergistic acquisitions. In 2025, we acquired W.F. Taylor Holdings, Inc. ("Taylor Adhesives"), a flooring adhesives business. The aggregate purchase consideration for this acquisition was approximately $390 million. Additionally, during 2025, we made venture investments in five companies developing technological solutions that we believe have the potential to advance our businesses. For information regarding our acquisitions, see Note 2, “Business Acquisitions,” in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. For information regarding our venture investments, see Note 9, “Fair Value Measurements,” in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. Patents, Trademarks and Licenses The loss of individual patents or licenses would not be material to us taken as a whole, nor to our operating segments individually. Our principal trademarks are Avery Dennison, our logo, and Fasson. We believe these trademarks are strong in the market segments in which we operate. Human Capital Resources Our Global Workforce With approximately 69% of our 2025 net sales originating outside the U.S. and approximately 40% of our net sales originating in emerging markets (Latin America, Eastern Europe, Middle East/Northern Africa, and most countries in Asia Pacific), our employees are located in more than 50 countries to best serve our customers. Approximately 83% of our employees at 2025 were located outside the U.S. and approximately 67% were located in emerging markets. The charts below show our global employee population by region and operational function. Nearly 20,000 of our approximately 35,000 employees at 2025, representing approximately 58% of our global workforce, were in Asia Pacific, serving our customers in that region. At that time, approximately 71% of our global workforce worked in the operations of our manufacturing facilities or in positions directly supporting them from other locations. Workforce by Region Asia Pacific 58 % North America 22 Europe 17 Latin America 3 Workforce by Function (1) Operations 71 % 29 (1) Reflects reclassification in 2025 of approximately 2,500 employees from to Operations compared to prior year. 4 Table of Contents Talent & Development We believe that attracting, developing and retaining talent is critical to our ability to continue delivering sustainable growth. We provide ongoing support and professional development resources to our team members worldwide to ensure that their skills evolve with our business needs, industry trends and human capital management best practices, as well as enable increased productivity, peak performance and career growth. We have strong talent review and succession planning processes that provide targeted development opportunities for our team members. We emphasize development and coaching, and also provide facilitator-led and online training, leadership opportunities to execute special projects and, in some cases, , or work assignments. Our enterprise competency model represents our global standard for the leadership skills and behaviors that we develop in our employees so we can achieve our vision. This model, which establishes clear expectations that align with our values and strategies and increases fairness, consistency and transparency in how we hire/select, promote, develop and reward our talent, was embedded into key talent processes and practices in 2025, including performance management, development and learning. Compensation & Benefits Our total rewards philosophy is to offer , competitive wages and benefits in the markets where we operate. All of our employees were paid at least the applicable legal minimum wage, and over 98% of our employees were paid above the applicable legal minimum wage, at 2025. Pay is generally positioned around the market median, with variances largely based on knowledge, skills, years of experience and consistent with our philosophy. In addition to base wages, our compensation and benefit programs — which vary by region, country and business unit — include incentives (generally paid in cash), incentives (e.g., cash- or awards), employee benefit and retirement plans, healthcare and insurance benefits, health savings and flexible spending accounts, paid time off, leave of absence benefits, and employee assistance programs. We offer the opportunity for flexible work arrangements for certain of our workforce to provide them with flexibility to balance their work and personal commitments, while ensuring that we meet the needs of our business. Our information technology infrastructure, information security protocols and digital tools support employee efficiency and effectiveness wherever they work. Pay equity is an important part of our global pay planning and practices. Each year, we engage an independent third party to evaluate internal pay equity, making pay adjustments where appropriate. In 2025, we reviewed pay, including base, annual, and incentives. We continue to enhance our manager education, tools and processes to provide fair and equitable pay. Employee Engagement A highly engaged workforce not only allows us to attract and retain talent but also translates directly into better business outcomes that benefit all our stakeholders. Because we believe that an engaged workforce promotes retention and minimizes employee turnover, we annually conduct a global employee experience survey, which in 2025 leveraged for the third year a modernized platform and process, providing access to results, improved analytics and ability to connect data throughout the employee experience, more meaningful comparisons to external benchmarks, and ongoing pulse survey capability. Our business and functional teams use the anonymized results of this survey to identify potential opportunities for improvement, implementing action plans as appropriate. While employee engagement is the result of many factors, we believe our strong, encouraging and open leadership, as well as our continued efforts to foster a collaborative, supportive culture, has led to strong workforce engagement. Workforce Health & Safety Safety is one of our highest priorities, and we work to ensure our manufacturing facilities, distribution centers and administrative offices focus on safety, so that anyone working in or visiting one of our locations feels and remains safe from injury. Our global Recordable Incident Rate of 0.17 in 2025 was significantly lower than the Occupational Safety and Health Administration manufacturing industry average of 2.7 in 2024 (the most recent available industry average). Workplace Culture We believe our talent is one of our greatest competitive advantages. We are dedicated to strengthening our , culture—an environment grounded in fairness that provides our team members opportunities to thrive. By fostering a workplace that embraces a mix of skills, experiences and backgrounds, we empower our employees to be increasingly productive, innovative and engaged. 5 Table of Contents Manufacturing and Environmental Matters We use various raw materials — primarily paper, plastic films and resins, as well as specialty chemicals purchased from various commercial and industrial sources — that can be subject to significant price fluctuations. Although shortages can occur from time to time, these raw materials are generally available. We produce the majority of our materials using emulsion and adhesive technologies. A portion of our manufacturing process for materials utilizes organic solvents, which, unless controlled, could be emitted into the atmosphere or contaminate soil or groundwater. Emissions from these operations contain small amounts of volatile organic compounds, which are regulated by federal, state, local and foreign governments. In connection with the maintenance and acquisition of certain manufacturing equipment, we invest in solvent capture and control units to assist in regulating these emissions. We have developed adhesives and adhesive processing systems that minimize the use of solvents. Emulsion adhesives, adhesives, and solventless and emulsion silicone systems have been installed in many of our facilities. Based on current information, we do not believe that the cost of complying with applicable laws regulating the emission or discharge of materials into the environment, or otherwise relating to the protection of the environment, will have a material effect upon our capital expenditures, financial position, results of operations or competitive position. For information regarding our potential responsibility for cleanup costs at certain hazardous waste sites, see Note 8, “Contingencies,” in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. Available Information Our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed with, or furnished to, the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), are available free of charge on our investor website at www.investors.averydennison.com as soon as reasonably practicable after they are electronically filed with or furnished to the SEC. This website address is not intended to function as a hyperlink and the information located there is not, nor should it be considered, part of this report or incorporated by reference into this report. We also make available on the investors section of our website under "Governance Documents" the following documents as currently in effect: (i) Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as amended; (ii) Amended and Restated Bylaws; (iii) Corporate Governance Guidelines; (iv) Code of Conduct, which applies to our directors, officers and employees; (v) Code of Ethics for our Chief Executive Officer and Senior Financial Officers; (vi) charters of the Audit, Talent and Compensation, Governance, Cybersecurity, and Finance Committees of our Board of Directors; and (vii) Audit Committee Complaint Procedures for Accounting and Auditing Matters. These documents are also available free of charge upon written request to our Corporate Secretary, Avery Dennison Corporation, 8080 Norton Parkway, Mentor, Ohio 44060. Reports filed with or furnished to the SEC may be viewed at www.sec.gov. 6 Table of Contents Item 1A. RISK FACTORS The risk factors described in this section could materially adversely affect our business, including our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition, and cause the value of our securities to decline. This list of risks is not exhaustive. Our ability to attain our goals and objectives is dependent on numerous factors and risks, including, but not limited to, the most significant ones described in this section. Risk Related to Our International Operations The demand for our products is impacted by the effects of, and changes in, worldwide economic, geopolitical, social and labor conditions, which have had in the past and could in the future have a material adverse effect on our business. We have operations in more than 50 countries and our domestic and international operations are strongly influenced by matters beyond our control, including changes in economic, geopolitical, social and labor conditions, tax laws, and U.S. and international trade regulations (including tariffs), as well as the impact these changes have on demand for our products. In 2025, approximately 69% of our net sales originated outside the U.S. Macroeconomic developments such as impacts from slower growth in the geographic regions in which we operate; inflation resulting from, among other things, increased raw material, energy and freight costs; labor shortages; geopolitical, social, supply chain and other disruptions; epidemics, pandemics or other outbreaks of illness, disease or virus; and uncertainty in global credit or financial markets could result in a material adverse effect on our business as a result of, among other things, lower consumer spending, fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, reduced asset valuations, diminished liquidity and credit availability, volatility in securities prices, and credit rating downgrades. uncertainty remains elevated between the U.S. and other regions and countries, including Canada, Mexico, China, India and the European Union. In 2025, the U.S. implemented a 10% global baseline tariff rate on nearly all imports, with higher rates on certain goods. Additionally, it applied significant tariffs on goods from Canada, Mexico, China and the European Union, each of which announced reciprocal tariffs. The amount of these tariffs or the classes of goods on which they are applied continues to evolve and could significantly change. The U.S. government continues to negotiate with countries regarding the tariffs. In July 2025, the U.S. and the European Union agreed to a framework for a trade deal that included a baseline tariff rate of 15% on most goods imported from the European Union into the U.S. While the direct impacts on our operations after our mitigating actions have not been significant, our business could be materially adversely impacted by changes in U.S. and .S. trade policies, including potential modifications to existing trade agreements and additional tariffs or other restrictions on free trade, impacting our raw materials or finished products. The indirect impact on demand for our products and solutions as a result of these events, which have resulted in softer consumer volumes, continues to be uncertain and elevated. We estimate that the indirect impact of tariffs resulted in an aggregate low single digit rate decrease in sales in our overall apparel categories over the second, third and fourth quarters of 2025. On February 20, 2026, the U.S. Supreme Court issued a decision holding that the International Emergency Economic Powers Act does not authorize the President to impose tariffs. While this may provide immediate relief from these specific duties, there will likely be a period of trade policy instability. Further developments in international trade relations, including increased deglobalization, could have a material adverse effect on our business. In addition, business and operational disruptions or delays caused by geopolitical, social or economic instability and unrest – such as recent civil, political and economic disturbances in Syria, Yemen, Iran, Turkey, North Korea, and Bangladesh and the related impact on global stability, the war, the war, the U.S.'s engagement in Venezuela, terrorist attacks and the potential for other hostilities or natural disasters in various parts of the world – could have a material adverse effect on our business. Since the war began in 2022, we have maintained our position of not shipping products to the Russian market. The impact of the continuing war, as well as any further retaliatory actions taken by Russia, the U.S., the European Union and other jurisdictions, is unknown and could have a material adverse effect on our business. In addition, our sales in Israel have not recovered since the beginning of the war in late 2023, with sales representing less than 1% of our total net sales in 2025. The continued impact of this war and any related hostilities in the Middle East region or elsewhere is unknown and could have a material adverse effect on our business. We are not able to predict the duration and severity of adverse economic, geopolitical, social, or labor conditions in the U.S. or other countries. Foreign currency exchange rates, and fluctuations in those rates, affect our business. The majority of our net sales in 2025 was denominated in foreign currencies. Our financial results are therefore subject to the impact of currency translation, which may be material. Overall, our foreign currency transaction exposure is largely mitigated because the costs of our products are generally denominated in the same currencies in which they are sold. 7 Table of Contents Fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, such as the unfavorable impacts associated with the Indian rupee and Brazilian real and favorable impacts associated with the euro in 2025, may result in a variety of negative effects, including lower net sales, increased costs, lower gross margins, increased allowance for credit losses and/or of accounts receivable, and required recognition of impairments of capitalized assets, including goodwill and other intangible assets. Foreign currency translation increased our 2025 net sales by approximately $29 million compared to the prior year. We monitor our foreign currency exposures and sometimes use hedging instruments to mitigate some of our transactional exposure to changes in foreign currencies. The effectiveness of our hedges in part depends on our ability to accurately forecast our future cash flows, which is particularly difficult during periods of uncertain demand for our products and services and volatile foreign currency exchange rates. Our hedging activities may offset only a portion, or none at all, of the material adverse financial effects of unfavorable movements in foreign currency exchange rates over the limited time the hedges are in place and we may incur significant losses from these activities. Our operations and activities outside of the U.S. subject us to risks different from and potentially greater than those associated with our domestic operations. A substantial portion of our employees and assets are located outside of the U.S. and, in 2025, approximately 69% of our net sales were generated outside of the U.S. International operations and activities involve risks that are different from and potentially greater than the risks we face in our domestic operations, including changes in foreign geopolitical, regulatory and economic conditions, whether nationally, regionally or locally; changes in foreign currency exchange rates; differing levels of inflation; reduced protection of intellectual property rights; laws and regulations impacting our ability to repatriate foreign earnings; challenges complying with foreign laws and regulations, including those relating to sales, operations, taxes, employment and legal proceedings; establishing effective controls and procedures to monitor compliance with U.S. laws and regulations; differences in lending practices; and challenges with complying with applicable export and import control laws and regulations. Our strategy includes continuing to grow in emerging markets, which exposes us to less stable geopolitical conditions, civil unrest, economic volatility, and other risks applicable to operating in these regions. Approximately 40% of our net sales in 2025 originated in emerging markets. The profitable growth of our business in emerging markets is an important part of our growth strategy and our regional results have and can fluctuate significantly based on their economic conditions and other events that occur more frequently in these markets and can significantly and adversely impact our operations (such as power outages, civil unrest or other hostilities, and labor stoppages). Our business operations have been and may continue to be adversely affected by the current and future political environment in China, both relating to changes in laws and regulations or the interpretation thereof, as well as a result of its response to tariffs by the U.S. government on goods imported from China, tariffs by China on U.S. goods, the increasing use of economic sanctions and export control restrictions, and tensions related to Hong Kong and Taiwan. If we are unable to successfully expand our business in emerging markets or achieve the return on capital we expect from our investments in these countries, our financial performance would be materially adversely affected. In addition to the risks applicable to our international operations, factors that have negatively impacted our operations in emerging markets from time to time include the less established or reliable legal systems and possible disruptions due to unstable geopolitical conditions, civil unrest or economic volatility. These factors can have a material adverse effect on our business in the affected markets by decreasing consumer purchasing power, reducing demand for our products or increasing our costs. Risks Related to Our Business As a manufacturer, our sales and profitability depend upon the availability and cost of raw materials and energy, which may be subject to significant price fluctuations, and our ability to control or offset increases in raw material and labor costs. Raw material and freight cost increases have impacted our business. Raw materials represent a significant portion of our costs and a critical factor in our profitability. The markets for the raw materials used in our businesses can be volatile, impacting availability and pricing. Additionally, energy costs can be volatile and unpredictable. Shortages and inflationary or other increases in the costs of raw materials, labor, freight and energy have occurred in the past, and could recur. In past years, we implemented targeted price increases in our Materials Group reportable segment to address raw material inflation; more recently, we implemented price reductions as a result of lower raw material costs. If we experience inflationary headwinds in the future, we may implement similar pricing actions. Our performance depends in part on our ability to offset increased raw material costs by raising our selling prices or our products. It is also important for us to obtain timely delivery of materials, equipment and other resources from suppliers, and to make timely delivery to customers. We may experience supply chain disruptions due to natural and other disasters or other events, or our existing relationships with suppliers could deteriorate or end in the future. While we undertake business continuity planning and take actions to mitigate these disruptions when they occur, such as sourcing from other regions or suppliers, any disruption in our supply chain could negatively impact our sales and profitability, and any sustained inability to obtain adequate supplies could have a material adverse effect on our business. 8 Table of Contents We are affected by changes in our markets due to competitive conditions, technological developments, laws and regulations, and customer preferences. If we do not compete effectively or respond appropriately to these changes, it could reduce demand for our products and solutions, or we could lose market share or reduce our selling prices to maintain market share, any of which could materially adversely affect our business. Growing the proportion of our portfolio in categories that serve markets that are growing faster than gross domestic product, represent large pools of potential profit and leverage our core capabilities is an important part of our growth strategy. products and solutions include our specialty and durable label materials, graphics and reflective solutions, industrial and medical tapes, and trade and specialty adhesives; intelligent labels that use RFID tags and inlays; pricing, productivity and consumer engagement solutions; and external embellishments. We face the risk that existing or new competitors, which include some of our customers, distributors and suppliers, will expand in our key market segments or develop new technologies, including in categories, enhancing their competitive position relative to ours. Competitors also may be able to offer products, services, lower prices or other incentives that we cannot or that, to maintain profitability, we may not be able to offer. There can be no assurance that we will be able to compete successfully against current or future competitors or new technologies. We are also exposed to changes in customer order patterns, such as changes in the levels of inventory maintained by customers and the timing of customer purchases and new intelligent label program rollouts, which are affected by announced pricing actions, changes in our customer incentive programs, our customers' ability to achieve incentive targets, as well as changes in trade policy. Changes in customers’ preferences for our products can also decrease demand for our products and have a material adverse effect on our business. In our Solutions Group reportable segment, sales in our overall apparel categories declined in 2025 as a result of uncertainty. In our Materials Group reportable segment, as supply chain constraints eased in 2022, customers increased inventory levels following a period of reduced availability. In the fourth quarter of 2022, inventories downstream from our company began to unwind swiftly, resulting in lower demand. This continued in 2023, with volume improving sequentially throughout that year and normalizing in 2024. We are affected by changes in our markets due to increasing environmental regulations and sustainability trends. If we do not respond appropriately to these changes, it could negatively impact customer demand, our market share and pricing, any of which could materially adversely affect our business. Adverse weather conditions and natural disasters, including those related to the impacts of climate change, have and can adversely affect our business. A substantial amount of our label materials is sold for use in packaging in the food, beverage, and home and personal care market segments. In recent years, there has been an accelerated focus on sustainability and transparency in sustainability reporting, with greater concern regarding climate change and plastics, corporate commitments and increasing stakeholder expectations regarding the reuse and recyclability of plastic packaging and recycled content, and increased regulation in multiple geographies regarding the collection, recycling and use of recycled content. Changes in consumer preferences, laws and regulations related to the use of raw materials and extended producer responsibility rules focused on the of products, particularly in Europe and certain states in the United States, present the risk of reduced demand for certain of our products if customers seek decoration technology alternatives to labeling, but also the opportunity for increased demand for our more sustainable products, a significant focus of our research and development and related innovation efforts. We have established strategic innovation platforms and priorities focused, among other things, on delivering products and solutions that advance the circular economy, reduce supply chain waste and address the need for increased recyclability of packaging. We have made substantial investments in our sustainability-driven products, but there can be no assurance that they will be successful, and a significant reduction in the use of packaging could materially adversely affect demand for our products. Changes in sustainability-focused regulation present a risk to our business. In February 2026, the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency rescinded its 2009 Greenhouse Gas Endangerment Finding, which served as the foundation for various regulations of GHG emissions. Conversely, while currently in a state of flux, reporting requirements such as the European Union's Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive, which will impose additional disclosure requirements for our company beginning in 2028 (based on 2027 data), and the state of California’s climate reporting requirements are expected to increase the amount of sustainability data we are required to generate, audit, verify through and disclose. Developments in regulatory actions regarding these matters are likely to continue and may require conflicting responses, which could divert the attention of management. In addition, costs to comply with these regulations are likely to grow and any failure to meet the requirements of these regulations could result in fines or other penalties. The scientific consensus is that emissions of greenhouse gases (“GHG”) are altering our atmosphere in ways that are adversely affecting global climate. There is continuing concern from members of the scientific community and the general public that GHG emissions and other human activities will continue causing significant changes in weather patterns and increase the frequency or severity of extreme weather events, including droughts, wildfires and flooding. These types of extreme weather events have and may continue to adversely impact us, our suppliers and our customers, including their ability to purchase our products and our ability to timely receive appropriate raw materials to manufacture and transport our products on a timely basis. The extent of the impact of climate change on our business is uncertain, as it will depend on the limits imposed by, and timing of, new or stricter laws and regulations, more stringent environmental standards and expectations, and evolving customer and consumer preferences, but it is likely to increase our costs and could have a material adverse effect on our business. After partnering with a expert to assess our disclosures against the recommendations regarding the information that companies should disclose to allow their stakeholders to assess and price 9 Table of Contents their risks, we have preliminarily aligned our reporting with Financial Stability Board’s Task Force on Financial Disclosures requirements. Concern regarding climate change has also led and is likely to continue leading to increasing demands by legislators and regulators, customers, consumers, investors, employees and organizations for companies to reduce their GHG emissions. We exceeded our 2025 sustainability goal to achieve a 26% absolute cumulative reduction in our GHG emissions from our 2015 baseline, delivering an absolute cumulative reduction of approximately 60%. As part of our more ambitious 2030 sustainability goals, we are aiming by 2030 to reduce our Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions by 70% compared to our 2015 baseline and work with our supply chain to reduce Scope 3 GHG emissions. We could face risks to our reputation, investor confidence and market share if we are unable to continue reducing our GHG emissions at levels satisfactory to our stakeholders. We have recently acquired companies and are likely to acquire other companies. Acquisitions come with significant risks and uncertainties, including those related to integration, technology and employees. To drive our strategies to increase the proportion of our business from categories, enhance our portfolio by growing our existing businesses and expanding into new areas, and accelerate innovation, we have made acquisitions and are likely to continue acquiring companies. In 2025, we acquired Taylor Adhesives for purchase consideration of approximately $390 million. The success of any acquisition depends on the ability of the combined company to realize the anticipated benefits from combining our businesses. Realizing these benefits depends, in part, on maintaining adequate focus on executing the business strategies of the combined company as well as the successful integration of assets, operations, functions and personnel. We continue to evaluate acquisition targets and ensure we have a pipeline of potential opportunities. Various risks, uncertainties and costs are associated with acquisitions. Effective integration of systems, controls, employees, product lines, market segments, customers, suppliers and production facilities and cost savings can be difficult to achieve and the success of integration activities can be uncertain. While we have not experienced significant issues with our recent acquisitions, if management of our combined company is unable to minimize the potential disruption of the combined company’s ongoing business during the integration process, the anticipated benefits of any acquisition may not be fully realized. In addition, the inability to successfully manage the implementation of appropriate systems, policies, benefits and compliance programs for the combined company could have a material adverse effect on our business. We may not be able to retain key employees of an acquired company or achieve the projected performance targets for the business into which an acquired company is integrated. Both before and after the closing of an acquisition, our business and that of the acquired company may suffer due to uncertainty or diversion of management attention. Future acquisitions could result in increased debt, dilution, liabilities, interest expense, restructuring charges and amortization expenses related to intangible assets. There can be no assurance that acquisitions will be successful, contribute to our profitability or drive accretive returns. Further, we may not be able to identify additional acquisition targets that can advance our strategies or be able to successfully execute additional acquisitions in the future. A significant consolidation of our customer base could negatively impact our business. A significant consolidation of our customer base could negatively impact our business. In 2025, no single customer represented 10% or more of our net sales, with our customer base highly fragmented. In recent years, some of the converter customers served by our Materials Group reportable segment have consolidated and integrated vertically and some of our largest customers have acquired companies with similar or complementary product lines. Industry consolidation could continue to increase the concentration of our business with our largest customers. Further consolidation may increase pressure from customers for us to lower our selling prices. While we have been generally successful at managing customer consolidations in the past, increased pricing pressures from our customers could have a material adverse effect on our business. Because some of our products are sold by third parties, our business depends in part on the financial condition of these parties and their customers. Some of our products are sold by distributors. Some of our distributors also market products that compete with our products. Changes in the financial or business conditions, including economic weakness, market trends or industry consolidation, or the purchasing decisions of these distributors or their customers, could materially adversely affect our business. Our reputation, sales, and earnings could be materially adversely affected if the quality of our products and services does not meet customer expectations. In addition, product liability claims or regulatory actions could materially adversely affect our business and reputation. There are times when we experience product quality issues resulting from defective materials, manufacturing, packaging or design. These issues are often discovered before shipping, causing delays in shipping, delays in the manufacturing process, or, occasionally, cancelled orders. When issues are discovered after shipment, they may result in additional shipping costs, discounts, refunds or loss of future sales. Both and quality issues could have a material adverse effect on our business and negatively impact our reputation. Claims for losses or injuries purportedly caused by some of our products arise in the ordinary course of our business. Although we maintain product liability insurance coverage, claims are subject to a deductible or may not be covered under 10 Table of Contents the terms of the policy. In addition to the risk of substantial monetary judgments and penalties that could have a material adverse effect on our business, product liability claims or regulatory actions could result in negative publicity, reputational harm or loss of brand value. We also could be required to recall and possibly discontinue the sale of products deemed to be defective or unsafe, which could result in adverse publicity and significant expense. Changes in our business strategies and the restructuring of our operations affect our costs and the profitability of our businesses. In addition, our profitability may be materially adversely affected if we generate less productivity improvement from our restructuring and other cost reduction actions than anticipated. As our business environment changes, we have adjusted and may need to further adjust our business strategies, restructure our operations or particular businesses, or adjust our operational footprint. As we continue to develop and adjust our growth strategies, we may invest in new businesses that have returns that are negative or low and whose ultimate business prospects are uncertain or could be unprofitable. We engage in restructuring actions from time to time to reduce our costs and increase efficiencies. We expended approximately $47 million in 2025 compared to approximately $42 million related to restructuring actions in 2024. Our restructuring actions in 2025 related to various locations across our company in both our Solutions Group and Materials Group reportable segments. We had incremental savings from restructuring actions, net of transition costs, of more than $60 million in 2025. As part of our continuous efficiency improvement culture, we intend to continue our efforts to reduce costs, which have in the past included, and may continue to include, facility closures and square footage reductions, headcount reductions, organizational restructuring, process standardization, and manufacturing relocation. For example, in 2025, we completed a European footprint optimization in Belgium for our Materials Group reportable segment, and in 2024, we consolidated our Solutions Group reportable segment's operations in Mexico. The success of these efforts is not assured and targeted savings may not be realized. In addition, cost reduction actions can result in restructuring charges and could expose us to production risk, loss of sales and employee turnover. We cannot provide assurance that we will achieve the intended results of any of our restructuring and other cost reduction actions, which involve operational complexities, consume management attention and require substantial resources and effort. If we fail to achieve the intended results of such actions, our costs could increase, our assets could be impaired, and our savings from these actions could be lower than expected. Our ability to develop and successfully market new products and applications impacts our competitive position. The timely introduction of new products and improvements to current products helps determine our success. Many of our current products are the result of our research and development efforts, for which we expensed $137 million in 2025. These efforts are directed primarily toward developing new products and solutions and operating techniques and improving product performance, often in close association with our customers or end users. These efforts include patent and product development work relating to printing and coating technologies, as well as adhesive, release and ink chemistries in our Materials Group reportable segment. We focus on research projects related to RFID, external embellishments and digital solutions in our Solutions Group reportable segment. Additionally, our research and development efforts include sustainable innovation and design of products that increase the use of recycled content, reduce waste, extend life or enable recycling. Research and development requires innovation and anticipation of market trends, which means that the costs of these expenditures may not be recovered through additional sales. We could focus on products that ultimately are not accepted by customers or end users or we could experience delays in the production or launch of new products that could compromise our competitive position. Our infrastructure needs impact our business and expenditures. We continue to invest in our growth and margin expansion plans, with approximately $200 million in capital expenditures, including fixed assets and information technology, in 2025. We may not be able to recoup the costs of our infrastructure investments if actual demand is not as we anticipate. In 2025, we opened our first RFID inlay and label production site in India. Additionally, in recent years, we expanded our Materials Group’s manufacturing capabilities in Brazil, France, India, China and Ohio; moved our Solutions Group’s Vietnam business into a new, expanded facility; and made additional investments in both capacity and business development globally for our Intelligent Labels platform. Infrastructure investments, which are in nature, may not generate the expected return due to changes in the marketplace, unanticipated challenges in execution, and other factors. Significant changes from our expected need for and/or returns on our infrastructure investments could materially adversely affect our business. Difficulty in the collection of receivables as a result of economic conditions or other market factors could have a material adverse effect on our business. Although we have processes to administer credit granted to customers and believe our allowance for credit losses is adequate, we have in the past had to increase the allowance due to, among other things, epidemics, pandemics or other outbreaks of illness, supply chain challenges, regulatory restrictions and inflationary pressures, and in the future may experience losses as a result of our inability to collect some of our accounts receivable. A customer’s financial difficulties are likely to result in reduced business with that customer. We may also assume higher credit risk relating to receivables of a customer experiencing financial difficulty. In January 2026, a large customer of our Materials Group reportable segment filed for prepackaged Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection; we currently expect to collect on our prepetition outstanding receivables from this customer. If these developments were to occur widely in our customer base, our inability to collect on our accounts receivable could substantially reduce our cash flows and income and have a material adverse effect on our business. 11 Table of Contents There is a rapidly evolving awareness and focus from certain stakeholders, including our investors, customers and employees, with respect to our company’s sustainability and governance practices, which could affect our business. Investor and societal expectations with respect to sustainability or governance matters continue to evolve, with some stakeholders seeking companies to demonstrate progress with respect to environmental stewardship, human capital, corporate governance, support for our communities, and transparency, and other stakeholders suggesting that companies focus on delivering for their stockholders to the exclusion of focus in these other areas. A failure to adequately meet evolving stakeholder expectations and timely comply with competing regulatory requirements at the federal, state and local levels could result in loss of business, diluted market valuation, an inability to attract and retain customers and personnel, increased negative investor sentiment toward us and/or our customers and the diversion of investment to other industries, which could have a negative impact on our stock price and access to and cost of capital. Risks Related to Information Technology Significant disruption to the information technology infrastructure that stores our information and runs our operations could materially adversely affect our business. We rely on the efficient and uninterrupted operation of a large and complex information technology infrastructure to link our global business. Like all information technology systems, ours are susceptible to a number of risks including, but not limited to, damage or interruptions resulting from obsolescence, natural disasters, power failures, human error, viruses, social engineering, phishing, ransomware or other malicious attacks and cybersecurity events. We upgrade and install new systems, which, if installed or programmed incorrectly or on a delayed timeframe, could cause delays or cancellations of customer orders, impede the manufacture or shipment of products, or disrupt the processing of transactions. We have continued to implement measures to mitigate our risk related to system and network disruptions, but if a significant disruption were to occur, we could incur losses and remediation costs that could have a material adverse effect on our business. Additionally, we rely on services provided by vendors for certain information technology processes, including system infrastructure management, application management, and software as a service. While we have matured our cybersecurity due diligence process, this reliance on third parties makes our operations vulnerable to a failure by any one of these vendors to perform adequately or maintain effective internal controls. Cybersecurity or other security breaches could compromise our information and expose us to liability, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and reputation. We maintain information necessary to conduct our business in digital form, which is stored in data centers and on our networks and cloud services, including confidential and proprietary information as well as personal information regarding our customers and employees. The secure maintenance of this information is critical to our operations. Data maintained in digital form and on cloud services is subject to the risk of intrusion, tampering and theft. We develop and maintain systems and processes at significant cost to prevent this from occurring, and conduct ongoing monitoring and updating as technologies change and efforts to overcome security measures become more sophisticated. We experience cybersecurity events each year that are escalated through our documented and tested security incident response plan, and although we have not experienced a significant breach in recent years, the possibility of intrusion, tampering and theft cannot be eliminated entirely. Our information technology and infrastructure are vulnerable to attacks by threat actors or system compromises due to employee error, malfeasance or other disruptions, and the threat landscape remains challenging with our digital business transformation, remote or hybrid employees, the increasing use of artificial intelligence (“AI”), and interconnected supply chains expanding the risk of attack. Threat actors are increasingly leveraging AI for cyberattacks, and our increasing use of AI carries risks related to data security, privacy events, and potential algorithmic bias. These AI risks could lead to operational disruptions, regulatory investigations or actions, data security events and potential financial loss. We also perform cybersecurity due diligence and mitigate identified risks during our due diligence process related to potential acquisitions; however, there is still a risk that a recent or future acquisition experiences an event that could lead to a breach before risks are able to be mitigated. Additionally, we provide confidential, proprietary and personal information to third parties when it is necessary to pursue business objectives. While we obtain written agreements and assurances that these third parties will protect this information and, where appropriate, assess the protections utilized by these third parties, we are aware of suppliers in our ecosystem who have experienced security events, and there is a risk that confidentiality of data held by third parties may be compromised. Breaches or attacks can compromise our network, the network of a third party to whom we have disclosed confidential, proprietary or personal information, a data center where we have stored such information or a cloud service provider, and the information stored there could be accessed, publicly disclosed, lost or stolen. Any access, disclosure or loss of information could disrupt our operations, impair our ability to conduct business, result in legal claims or proceedings, damage our reputation, or result in the loss or diminished value of profitable opportunities and the loss of revenue as a result of unlicensed use of our intellectual property. Contractual provisions with third parties, including cloud service providers, substantially limit our ability to fully recover these potential losses. If the personal information of our customers or employees were to be misappropriated, we could incur costs to compensate our customers or employees or 12 Table of Contents pay damages or fines as a result of litigation or regulatory actions and our reputation with our customers and employees could be injured, resulting in loss of business or decline in employee morale. Data privacy legislation and regulation have been increasing in recent years – including, for example, the General Data Protection Regulation in the EU, the Personal Information Protection Law in China, the General Data Protection Law in Brazil and the state of California’s Privacy Rights Act – and although we have made reasonable efforts to comply with all applicable laws and regulations, there can be no assurance that we will not be subject to regulatory action in the event of a data privacy violation. Cybersecurity risk and ransomware attacks on companies continue to significantly increase and there can be no assurance that we have fully protected our information, that third parties to whom we have disclosed such information or with whom we have stored such information (in data centers and in the cloud) have taken effective precautions, or that we will not experience hacking or intrusion attempts that could have a material adverse effect on our business. In addition to maintaining a comprehensive set of endpoint, network, email and cloud security solutions, we continue to take steps to further improve the security of our networks and systems, including maturing our zero trust architecture and strategy; enhancing and testing our security incident response plan; maturing our operational technology security program; implementing more robust cloud security across multiple platforms; establishing AI policies, governance and risk management; maturing our data loss prevention framework to protect our critical data, network and site access controls; increasing network segmentation; enhancing our focus on third party risk management; and improving our capabilities based on threat intelligence and the publicized incidents experienced by other companies, as well as ones that we have experienced despite their minimal operational or financial impact to date. Risks Related to Income Taxes Changes in our tax rates affect our business. Our effective tax rate is affected by changes in the mix of earnings in countries with differing statutory tax rates, changes in the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities, and changes in tax laws and regulations or their interpretation. The impact of these changes could materially impact our business. Legislation implementing changes in taxation of business activities, adoption of other corporate tax policies, or other changes in tax legislation impact our business. The prevention of and tax transparency continue to be high priorities for many tax jurisdictions worldwide. As a result, policies regarding corporate income and other taxes remain under heightened scrutiny globally. Due to the size of our international business activities, any substantial change in corporate tax policies, tax enforcement activities or legislative or regulatory actions could have a material adverse effect on our business. The amount of income taxes we pay is subject to ongoing compliance requirements and audits by federal, state and foreign tax authorities. We are subject to regular examinations of our income tax returns by various tax authorities. We regularly assess the likelihood of material adverse outcomes resulting from these examinations to determine the adequacy of our provision for income taxes. In addition, tax enforcement has become increasingly aggressive in recent years focused primarily on transfer pricing and intercompany documentation. Our estimate of the potential outcome of uncertain tax issues requires significant judgment and is subject to our assessment of relevant risks, facts and circumstances existing at the time. We use these assessments to determine the adequacy of our provision for income taxes and other accounts. Our results may include favorable or unfavorable adjustments to our estimated tax liabilities in the period the assessments are made or resolved, which may materially adversely affect our effective tax rate. We have deferred tax assets that we may not be able to realize under certain circumstances. If we are unable to generate sufficient taxable income in certain jurisdictions, or if there is a significant change in the time period within which the underlying temporary differences become taxable or deductible, we could be required to increase our valuation allowances against our deferred tax assets. This would increase our effective tax rate and could have a material adverse effect on our business. In addition, changes in statutory tax rates may change our deferred tax asset or liability balances, with either a favorable or unfavorable impact on our effective tax rate. A significant portion of our net operating loss carryforwards is concentrated in Luxembourg and may require decades to be fully utilized under our current business model. Decreases in the statutory tax rate or changes in our ability to generate sufficient future taxable income in Luxembourg could materially adversely affect our effective tax rate. In addition, the computation and assessment of the realizability of our deferred tax assets may also be materially impacted by new legislation or regulations. 13 Table of Contents Risks Related to Human Capital For us to remain competitive, deliver on our business strategy and avoid business disruption, it is important to recruit high caliber talent, retain key management and employees and receive high quality service from all outsourced service providers. This includes providing compensation and benefits and ensuring an engaged global team. Competition to recruit and retain critical talent was challenging in recent years. Our ongoing productivity efforts and restructuring actions can increase this challenge. When it comes to our outsourced service providers, we have experienced delays or errors and reduced resource availability and managed ongoing risk when it comes to people, processes and software. Executive succession planning is critical to our success. While we believe we have appropriate leadership development programs and succession plans in place that are regularly discussed with the Talent and Compensation Committee of our Board of Directors (our "Board"), any failure to ensure effective leadership transitions and knowledge transfer involving key management or other employees could hinder our strategic planning and execution. We have various .S. collective labor arrangements, which make us subject to potential work stoppages, as well as union and works council campaigns and other labor disputes, any of which could adversely impact our business. Work interruptions or stoppages at our company or our suppliers could significantly impact our ability to deliver for our customers. In addition, collective bargaining agreements, union contracts and labor laws may impair our ability to close or downsize manufacturing facilities because of limitations on personnel and salary and other restrictions. A work stoppage at one or more of our facilities, or the facilities of our customers or suppliers, could have a material adverse effect on our business. In addition, the recent and ongoing geopolitical unrest and effects of climate change in numerous regions could impact the safety and productivity of our employees. Those impacts could also hinder our ability to recruit and retain talent in the impacted regions/countries. Risks Related to Our Indebtedness If our indebtedness increases significantly or our credit ratings are downgraded, we may have difficulty obtaining short- and financing on acceptable terms and conditions. At December 31, 2025, we had approximately $3.73 billion of debt. Our level of indebtedness and credit ratings are significant factors in our ability to obtain short- and financing. Significantly unfavorable changes in our debt leverage position and/or lower credit ratings could negatively impact our ability to issue debt at favorable terms to support our business needs and result in higher financing costs. A downgrade of our credit ratings could impact our ability to access the commercial paper markets and increase our borrowing costs on commercial paper or alternative funding sources, including our revolving credit facility (the “Revolver”) or other credit facilities. If our access to commercial paper markets were to become limited, we would need to obtain funding under our Revolver, which would expose us to variable interest rates. An increase in interest rates adversely affects our business. In 2025, our average borrowings were approximately $739 million. Increases in interest rates directly impact the amount of interest we pay. Fluctuations in interest rates can increase our borrowing costs and have a material adverse effect on our business. After several years of raising interest rates in an effort to curb rising inflation across the globe, the U.S. Federal Reserve and similar monetary policymaking entities around the world modestly reduced rates in 2025. As of December 31, 2025, the U.S. Federal Reserve’s benchmark interest rate was between 3.50% and 3.75%, down from between 4.25% and 4.50% at 2024. When long- and interest rates rise, our borrowing costs increase. Continued increases in interest rates could, among other things, reduce the availability and/or increase the costs of obtaining new debt and refinancing existing indebtedness and negatively impact our business. Our current and future debt covenants may limit our flexibility. Our credit facilities and the indentures governing our medium- and notes contain, and any of our future indebtedness likely would contain, restrictive covenants that impose operating and financial restrictions on us. Among other things, these covenants restrict our ability to incur additional indebtedness, incur certain liens on our assets, make certain investments, sell our assets or merge with third parties, or enter into certain transactions. The Revolver contains a financial covenant that requires us to maintain a maximum leverage ratio. Refer to “Capital Resources” in Item 7. “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Result of Operations” of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for more information about this financial covenant. These restrictive covenants and ratios may limit or prohibit us from engaging in certain activities and transactions that may be in our best interest, which could materially adversely affect our business. The failure to comply with these or other covenants governing other indebtedness, including indebtedness incurred in the future, 14 Table of Contents could result in an event of default, which, if not cured or waived, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and result of operations, including by triggering in other debt facilities. Risk Related to Ownership of Our Stock Our stock price is subject to significant variability. Changes in our stock price, among other things, affect our access to, or cost of financing from, capital markets, our compensation arrangements and our effective tax rate. Our stock price, which declined during the second half of 2024 and remained relatively stable during 2025, is influenced by changes in the overall stock market and demand for equity securities in general. Other factors, including our financial performance on an absolute basis and relative to peer companies and competitors, as well as market expectations of our performance, the level of perceived growth or profit of the industries we serve, and other factors, may also materially adversely affect our stock price. There can be no assurance that our stock price will not continue to experience significant variability in the future. We cannot guarantee that we will continue to repurchase shares of our common stock or pay dividends on our common stock or that repurchases will enhance stockholder value. Changes in our levels of stock repurchases or dividends could affect our stock price and increase its variability. In April 2025, our Board authorized the repurchase of shares of our common stock with a fair market value of up to $750 million, in addition to the amount of shares that were then available for repurchase under our previous Board authorization. In 2025, we repurchased 3.2 million shares of our common stock at an aggregate cost of $575.6 million. As of December 31, 2025, shares of our common stock in the aggregate amount of $526.3 million remained authorized for repurchase under the 2025 Board authorization. We repurchase shares through a variety of methods, which may include open market purchases, privately negotiated transactions, block trades or accelerated share repurchase transactions. Our share repurchase authorizations do not obligate us to acquire any specific number of shares or to repurchase any specific number of shares for any fixed period. The timing and amount of our repurchases, if any, are subject to our capital allocation strategy as it may evolve from time to time, our view of intrinsic value coupled with a disciplined repurchase grid, market and economic conditions, applicable legal requirements and other relevant factors. We may limit, suspend or discontinue repurchasing shares at any time at our discretion w

[truncated]