Launch of Lenovo’s new VR headset Engage XR Holdings PLC 01 June 2023 Reach 1 June 2023 ENGAGE XR Holdings Plc ("ENGAGE XR" or the "Group") Launch of Lenovo's new VR headset ENGAGE XR Holdings Plc (AIM: EXR), a leading metaverse technology company, is pleased to announce that, further to the announcement made on 28 September 2022, Lenovo™'s new ThinkReality™ VRX all-in-one virtual reality (VR) headset engineered for enterprise customers, ENGAGE XR's target market, will be available for purchase in select markets worldwide, commencing June 2023. Lenovo is one of the world's largest computer manufacturing and smartphone companies, and the ENGAGE proprietary software platform will be available on the new headset. As previously announced, the partnership agreement with Lenovo covers the resale and distribution of end-user licenses by Lenovo of the ENGAGE software on the new Lenovo headsets. Over the last few months, the Group has trained and worked with Lenovo's sales team. The launch of the headsets opens a new route to market for ENGAGE and its software as the Lenovo global sales team actively look to sell the Group's technology and metaverse production capabilities directly to their enterprise clients. David Whelan, CEO, ENGAGE XR said: " We are confident that having secured Lenovo as a channel partner in September 2022, the launch of the new headset will enable us to grow our international reach and customer base. As the headset becomes available in selected markets, we anticipate seeing further revenue growth during the second half of 2023. Lenovo has a large global market share in enterprise and education, which is ENGAGE's target market, and it should be a fruitful partnership for both parties. We continue to believe this partnership will help establish ENGAGE as the business platform of choice for these organisations." Further details about the headset can be found here: https://news.lenovo.com/pressroom/press-releases/thinkreality-vrx-now-available-select-markets-worldwide/ For further information, please contact: ENGAGE XR Holdings Plc David Whelan, CEO Séamus Larrissey, CFO Sandra Whelan, COO Tel: +353 87 665 6708 info@engagexr.co finnCap Ltd (Nominated Adviser & Joint Broker) Marc Milmo/ Seamus Fricker (Corporate Finance) Sunila de Silva (ECM) Tel: +44 (0) 20 7220 0500 Shard Capital Partners LLP (Joint Broker) Damon Heath / Erik Woolgar Tel: +44 (0) 20 7186 9952 SEC Newgate (Financial Communications) Robin Tozer / Naz Zandi Tel: +44 (0)7540 106 366 engage@secnewgate.co.uk About ENGAGE XR ENGAGE XR Holdings plc (AIM: EXR) is metaverse technology company focused on becoming a leading global provider of virtual communications solutions through its new fully featured corporate metaverse, ENGAGE Link. A demonstration of ENGAGE Link is here The Company also has a proprietary software platform, ENGAGE. ENGAGE provides users with a platform for creating, sharing, and delivering VR content for education, training, and online events through its three solutions: Virtual Campus, Virtual Office, and Virtual Events. For further information, please visit: www.engagexrholdings.com (LinkedIn: @Engage XR Holdings plc Twitter: @engage_xr) This information is provided by Reach, the non-regulatory press release distribution service of RNS, part of the London Stock Exchange. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Engage XR Holdings (CDI) (EXR) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 2 minutes ago Record 1 hour ago DSW Capital 4 hours ago Southern Energy Corp. NPV (DI) 4 hours ago Gateley (Holdings) 4 hours ago Solid State All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and