Update on School of AI Engage XR Holdings PLC 30 September 2024 Reach 30 September 2024 ENGAGE XR Holdings Plc ("ENGAGE XR" or the "Group") Update on School of AI ENGAGE XR Holdings Plc, a leading Metaverse / Spatial Computing technology company , is pleased to confirm the roll out of the " School of AI" to all of its education clients. Developed inhouse by the team at ENGAGE XR, the School of AI creates an immersive learning environment, in which students can speak to notable figures of history, powered by conversational and generative AI. School of AI launched in March 2024 and was made available to a selection of ENGAGE XR's education clients. The feedback from this soft launch was positive and as a result, ENGAGE XR has now rolled out the product more widely. School of AI is now available to all of ENGAGE XR's education clients, which include the Kentucky Department of Education, Optima Domi, and Lobaki. The Board believes that the roll out of School of AI is expected to create enhanced revenue opportunities for the Company. Available on all leading VR/AR devices, PCs, Phones and Tablets, School of AI enables students to engage with 12 AI-powered characters, in authentic historic locations, including Neil Armstrong, Winston Churchill, Cleopatra, Rosa Parks, Benjamin Franklin, Nikola Tesla and Marie Curie. Where original audio clips are available for a given character, these clips train the AI to sound exactly like the original characters and give them similar mannerisms. More historical figures are being developed within School of AI. Further details can be found here: https://youtu.be/w7FrJAQqKYk David Whelan CEO, ENGAGE XR, said: "Our initial limited launch of the School of AI proved to be a great success, and we are delighted to be able to offer it now to all of our education clients. Products like School of AI are example of how methods of teaching are evolving and how teaching will continue to develop in the future. Why just read about Benjamin Franklin when you can talk to him? Alongside Corporate Development & Learning, Education is one of the fastest-growing sectors in terms of the adoption of immersive technology, and we are building a strong reputation in this area, especially in the US." For further information, please contact: ENGAGE XR Holdings Plc David Whelan, CEO Séamus Larrissey, CFO Sandra Whelan, COO Tel: +353 87 665 6708 info@engagexr.co C avendish Capital Markets Limited (Nominated Adviser & Broker) Marc Milmo / Seamus Fricker (Corporate finance) Sunila de Silva (ECM) Tel: +44 (0) 20 7220 0500 SEC Newgate (Financial Communications) Robin Tozer / Tom Carnegie / Naz Zandi Tel: +44 (0)7540 106 366 engage@secnewgate.co.uk About ENGAGE XR ENGAGE XR Holdings plc (AIM: EXR) is a leading Metaverse / Spatial Computing technology company focused on becoming a leading global provider of virtual communications solutions through its new fully featured corporate metaverse, ENGAGE Link. A demonstration can be viewed here: ENGAGE The Spatial Computing Platform for Enterprise The Company also has a proprietary software platform, ENGAGE. ENGAGE provides users with a platform for creating, sharing, and delivering VR content for education, training, and online events through its three solutions: Virtual Campus, Virtual Office, and Virtual Events. ​ For further information, please visit: www.engagexrholdings.com (LinkedIn: @Engage XR Holdings plc Twitter: @engage_xr) Forward-Looking Statements Certain statements made in this announcement are forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are not historical facts but rather are based on the Group's current expectations, estimates, and projections about its industry; its beliefs; and assumptions. Words such as 'anticipates,' 'expects,' 'intends,' 'plans,' 'believes,' 'seeks,' 'estimates,' and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties, and other factors, some of which are beyond the Group's control, are difficult to predict, and could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or forecasted in the forward-looking statements. The Group cautions security holders and prospective security holders not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which reflect the view of the Group only as of the date of this announcement. The forward-looking statements made in this announcement relate only to events as of the date on which the statements are made. The Group will not undertake any obligation to release publicly any revisions or updates to these forward-looking statements to reflect events, circumstances, or unanticipated events occurring after the date of this announcement except as required by law or by any appropriate regulatory authority. This information is provided by Reach, the non-regulatory press release distribution service of RNS, part of the London Stock Exchange. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Engage XR Holdings (CDI) (EXR) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 14 minutes ago Latham (James) 1 hour ago Oxford Nanopore Technologies 1 hour ago Record 2 hours ago DSW Capital 6 hours ago Southern Energy Corp. NPV (DI) All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and