BETA Close X Engage XR Holdings Plc has announced the suspension of its shares effective immediately due to a critical financial situation. The company's largest customer, which had renewed its commercial arrangements in May 2026, has communicated that it will not be taking any further licenses, meaning expected funds will not be received. Consequently, the board has determined that a court-approved liquidation is necessary, with no return expected for shareholders. This significant impact on the Group's financial position and prospects has led to the request for the trading suspension on AIM. Disclaimer* Engage XR Holdings PLC 01 September 2026 1 September 2026 ENGAGE XR Holdings Plc (“ENGAGE XR” or the “Group”) Suspension of Shares ENGAGE XR Holdings Plc, a Metaverse / Spatial Computing technology company, announces further to its Final Results announced on 2 June 2026 that the Group’s largest customer which renewed its commercial arrangements with the Group in May 2026 has communicated to the Company that it will not be taking any licences going forward. The consequence of this is that the funds that were expected to be remitted to the Company pursuant to the contract will now not be received. Following a board meeting held on 31 August 2026 and having regard to the Company’s financial position, the board has unfortunately determined that it needs to proceed with a court approved liquidation in accordance with Irish Law. It is currently not expected that this process would provide any return for shareholders. Given the significant impact of the above on the Group’s financial position and prospects, the Company has requested a suspension in the trading of its shares on AIM which will become effective from 7:30 a.m. today. Further announcements will be made as appropriate. This announcement contains inside information for the purposes of Article 7 of the Market Abuse Regulation (EU) 596/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("MAR"), and is disclosed in accordance with the company's obligations under Article 17 of MAR. For further information, please contact: ENGAGE XR Holdings Plc David Whelan, CEO Séamus Larrissey, CFO Sandra Whelan, COO Tel: +353 87 665 6708 info@engagexr.co Cavendish Capital Markets Limited (Nominated Adviser & Broker) Marc Milmo / Seamus Fricker (Corporate finance) Sunila de Silva (ECM) Tel: +44 (0) 20 7220 0500 About ENGAGE XR ENGAGE XR Holdings plc (AIM: EXR) is a leading Metaverse / Spatial Computing technology company focused on becoming a leading global provider of virtual communications solutions through its new fully featured corporate metaverse, ENGAGE Link. A demonstration can be viewed here: ENGAGE The Spatial Computing Platform for Enterprise The Company also has a proprietary software platform, ENGAGE. ENGAGE provides users with a platform for creating, sharing, and delivering VR content for education, training, and online events through its three solutions: Virtual Campus, Virtual Office, and Virtual Events. For further information, please visit: www.engagexrholdings.com (LinkedIn: @Engage XR Holdings plc Twitter: @engage_xr) This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Engage XR Holdings (CDI) (EXR) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 2 minutes ago Stelrad Group 38 minutes ago Blencowe Resources 1 hour ago Hammerson 1 hour ago NATWEST GROUP 1 hour ago Artemis UK Future Leaders plc All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and