Notice of AGM & Posting of Annual Report Engage XR Holdings PLC 03 June 2025 3 June 2025 ENGAGE XR Holdings Plc ("ENGAGE XR", or the "Company") Notice of AGM & Posting of Annual Report and Accounts ENGAGE XR Holdings Plc (AIM: EXR), a leading provider of immersive communications technology, announces that the Company's Annual General Meeting ("AGM") will be held on 26 June 2025 at 11:00 a.m. at Unit 9, Cleaboy Business Park, Old Kilmeaden Road, Waterford, X91 AX83, Ireland. The Notice of AGM, together with the Company's Annual Report and Accounts for the year ended 31 December 2024, has been posted to shareholders and is also available on the Company's website at: https://engagevr.io/shareholder-notices/ For further information, please contact: ENGAGE XR Holdings Plc David Whelan, CEO Séamus Larrissey, CFO Sandra Whelan, COO Tel: +353 87 665 6708 info@engagexr.co Cavendish Capital Markets Limited (Nominated Adviser & Broker) Marc Milmo/ Seamus Fricker (Corporate Finance) Sunila de Silva (ECM) Tel: +44 (0) 20 7220 0500 SEC Newgate (Financial Communications) Robin Tozer Tel: +44 (0)7540 106 366 engage@secnewgate.co.uk About ENGAGE XR ENGAGE XR Holdings plc (AIM: EXR) has developed ENGAGE, an immersive training, education and collaboration platform, offering cutting-edge VR/AR tools and environments that elevate employee training and student outcomes. Trusted by enterprise and educational clients worldwide, ENGAGE leverages the transformative power of spatial computing to revolutionize onboarding, sales meetings, product demos and a host of other vital business operations. For more information, visit: https://engagevr.io LinkedIn: @Engage XR Holdings plc Twitter: @engage_xr This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Engage XR Holdings (CDI) (EXR) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 hour ago Southern Energy Corp. NPV (DI) 1 hour ago Gateley (Holdings) 1 hour ago Solid State 16 hours ago Metro Bank Holdings PLC 16 hours ago Ocado Group All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and