Cancellation of Admission to Euronext Growth RNS Number : 5874T Engage XR Holdings PLC 21 March 2023 ENGAGE XR Holdings Plc ("ENGAGE XR" or the "Company") NOTIFICATION OF CANCELLATION OF ADMISSION TO EURONEXT GROWTH ENGAGE XR Holdings Plc (AIM: EXR; Euronext Growth: EXR) today announces that it has given Euronext Dublin ("Euronext") notice of its intention to cancel the admission of the Company's Ordinary Shares ('Ordinary Shares") to trading on the Euronext Growth Market ("Cancellation"). The last day of trading in Ordinary Shares on the Euronext Growth Market will be 18 April 2023 and the Cancellation will take effect at 7.00 a.m. on 19 April 2023. The Cancellation applies only to the Euronext Growth Market and will have no effect on the company's Ordinary Shares trading on the AIM market of the London Stock Exchange. It is anticipated that maintaining a sole listing on AIM will concentrate liquidity on one trading venue. Enquiries: ENGAGE XR Holdings Plc Séamus Larrissey, CFO Tel: +353 87 665 6708 info@engagexr.co finnCap Ltd (Nominated Adviser & Joint Broker) Marc Milmo/ Seamus Fricker (Corporate Finance) Sunila de Silva (ECM) Tel: +44 (0) 20 7220 0500 Shard Capital Partners LLP (Joint Broker) Damon Heath / Erik Woolgar Tel: +44 (0) 20 7186 9952 Davy (Joint Broker & Euronext Growth Listing Sponsor) Barry Murphy / Lauren O'Sullivan Tel: +353 1 679 6363 SEC Newgate (Financial Communications) Robin Tozer / Naz Zandi Tel: +44 (0)7540 106 366 engage@secnewgate.co.uk END This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END MSCNKKBBFBKDCNB Companies Engage XR Holdings (CDI) (EXR) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 2 minutes ago Record 1 hour ago DSW Capital 4 hours ago Southern Energy Corp. NPV (DI) 4 hours ago Gateley (Holdings) 4 hours ago Solid State All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and