ENGAGE XR attending Leap 2025 with PwC Middle East Engage XR Holdings PLC 10 February 2025 Reach 10 February 2025 ENGAGE XR Holdings Plc ("ENGAGE XR" or the "Group") ENGAGE XR attending Leap 2025 with PwC Middle East ENGAGE XR, a leading immersive technology company, is showcasing the ENGAGE platform at the LEAP 2025 Tech Conference in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia commencing on 9 February 2025. ENGAGE XR will be collaborating at the conference with PwC Middle East, its primary technology reseller partner in the Middle East. ENGAGE is an immersive training, education and collaboration platform, offering cutting-edge VR/AR tools and environments that elevate employee training and student outcomes. The Board recognises the importance of presenting at the LEAP conference as it sees the region as an important area of growth for the Group with opportunities for ENGAGE across the education and training verticals. This follows good progress in the region in FY24 where ENGAGE XR secured a number of important contracts in the education and training sector, including a significant seven-figure contract with a large Middle Eastern client via the Group's partnership with PwC. PwC is presenting its enterprise solutions to key decision-makers in the region at the conference. The LEAP Tech Conference is a premier annual technology event that since its inception in 2022, has become one of the world's most influential technology gatherings, fostering collaboration and shaping the future of the digital landscape. Held in Saudi Arabia, the conference showcases cutting-edge advancements across diverse sectors, including artificial intelligence, fintech, cybersecurity, robotics, smart cities, and beyond. David Whelan, CEO, ENGAGE XR said: "We are thrilled to attend LEAP 2025 alongside our valued partner, PwC Midde East. The conference is a great opportunity for us to showcase the ENGAGE platform in a region where we see incredible growth potential." For further information, please contact: ENGAGE XR Holdings Plc David Whelan, CEO Séamus Larrissey, CFO Sandra Whelan, COO Tel: +353 87 665 6708 info@engagexr.co Cavendish Capital Markets Limited (Nominated Adviser & Broker) Marc Milmo / Seamus Fricker (Corporate finance) Sunila de Silva (ECM) Tel: +44 (0) 20 7220 0500 SEC Newgate (Financial Communications) Robin Tozer / Tom Carnegie / Naz Zandi Tel: +44 (0)7540 106 366 engage@secnewgate.co.uk About ENGAGE XR ENGAGE XR Holdings plc (AIM: EXR) has developed ENGAGE, an immersive training, education and collaboration platform, offering cutting-edge VR/AR tools and environments that elevate employee training and student outcomes. Trusted by enterprise and educational clients worldwide, ENGAGE leverages the transformative power of spatial computing to revolutionize onboarding, sales meetings, product demos and a host of other vital business operations. For further information, please visit: https://engagevr.io/ (LinkedIn: @Engage XR Holdings plc Twitter: @engage_xr) Forward-Looking Statements Certain statements made in this announcement are forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are not historical facts but rather are based on the Group's current expectations, estimates, and projections about its industry; its beliefs; and assumptions. Words such as 'anticipates,' 'expects,' 'intends,' 'plans,' 'believes,' 'seeks,' 'estimates,' and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties, and other factors, some of which are beyond the Group's control, are difficult to predict, and could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or forecasted in the forward-looking statements. The Group cautions security holders and prospective security holders not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which reflect the view of the Group only as of the date of this announcement. The forward-looking statements made in this announcement relate only to events as of the date on which the statements are made. The Group will not undertake any obligation to release publicly any revisions or updates to these forward-looking statements to reflect events, circumstances, or unanticipated events occurring after the date of this announcement except as required by law or by any appropriate regulatory authority. This information is provided by Reach, the non-regulatory press release distribution service of RNS, part of the London Stock Exchange. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Engage XR Holdings (CDI) (EXR) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 14 minutes ago Latham (James) 1 hour ago Oxford Nanopore Technologies 1 hour ago Record 2 hours ago DSW Capital 6 hours ago Southern Energy Corp. NPV (DI) All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and