Fatboy Slim concert takes place in ENGAGE Link RNS Number : 9146U Engage XR Holdings PLC 31 March 2023 Reach 31 March 2023 ENGAGE XR Holdings Plc ("ENGAGE XR" or the "Group") Ground-breaking Fatboy Slim concert takes place in ENGAGE Link ENGAGE XR Holdings Plc (AIM: EXR; Euronext Growth: EXR), a leading metaverse technology company, hosted an epic Virtual Reality (VR) concert titled "Eat Sleep VR Repeat" in the metaverse starring Norman Cook, AKA Fatboy Slim. The 45-minute concert took place in ENGAGE Link , the Group's professionally focused metaverse platform. In his first completely virtual concert Fatboy Slim performed some of greatest hits, mixing music, stunning visual effects and animations. The concert has received rave reviews including in The Times and Daily Telegraph . Those who were unable to attend the event can view video and photo highlights here - https://engagevr.io/fatboy_slim_concert/ . The full concert video will also be available at a later date. The concert was the first in ENGAGE Lin k , which is divided into locations called Plazas, including Entertainment Plaza, Education Plaza, Creative Plaza and Central Plaza. The plazas offer access to the metaworlds of pioneering enterprise, educational and creative entities. David Whelan, CEO, ENGAGE XR said: "While there have been music performances in the metaverse before, the Fatboy Slim concert took things to the next level with many different areas to explore, visuals and audio that enhanced attendees' senses making the event an almost hypnotic experience. The Fatboy Slim concert demonstrates the versatility and capabilities of VR and how corporations to creatives can build their own worlds within ENGAGE to be used for entertainment, business engagements and so much more. It also shows that VR concerts can be hugely successful, and in the future opens up a new revenue stream for us." For further information, please contact: ENGAGE XR Holdings Plc David Whelan, CEO Séamus Larrissey, CFO Sandra Whelan, COO Tel: +353 87 665 6708 info@engagexr.co finnCap Ltd (Nominated Adviser & Joint Broker) Marc Milmo/ Seamus Fricker (Corporate Finance) Sunila de Silva (ECM) Tel: +44 (0) 20 7220 0500 Shard Capital Partners LLP (Joint Broker) Damon Heath / Erik Woolgar Tel: +44 (0) 20 7186 9952 Davy (Joint Broker & Euronext Growth Listing Sponsor) Barry Murphy / Lauren O'Sullivan Tel: +353 1 679 6363 SEC Newgate (Financial Communications) Robin Tozer / Naz Zandi Tel: +44 (0)7540 106 366 engage@secnewgate.co.uk About ENGAGE XR ENGAGE XR Holdings plc (AIM: EXR; Euronext Growth: EXR) is metaverse technology company focused on becoming a leading global provider of virtual communications solutions through its new fully featured corporate metaverse, ENGAGE Link. A demonstration of ENGAGE Link is here The Company also has a proprietary software platform, ENGAGE. ENGAGE provides users with a platform for creating, sharing, and delivering VR content for education, training, and online events through its three solutions: Virtual Campus, Virtual Office, and Virtual Events. EXR is listed on AIM in London and on the Euronext Growth Market in Dublin, a market operated by Euronext Dublin. For further information, please visit: www.engagexrholdings.com (LinkedIn: @Engage XR Holdings plc Twitter: @engage_xr) This information is provided by Reach, the non-regulatory press release distribution service of RNS, part of the London Stock Exchange. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . Reach is a non-regulatory news service. By using this service an issuer is confirming that the information contained within this announcement is of a non-regulatory nature. Reach announcements are identified with an orange label and the word “Reach” in the source column of the News Explorer pages of London Stock Exchange’s website so that they are distinguished from the RNS UK regulatory service. Other vendors subscribing for Reach press releases may use a different method to distinguish Reach announcements from UK regulatory news. RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END NRAFIFSEVFILVIV Companies Engage XR Holdings (CDI) (EXR) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 2 minutes ago Record 1 hour ago DSW Capital 4 hours ago Southern Energy Corp. NPV (DI) 4 hours ago Gateley (Holdings) 4 hours ago Solid State All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and