Launch of Education Offering at Bett 2025 Engage XR Holdings PLC 22 January 2025 Reach 22 January 2025 ENGAGE XR Holdings Plc ("ENGAGE XR" or the "Group") Launch of Education Offering at Bett 2025 with Meta and OptimaED ENGAGE XR, a leading immersive technology company, will today unveil its comprehensive education offering for the first time at the world-leading EdTech conference, Bett 2025, in London. Working in partnership with Meta and OptimaED, the US-based, Education Experience Company, the Group will showcase the ENGAGE XR package that has been specifically developed for the K12 education market (kindergarten to the age of 18). The ENGAGE XR education package allows access to an ENGAGE license so educators can utilise a comprehensive suite of teaching software to enable them to create and share content with pupils. Students can participate in virtual field trips, explore historical events, and engage in hands-on science experiments using curriculum-focused content, all within a safe and controlled digital space. The suite includes: ● School of AI - 22 historical characters for pupils to interact with powered by generative AI ● AI Character Creator - For educators to create their own characters as tutors ● BioLab - provides hundreds of detailed biology models and interactions ● OptimaED Content Demo - 180+ hours of curriculum-focused lessons, over 1300 learning models, and more than 30 immersive field trips Users will also be able to access the following VR experiences: ● Apollo 11 VR - A virtual reality trip to the moon and back ● Titanic VR - An interactive simulated dive to the shipwreck and recreation of the sinking ● Shuttle Commander- A physics-based flight simulation and Hubble Space Telescope deployment mission ● Titans of Space - A virtual journey through the holographic Solar System The K12 education market has seen a huge expansion in technology adoption in recent years, including the growing use of virtual teaching tools. Educational institutions around the world have started to incorporate immersive technology into teaching. Immersive technology use is expected to expand considerably following the launch of the Quest 3S headset. At a starting price of $299, the Board of ENGAGE XR believe that the lower cost of this headset when compared to other devices in the market will help remove a significant barrier to adoption. Group partners Meta and OptimaED, are collaborating with ENGAGE XR to seize this opportunity. Meta is releasing a new management service for the education market later this year, called "Meta for Education", to manage large scale deployment of XR devices, with ENGAGE as a key partner. Over the last 12 months, OptimaED has increased the number of ENGAGE licenses it uses by over 160 per cent, with further growth projected in 2025. David Whelan, CEO, ENGAGE XR said: "The ENGAGE XR education package enables teachers and students to connect, collaborate, create and explore in ways that transcends traditional classroom boundaries. Our education offer has been developed to offer schools and colleges a competitive option in terms of hardware and software pricing which is a key consideration for educators exploring the immersive learning space. We are excited about collaborating with Meta and OptimaED, and looking ahead, we anticipate significant growth opportunities in the global education sector as the price of headsets continues to fall." For further information, please contact: ENGAGE XR Holdings Plc David Whelan, CEO Séamus Larrissey, CFO Sandra Whelan, COO Tel: +353 87 665 6708 info@engagexr.co Cavendish Capital Markets Limited (Nominated Adviser & Broker) Marc Milmo / Seamus Fricker (Corporate finance) Sunila de Silva (ECM) Tel: +44 (0) 20 7220 0500 SEC Newgate (Financial Communications) Robin Tozer / Tom Carnegie / Naz Zandi Tel: +44 (0)7540 106 366 engage@secnewgate.co.uk About ENGAGE XR ENGAGE XR Holdings plc (AIM: EXR) has developed ENGAGE, an immersive training, education and collaboration platform, offering cutting-edge VR/AR tools and environments that elevate employee training and student outcomes. Trusted by enterprise and educational clients worldwide, ENGAGE leverages the transformative power of spatial computing to revolutionize onboarding, sales meetings, product demos and a host of other vital business operations. For further information, please visit: https://engagevr.io/ (LinkedIn: @Engage XR Holdings plc Twitter: @engage_xr) Forward-Looking Statements Certain statements made in this announcement are forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are not historical facts but rather are based on the Group's current expectations, estimates, and projections about its industry; its beliefs; and assumptions. Words such as 'anticipates,' 'expects,' 'intends,' 'plans,' 'believes,' 'seeks,' 'estimates,' and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties, and other factors, some of which are beyond the Group's control, are difficult to predict, and could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or forecasted in the forward-looking statements. The Group cautions security holders and prospective security holders not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which reflect the view of the Group only as of the date of this announcement. The forward-looking statements made in this announcement relate only to events as of the date on which the statements are made. The Group will not undertake any obligation to release publicly any revisions or updates to these forward-looking statements to reflect events, circumstances, or unanticipated events occurring after the date of this announcement except as required by law or by any appropriate regulatory authority. This information is provided by Reach, the non-regulatory press release distribution service of RNS, part of the London Stock Exchange. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Engage XR Holdings (CDI) (EXR) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 14 minutes ago Latham (James) 1 hour ago Oxford Nanopore Technologies 1 hour ago Record 2 hours ago DSW Capital 6 hours ago Southern Energy Corp. NPV (DI) All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and