Notice of Results Engage XR Holdings PLC 02 May 2025 2 May 2025 ENGAGE XR Holdings Plc ("ENGAGE XR" or the "Group") Notice of Results & Investor Presentation ENGAGE XR Holdings Plc, a leading provider of immersive communications technology, will be announcing its results for the 12 months ended 31 December 2024 on 3 June 2025. For further information, please contact: ENGAGE XR Holdings Plc David Whelan, CEO Séamus Larrissey, CFO Sandra Whelan, COO Tel: +353 87 665 6708 info@engagexr.co Cavendish Capital Markets Limited (Nominated Adviser & Broker) Marc Milmo/ Seamus Fricker (Corporate finance) Sunila de Silva (ECM) Tel: +44 (0) 20 7220 0500 SEC Newgate (Financial Communications) Robin Tozer Tel: +44 (0)7540 106366 engage@secnewgate.co.uk About ENGAGE XR ENGAGE XR Holdings plc (AIM: EXR) has developed ENGAGE, an immersive training, education and collaboration platform, offering cutting-edge VR/AR tools and environments that elevate employee training and student outcomes. Trusted by enterprise and educational clients worldwide, ENGAGE leverages the transformative power of spatial computing to revolutionize onboarding, sales meetings, product demos and a host of other vital business operations. For further information, please visit: https://engagevr.io/ (LinkedIn: @Engage XR Holdings plc Twitter: @engage_xr) . This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Engage XR Holdings (CDI) (EXR) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 14 minutes ago Latham (James) 1 hour ago Oxford Nanopore Technologies 1 hour ago Record 2 hours ago DSW Capital 6 hours ago Southern Energy Corp. NPV (DI) All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and