BETA Close X ENGAGE XR Holdings Plc expects to report revenue of approximately €1.9 million for the twelve months ending December 31, 2025, a decrease from €3.4 million in 2024, attributed to contract signing delays and lower enterprise sales and renewals, particularly impacting Q4 performance. The company anticipates an EBITDA loss of around €2.4 million, broadly in line with expectations due to a focus on operational efficiencies and cost control, while year-end cash balances are projected at €1.6 million, exceeding market expectations. Despite enterprise headwinds, ENGAGE XR is experiencing growth in the K-12 education sector, with platform usage increasing and several clients expanding their license volumes, and has recently released an update supporting newer Chromebook devices. Disclaimer* Engage XR Holdings PLC 07 January 2026 7 January 2026 ENGAGE XR Holdings Plc ("ENGAGE XR" or the "Group") Trading Update ENGAGE XR Holdings Plc, an AI/Spatial Computing technology company, announces the following update on trading for the 12 months ending 31 December 2025. Financial Highlights: · The Group expects to report revenue of c.€1.9m (2024: €3.4m) with the Company experiencing delays in contracts being signed and lower than expected enterprise sales and renewals during the year; · The Group expects to report an EBITDA loss of c. € 2.4m (2024: loss of €4.0m), broadly in line with market expectations as management continued to focus on operational efficiencies and strong cost control; and · With management's focus on cost control and cash, cash balances at year end was €1.6m ahead of market expectations (31 December 2024: €3.6m). ENGAGE's primary enterprise use case was training and onboarding new hires, and the global slowdown in hiring especially across the technology sector significantly impacted demand during 2025. Several of our larger enterprise clients renewed at materially lower levels or didn't renew during the second half of the year, which resulted in a lower than expected Q4 performance. We have seen continued traction within the K-12 education sector, where platform usage is increasing. Several larger clients have expanded their licence volumes over the past year and ENGAGE is now serving both the 'homeschool' and 'in-class' lab environments, representing a strategic realignment with the platform's original design and core strengths. In late December 2025, ENGAGE released an update to support newer Chromebook devices and will be demonstrating the platform alongside Lenovo at the Bett Conference in London on 21 January 2026. Official Chromebook support was driven by direct client demand and enables greater scalability within the US education market, where Chromebooks are the dominant device. Having regard to the current trading performance of the Company, the Board is also very much focussed on the Company's cash resources and this will remain a key priority to ensure the company continues to have the required cash resources to fund its operations and to deliver against the opportunities the Board sees for ENGAGE. David Whelan CEO, ENGAGE XR, said : "Overall, 2025 was another challenging year for the Company across multiple fronts due to continued headwinds, especially from the erosion of the enterprise client renewals. The Board recognises the need to deliver improved performance for our shareholders over the long term and therefore as a board we will continue to explore initiatives to deliver on this objective. Notwithstanding the headwinds the Company is confronting, especially in the Enterprise space, as a management team, we continue to believe that the Education sector provides and important opportunity for the Company which will create value for ENGAGE's proposition. We believe that the ENGAGE platform is relevant across schools, universities and the homeschool market, with the United States and Middle East continuing to be key geographic opportunities for the Company. This announcement contains inside information for the purposes of Article 7 of the Market Abuse Regulation (EU) 596/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("MAR"), and is disclosed in accordance with the company's obligations under Article 17 of MAR. For further information, please contact: ENGAGE XR Holdings Plc David Whelan, CEO Séamus Larrissey, CFO Sandra Whelan, COO Tel: +353 87 665 6708 info@engagexr.co C avendish Capital Markets Limited (Nominated Adviser & Broker) Marc Milmo / Seamus Fricker (Corporate finance) Sunila de Silva (ECM) Tel: +44 (0) 20 7220 0500 About ENGAGE XR ENGAGE XR Holdings plc (AIM: EXR) has developed ENGAGE, an immersive training, education and collaboration platform, offering cutting-edge VR/AR tools and environments that elevate employee training and student outcomes. Trusted by enterprise and educational clients worldwide, ENGAGE leverages the transformative power of spatial computing to revolutionize onboarding, sales meetings, product demos and a host of other vital business operations. For further information, please visit: https://engagevr.io/ Forward-Looking Statements Certain statements made in this announcement are forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are not historical facts but rather are based on the Group's current expectations, estimates, and projections about its industry; its beliefs; and assumptions. Words such as 'anticipates,' 'expects,' 'intends,' 'plans,' 'believes,' 'seeks,' 'estimates,' and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties, and other factors, some of which are beyond the Group's control, are difficult to predict, and could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or forecasted in the forward-looking statements. The Group cautions security holders and prospective security holders not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which reflect the view of the Group only as of the date of this announcement. The forward-looking statements made in this announcement relate only to events as of the date on which the statements are made. The Group will not undertake any obligation to release publicly any revisions or updates to these forward-looking statements to reflect events, circumstances, or unanticipated events occurring after the date of this announcement except as required by law or by any appropriate regulatory authority. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Engage XR Holdings (CDI) (EXR) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 hour ago Southern Energy Corp. NPV (DI) 1 hour ago Gateley (Holdings) 1 hour ago Solid State 16 hours ago Metro Bank Holdings PLC 16 hours ago Ocado Group All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and