Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 26 Overview 26 Consolidated Results of Operations 27 Results of Operations by Segment 31 Liquidity and Capital Resources 35 Commodity Trends 40 Critical Accounting Estimates 40 New Accounting Pronouncements 44 Contingencies 44 Financial Measures 44 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk. 50 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 51 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 51 Consolidated Statements of Income 55 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 56 Consolidated Balance Sheets 57 Consolidated Statements of Equity 58 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 59 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 60 Note 1. Basis of Presentation 60 Note 2. Significant Accounting Policies 61 Note 3. New Accounting Standards 66 Note 4. Acquisitions and Divestitures 66 Note 5. Restructuring Activities 69 Note 6. Inventories 71 Note 7. Property, Plant and Equipment 71 Note 8. Goodwill and Intangible Assets 71 Note 9. Income Taxes 77 Note 10. Employees’ Stock Incentive Plans 80 Note 11. Postemployment Benefits 84 Note 12. Financial Instruments 94 Note 13. Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income/(Losses) 99 Note 14. Financing Arrangements 103 Note 15. Commitments and Contingencies 103 Note 16. Debt 105 Note 17. Leases 107 Note 18. Capital Stock 109 Note 19. Earnings Per Share 110 Note 20. Segment Reporting 110 Note 21. Other Financial Data 115 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 117 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 117 Item 9B. Other Information. 118 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 118 PART III 118 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 118 Item 11. Executive Compensation. 118 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 118 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 118 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 118 PART IV 119 Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. 119 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary. 124 Signatures 125 Valuation and Qualifying Accounts S- 1 Unless the context otherwise requires, the terms “we,” “us,” “our,” “Kraft Heinz,” and the “Company” each refer to The Kraft Heinz Company and all of its consolidated subsidiaries. Statements This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains a number of statements. Words such as “anticipate,” “reflect,” “invest,” “see,” “make,” “expect,” “give,” “deliver,” “drive,” “believe,” “improve,” “assess,” “reassess,” “remain,” “evaluate,” “grow,” “will,” “plan,” “intend,” and variations of such words and similar future or conditional expressions are intended to identify statements. These statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding our plans, impacts of accounting standards and guidance, growth, legal matters, taxes, costs and cost savings, impairments, and dividends. These statements reflect management’s current expectations and are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, many of which are difficult to predict and beyond our control. Important factors that may affect our business and operations and that may cause actual results to differ materially from those in the statements include, but are not limited to, operating in a highly competitive industry; our ability to correctly predict, identify, and interpret changes in consumer preferences and demand, to offer new products to meet those changes, and to respond to competitive innovation; changes in the retail landscape or the loss of key retail customers; changes in our relationships with significant customers or suppliers, or in other business relationships; our ability to maintain, extend, and expand our reputation and brand image; our ability to leverage our brand value to compete against private label products; our ability to drive revenue growth in our key product categories or platforms, increase our market share, or add products that are in and more profitable categories; product recalls or other product liability claims; climate change and legal or regulatory responses; our ability to identify, complete, or realize the benefits from strategic acquisitions, divestitures, alliances, joint ventures, or investments; our ability to successfully execute our strategic initiatives; the impacts of our international operations; our ability to protect intellectual property rights; our ability to realize the anticipated benefits from prior or future streamlining actions to reduce fixed costs, simplify or improve processes, and improve our competitiveness; the influence of our largest stockholder; our level of indebtedness, as well as our ability to comply with covenants under our debt instruments; additional impairments of the carrying amounts of goodwill or other intangible assets; foreign exchange rate fluctuations; volatility in commodity, energy, and other input costs; volatility in the market value of all or a portion of the commodity derivatives we use; compliance with laws and regulations and related legal claims or regulatory enforcement actions; failure to maintain an effective system of internal controls; a downgrade in our credit rating; the impact of sales of our common stock in the public market; the impact of our share repurchases or any change in our share repurchase activity; our ability to continue to pay a regular dividend and the amounts of any such dividends; disruptions in the global economy caused by geopolitical conflicts, unanticipated business disruptions and natural events in the locations in which we or our customers, suppliers, distributors, or regulators operate; economic and political conditions in the United States and various other nations where we do business (including inflationary pressures, instability in financial institutions, general economic slowdown, recession, or a potential U.S. federal government shutdown); changes in our management team or other key personnel and our ability to hire or retain key personnel or a highly skilled and diverse global workforce; our dependence on information technology and systems, including service interruptions, misappropriation of data, or breaches of security; increased pension, labor, and expenses; changes in tax laws and interpretations and the final determination of tax audits, including transfer pricing matters, and any related litigation; volatility of capital markets and other macroeconomic factors; and other factors. For additional information on these and other factors that could affect our statements, see Item 1A, Risk Factors . We disclaim and do not undertake any obligation to update, revise, or withdraw any statement in this report, except as required by applicable law or regulation. PART I Item 1. Business. General We are driving transformation at The Kraft Heinz Company (Nasdaq: KHC), inspired by our Purpose, Let’s Make Life Delicious . Consumers are at the center of everything we do. With 2024 net sales of approximately $26 billion, we are committed to growing our iconic and emerging food and beverage brands on a global scale. We leverage our scale and agility to unleash the full power of Kraft Heinz across a portfolio of eight product platforms. As global citizens, we’re dedicated to making a sustainable, ethical impact while helping to feed the world in healthy, responsible ways. On July 2, 2015, through a series of transactions, we consummated the merger of Kraft Foods Group, Inc. (“Kraft”) with and into a subsidiary of H.J. Heinz Holding Corporation (“Heinz”) (the “2015 Merger”). At the closing of the 2015 Merger, Heinz was renamed The Kraft Heinz Company, and H. J. Heinz Company changed its name to Kraft Heinz Foods Company (“KHFC”). We operate on a 52- or 53-week fiscal year ending on the last Saturday in December in each calendar year. Unless the context requires otherwise, references to years and quarters contained herein pertain to our fiscal years and fiscal quarters. Our 2024 fiscal year was a 52-week period that ended on December 28, 2024, our 2023 fiscal year was a 52-week period that ended on December 30, 2023, and our 2022 fiscal year was a 53-week period that ended on December 31, 2022. Reportable Segments: In the first quarter of 2024, we divided our International segment into three operating segments — Europe and Pacific Developed Markets (“EPDM” or “International Developed Markets”), West and East Emerging Markets (“WEEM”), and Asia Emerging Markets (“AEM”) — to enable enhanced focus on the different strategies required for each of these regions as part of our strategic plan. Subsequently, we manage our operating results through four operating segments. We have two reportable segments defined by geographic region: North America and International Developed Markets. Our remaining operating segments, consisting of WEEM and AEM, are combined and disclosed as Emerging Markets. See Note 20, Segment Reporting , in Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data , for our geographic financial information by segment. Resources Trademarks and Intellectual Property: Our trademarks are material to our business and are among our most valuable assets. Depending on the country, trademarks generally remain valid for as long as they are in use or their registration status is maintained. Significant trademarks by segment based on net sales in 2024 were: Majority Owned and Licensed Trademarks North America Kraft, Oscar Mayer, Heinz, Philadelphia, Lunchables, Velveeta, , Capri Sun*, Maxwell House, , International Developed Markets Heinz, Golden Circle, Wattie’s, Plasmon Emerging Markets (a) Heinz, ABC, Master, Quero, Kraft, Pudliszki (a) Emerging Markets represents the aggregation of our WEEM and AEM operating segments. *Used under license. We sell certain products under brands we license from third parties. In 2024, brands used under licenses from third parties included Capri Sun packaged drink pouches for sale in our North America segment. We also grant certain licenses to third parties to use our intellectual property rights in select jurisdictions. In our agreements with an affiliate of Groupe Lactalis (“Lactalis”), we granted the other party various licenses to use certain of our and their respective intellectual property rights in perpetuity, including perpetual licenses for the Kraft and Velveeta brands for certain cheese products. We also own numerous patents worldwide. We consider our portfolio of patents, patent applications, patent licenses under patents owned by third parties, proprietary trade secrets, technology, processes, and related intellectual property rights to be material to our operations. Patents, issued or applied for, cover inventions ranging from packaging techniques to processes relating to specific products and to the products themselves. While our patent portfolio is material to our business, the loss of one patent or a group of related patents would not have a material adverse effect on our business. 1 Our issued patents extend for varying periods according to the date of the patent application filing or grant and the legal term of patents in the various countries where patent protection is obtained. The actual protection afforded by a patent, which can vary from country to country, depends upon the type of patent, the scope of its coverage as determined by the patent office or courts in the country, and the availability of legal remedies in the country. Raw Materials and Packaging: We manufacture (and contract for the manufacture of) our products from a wide variety of raw materials. We purchase and use large quantities of commodities, including dairy products, meat products, tomato products, sugar and other sweeteners, soybean and vegetable oils, coffee beans, wheat and processed grains, eggs, and other fruits and vegetables to manufacture our products. In addition, we purchase and use significant quantities of plastics, cardboard, resin, glass, and metal to package our products, and we use electricity, diesel fuel, and natural gas in the manufacturing and distribution of our products. For commodities that we use across many of our product categories we coordinate sourcing requirements and centralize procurement to leverage our scale. In addition, some of our product lines and brands separately source raw materials that are specific to their operations. We source these commodities from a variety of providers, ranging from large, international producers to smaller, local, independent sellers. Where appropriate, we seek to establish preferred purchaser status and have developed strategic partnerships with many of our suppliers with the objective of achieving favorable pricing and dependable supply for many of our commodities. The prices of raw materials that we use in our products are affected by external factors, such as global competition for resources, currency fluctuations, severe weather or global climate change, pandemics, geopolitical conflicts, consumer, industrial, or investment demand, and changes in governmental regulation and trade, tariffs, alternative energy, and agricultural programs. In 2024, we experienced moderate inflation in our supply chain costs compared to the prior year period, which we expect to continue through 2025. While inflationary pressures within procurement, manufacturing, and logistics costs had a negative impact on our results of operations, we experienced increased stability of these costs as compared to the prior year period. Our procurement teams monitor worldwide supply and cost trends so we can obtain ingredients and packaging needed for production at competitive prices. Although the prices of our principal raw materials can be expected to fluctuate, we believe there will be an adequate supply of the raw materials we use and that they are generally available from numerous sources. We use a range of hedging techniques in an effort to limit the impact of price fluctuations on many of our principal raw materials. However, we do not fully hedge against changes in commodity prices, and our hedging strategies may not protect us from increases in specific raw material costs. We actively monitor changes to commodity costs so that we can seek to mitigate the effect through pricing and other operational measures. Research and Development Our research and development efforts focus on achieving the following four objectives: • product innovations, renovations, and new technologies to meet changing consumer needs, support our environmental and sustainability goals, and drive growth; • and uncompromising food safety, quality, and consistency; • superior, product and package performance; and • continuous process, product, and supply chain optimization and productivity initiatives. Competition Our products are sold in highly competitive marketplaces, including e-commerce retailers, retailers, and discounters. Our competitors include large national and international food and beverage companies and numerous local and regional companies. We compete with both branded and private label products sold by retailers, wholesalers, and cooperatives. We compete on the basis of product innovation, price, product quality, nutritional value, service, taste, convenience, brand recognition and loyalty, effectiveness of marketing and distribution, promotional activity, and the ability to identify and satisfy changing consumer preferences. Improving our market position or introducing new products requires substantial advertising, promotional, and research and development expenditures. 2 Sales Sales and Customers: Our products are sold through our own sales organizations and through independent brokers, agents, and distributors to chain, wholesale, cooperative, and independent grocery accounts; convenience, value, and club stores; pharmacies and drug stores; mass merchants; foodservice distributors; and institutions, including hotels, restaurants, bakeries, hospitals, health care facilities, and government agencies. Our products are also sold online through various e-commerce platforms and retailers. We have key customers in different regions around the world. In 2024, the five largest customers in our North America segment accounted for approximately 46% of North America segment net sales, the five largest customers in our International Developed Markets segment accounted for approximately 28% of International Developed Markets net sales, and the five largest customers in Emerging Markets accounted for approximately 12% of Emerging Markets net sales. Our largest customer, Walmart Inc., represented approximately 21% of our net sales in 2024, 2023, and 2022. Both of our reportable segments have sales to Walmart Inc. In the first quarter of 2024, we changed the way we manage our product portfolio to align with our future growth strategy. As of December 28, 2024, we manage our sales portfolio through eight product platforms. A platform is a lens created for the portfolio based on a grouping of consumer needs and includes the following for Kraft Heinz: Taste Elevation, Easy Ready Meals, Substantial Snacking, Desserts, Hydration, Cheese, Coffee and Meats. Taste Elevation includes condiments, sauces, dressings, and spreads. Easy Ready Meals includes Kraft Mac & Cheese varieties, frozen potato products, and other frozen meals. Substantial Snacking includes Lunchables meal kits, frozen snacks, and pickles. Desserts includes dry packaged desserts, refrigerated ready to eat desserts, and other dessert toppings. Hydration includes ready to drink beverages, powdered beverages, and liquid concentrates. Cheese includes American sliced and recipe cheeses. Coffee includes mainstream coffee, coffee pods, and premium coffee. Meats includes cold cuts, bacon, and hot dogs. The platforms are modular and configurable by reportable segment and market and help us to manage and organize our business effectively by providing insight into our various product categories and brands. Further, each platform is assigned a role within our business to help inform our resource allocation and investment decisions, which are made at the operating segment level. These roles include Accelerate, Protect, and Balance. The role of a platform may also vary by reportable segment and market. Net Sales by Platform: Net sales by platform as a percentage of consolidated net sales for the periods presented were: December 28, 2024 December 30, 2023 December 31, 2022 ACCELERATE Taste Elevation 44 % 44 % 41 % Easy Ready Meals 18 % 18 % 19 % Substantial Snacking 5 % 5 % 6 % PROTECT Desserts 4 % 4 % 4 % Hydration 9 % 9 % 9 % BALANCE Cheese 7 % 7 % 7 % Coffee 3 % 3 % 3 % Meats 8 % 8 % 9 % Other 2 % 2 % 2 % Seasonality Although crops constituting certain of our raw food ingredients are harvested on a seasonal basis, the majority of our products are produced throughout the year. Seasonal factors inherent in our business change the demand for products, including holidays, changes in seasons, or other annual events. While these factors influence our quarterly net sales, operating income/(loss), and cash flows at the product level, unless the timing of such events shift (e.g., a shift in Easter timing), this seasonality does not typically have a significant effect on our consolidated results of operations or segment results. 3 Government Regulation The manufacture and sale of consumer food and beverage products is highly regulated. Our business operations, including the production, transportation, storage, distribution, sale, display, advertising, marketing, labeling, quality, and safety of our products and their ingredients, and our occupational safety, health, and privacy practices, are subject to various laws and regulations. In the United States, our activities are subject to regulation by various federal government agencies, including the Food and Drug Administration, Department of Agriculture, Federal Trade Commission, Department of Labor, Department of Commerce, and Environmental Protection Agency, as well as various state and local agencies. We are also subject to numerous laws and regulations outside of the United States in markets where our products are manufactured, distributed, or sold, including laws and regulations governing food safety, health and safety, , and data privacy. In our business dealings, we are also required to comply with the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (“FCPA”), the U.K. Bribery Act, the U.S. Trade Sanctions Reform and Export Enhancement Act, and various other regulations in the regions in which we operate. We rely on legal and operational compliance programs, as well as and outside counsel, to guide our businesses in complying with applicable laws and regulations. In addition, regulatory regime changes may add cost and complexity to our compliance efforts. Environmental Regulation: Our activities throughout the world are highly regulated and subject to government oversight regarding environmental matters. Various laws concerning the handling, storage, and disposal of hazardous materials and the operation of facilities in environmentally sensitive locations may impact aspects of our operations. In the United States, where a significant portion of our business operates, these laws and regulations include the Clean Air Act, the Clean Water Act, the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act, and the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act (“CERCLA”). CERCLA imposes joint and several liability on each potentially responsible party. We are involved in a number of active proceedings in the United States under CERCLA (and other state actions under similar legislation) related to certain closed, inactive, or divested operations for which we retain liability. As of December 28, 2024, we had accrued an amount we deemed appropriate for environmental remediation. Based on information currently available, we believe that the ultimate resolution of existing environmental remediation actions and our general compliance with environmental laws and regulations will not have a material effect on our earnings or financial condition. However, it is difficult to predict with certainty the potential impact of future compliance efforts and environmental remedial actions and, thus, future costs associated with such matters may exceed current reserves. Human Capital Management We are driven by our Purpose– Let’s make life delicious , our Company Dream— To be the leader in elevating and creating food that makes you feel good, and our Values and Leadership Principles. Those elements represent the foundation upon which our culture is built. They represent the expectations we have for ourselves and the environment we aspire to create for our Company. We recognize that our culture is vital to our overall success and a key competitive advantage. Our people are at the heart of who we are at Kraft Heinz. We drive growth through high accountability, development and career opportunities, empowerment, and autonomy. We recognize and reward outstanding and differentiated performance at every level, creating a true spirit of ownership, ambition, and meritocracy. We strive to channel our employees’ passion, curiosity, and attitude to make an impact on our future and our legacy by leading as learners, acting as owners, and being change agents. Our Board of Directors (“Board”), through the Human Capital and Compensation Committee, oversees our human resources strategy and key policies. Engagement: We are committed to attracting, developing, and retaining talent and creating an engaging and inclusive culture that embodies our Purpose, Dream, Values, and Leadership Principles. As of December 28, 2024, Kraft Heinz had approximately 36,000 employees globally. Driven by our Value We champion great people , we support our employees’ health, safety, and professional development and reward outstanding and differentiated performance at every level. Our rewards strategies (compensation, benefits, recognition, and wellbeing) aim to help our employees help themselves to LiveWell. LiveWell represents our total rewards offerings that are designed to attract and engage highly skilled and performance-oriented talent, meet individual and family needs, and inspire, celebrate, and engage our people and teams through enhanced interactions in moments that matter in an environment where employees feel productive, trusted, and empowered. Guided by our Values, we conduct a global engagement survey annually to provide employees with an opportunity to share anonymous feedback with management across a variety of topic areas. The results and comments are reviewed by the Board, senior leadership, managers, and human resources to help determine where changes are needed to support our people and teams. 4 Our November 2024 survey showed that we hit an high for employee engagement since the 2015 Merger and achieved our aspiration to rank in the on the Inclusion Index, which measures employees feeling like their opinions count, belonging and inclusive leadership. We believe our culture is the secret sauce that sets us apart and drives our success. It is the key ingredient that unites us as a Community of Owners, fosters a sense of belonging, and inspires us to lead the future of food. It is the foundation of our employee value proposition. We grow our people to grow our business. Our Employee Value Proposition is built on three core pillars: • We develop people for greatness, unlocking their full potential through continuous learning and growth opportunities. • We nurture an culture, encouraging people to act with autonomy and treat our business as their own. • We drive impact by challenging the status quo, celebrating differences, and sparking innovation in pursuit of leading the future of food. Over the past decade, we have been on a journey to create a workplace that resembles the consumers that we serve and provide delicious innovations that better serve our people, business, and communities. We have made significant progress, learned a lot, and plan to build on our successes as we set the table for the future. Wellbeing and Safety: Our employees’ health, safety, and wellbeing are a top priority. We establish and administer policies and processes to protect the health, safety, and security of our employees, subcontractors, and all those who visit our facilities, and to comply with applicable regulations. We review and monitor our performance closely to drive improvement. To help us evaluate how effective our safety efforts are in lowering incidents rates, we use a Total Recordable Incident Rate (“TRIR”). TRIR is a medical incident rate based on the U.S. Occupational Safety and Health Administration (“OSHA”) criteria (injuries per 200,000 hours). Our TRIR globally was 0.39 in 2024 and 0.53 in 2023. Our global LiveWell program focuses on four wellbeing elements — physical, emotional, financial, and social health — and provides specific programs and resources to support our employees and their families within each of these areas. Learning and Development: Through Ownerversity, our Kraft Heinz learning ecosystem, we provide learning opportunities for each of our employees, designed to inspire and grow talent within Kraft Heinz while developing employees’ skills and competencies to help them navigate their career journey. Our learning and development offerings are created to enable employees to live our Value We dare to do better every day and own their personal learning and development. We believe this empowers employees to execute with excellence in their current role, accelerate their learning curves, and grow a great career. Through Ownerversity, employees have access to custom Kraft Heinz training, learning and development materials, and external content libraries and articles. Rewards and Compensation: Our Total Rewards philosophy is to provide a meaningful and flexible spectrum of programs that equitably support our workforce and their families, and compliment Kraft Heinz’ strategy and values. Total Rewards includes compensation elements of base pay and wages and incentives, healthcare, savings and insurance plans, wellbeing plans, employee recognition programs, and other voluntary elected benefits. Kraft Heinz is a great place for those who dare to win in a challenging, meritocratic, ambitious, and engaging environment. We believe in ownership and meritocracy, recognizing and rewarding our people on their achievements and impact as they grow their careers with us. We aim for global consistency while respecting local market practices and employee preferences. The plans are designed to be market competitive and to promote our and growth culture and realize our Purpose to Make Life Delicious for employees and their families. Ethics and Transparency: The Kraft Heinz Ethics Helpline is available to our partners, suppliers, customers, and consumers to ask questions or report potential violations of various policies and ethical guidelines, including our Code of Conduct, Supplier Guiding Principles, and Global Human Rights Policy. We report more detailed information regarding our programs and initiatives related to our people and human capital management in our Environmental Social Governance Report. Our 2024 report, which provides our progress through 2023, is available on our website at www.kraftheinzcompany.com/esg . The information on our website, including our ESG Report, is not, and shall not be deemed to be, a part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K or incorporated into any other filings we make with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”). 5 Information about our Executive Officers The following are our executive officers as of February 8, 2025: Name and Title Age Business Experience in the Past Five Years Carlos , Chief Executive Officer and Director 57 Chief Executive Officer (since December 2023); President Kraft Heinz (August to December 2023); Executive Vice President and President, North America (December 2021 to August 2023); and U.S. Zone President (February 2020 to December 2021). Executive Vice President and President, Campbell Snacks (May 2019 to February 2020), and President, Campbell Snacks (March 2018 to May 2019) at Campbell Soup Company (“Campbell”), a food and beverage company. Andre Maciel, Executive Vice President and Global Chief Financial Officer 50 Executive Vice President and Global Chief Financial Officer (since March 2022); Senior Vice President, U.S. Chief Financial Officer, and Head of Digital Transformation (September 2019 to March 2022); Managing Director, Continental Europe (January to August 2019); Chief Financial Officer, U.S. (2017 to January 2019); and Head of U.S. Commercial Finance (2015 to 2017). Diana Frost, Global Chief Growth Officer 42 Global Chief Growth Officer (since December 2023); Chief Growth Officer, North America (August to December 2023); Head of North America Disruption and Canada Chief Marketing Officer (January to August 2022); and Chief Growth Officer, Canada (September 2020 to December 2021). Head of Portfolio Transformation, Mars Wrigley (January 2019 to September 2020) at Mars, Incorporated, a multinational confections company. Marcos Eloi Lima, Executive Vice President and Global Chief Procurement and Sustainability Officer 47 Executive Vice President and Global Chief Procurement and Sustainability Officer (since December 2023); Executive Vice President and Global Chief Procurement Officer (December 2021 to December 2023); Chief Procurement Officer (October 2019 to December 2023); and Advisor in the area of procurement (July to October 2019). Vice President Procurement & Sustainability Middle Americas Zone (2016 to July 2019) at InBev SA/NV (“AB InBev”), a multinational drink and brewing holdings company. Pedro Navio, Executive Vice President and President, North America 44 Executive Vice President and President, North America (since December 2023); President – Taste, Meals, and Away From Home (March 2022 to December 2023); President, Latin America (November 2019 to February 2022); and President, Brazil (2017 to November 2019). Cory Onell, Executive Vice President and Chief Omnichannel Sales and Asian Emerging Markets Officer 51 Executive Vice President and Chief Omnichannel Sales and Asian Emerging Markets Officer (since December 2023) and Chief Sales Officer, U.S. (August 2020 to December 2023). Senior Vice President and Head of U.S. Retail Sales (April to July 2020) at The J. M. Smucker Company, a food and beverage company. Senior Vice President, Sales (2017 to April 2020) at Campbell. Flávio Barros Torres, Executive Vice President and Global Chief Supply Chain Officer 55 Executive Vice President and Global Chief Supply Chain Officer (since December 2021); and Head of Global Operations (January 2020 to December 2021). Global Operations Vice President (2017 to 2019) at AB InBev. Melissa Werneck, Executive Vice President and Global Chief People Officer 52 Executive Vice President and Global Chief People Officer (since December 2021); Global Chief People Officer (2016 to December 2021); and Head of Global Human Resources, Performance and Information Technology (2015 to 2016). Angel Willis Executive Vice President, Global General Counsel and Corporate Affairs Officer 54 Executive Vice President, Global General Counsel and Corporate Affairs Officer (since November 2024); and Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary (January 2019 to November 2024) at Sealed Air Corporation, a global provider of packaging solutions. 6 Available Information Our website address is www.kraftheinzcompany.com . We use our investor relations website, ir.kraftheinzcompany.com, as a routine channel for distribution of important, and often material, information about Kraft Heinz, including quarterly and annual earnings results and presentations, press releases and other announcements, webcasts, analyst presentations, investor days, sustainability initiatives, financial information, and corporate governance practices, as well as archives of past presentations and events. We encourage you to follow our investor relations website in addition to our filings with the SEC to receive timely information about the Company. The information on our website is not part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into this report or any other filings we make with the SEC. Our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, (the “Exchange Act”), are available free of charge on our website as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file them with, or furnish them to, the SEC. In addition, the SEC maintains a website at www.sec.gov that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers, including Kraft Heinz, that are electronically filed with the SEC. Item 1A. Risk Factors. Our business is subject to various risks and uncertainties. In addition to the risks described elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, any of the risks and uncertainties described below could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations and should be considered when evaluating Kraft Heinz. Although the risks are organized and described separately, many of the risks are interrelated. Some of the factors, events, and contingencies discussed below may have occurred in the past, and the disclosures below are not representations as to whether or not the factors, events or contingencies have occurred in the past, but are provided because future occurrences of such factors, events, or contingencies could have a material adverse effect. While we believe we have identified and discussed the material risks affecting our business below, there may be additional risks and uncertainties that are not presently known or that are not currently believed to be material that may adversely affect our business, performance, or financial condition in the future. Industry Risks We operate in a highly competitive industry. The food and beverage industry is highly competitive across all of our product offerings. Our principal competitors in these categories are manufacturers and retailers with their own branded and private label products. We compete based on product innovation, price, product quality, nutritional value, service, taste, convenience, brand recognition and loyalty, effectiveness of marketing and distribution, promotional activity, and the ability to identify and satisfy changing consumer preferences. We may need to reduce our prices, or be restricted or delayed in our ability to increase prices, in response to competitive, customer, consumer, regulatory, or macroeconomic pressures, including pressures related to private label products that are generally sold at lower prices. These pressures have restricted, and may in the future continue to restrict, our ability to increase prices and maintain those price increases in response to commodity and other cost increases, including those related to inflationary pressures. Additionally, the pricing actions we take have, in some instances, negatively impacted, and could continue to negatively impact, our market share and require us to reduce, or further reduce, the prices of certain of our products. Furthermore, our competitors may attempt to gain market share by offering products at prices at or below those typically offered by our company, which may require us to increase spending on advertising and promotions and/or reduce prices. Failure to effectively assess, timely change, and properly set pricing, promotions, or trade incentives may negatively impact our ability to achieve our objectives. In addition, in order to remain competitive, we rely on our ability to secure new retailers and maintain or add shelf space for our products. If we are unable to secure sufficient and attractive shelf space, adequate product visibility, and attractive pricing for our products with retailers, our products may be disadvantaged against our competitors. Even if we obtain preferred product visibility and shelf space, our new and existing products may fail to achieve the sales expectations set by retailers, which may cause these retailers to remove our products from their shelves. Our products are sold in highly competitive marketplaces, including e-commerce retailers, retailers, and discounters. Competition amongst retailers may create consumer price deflation, affecting our retail customer relationships and presenting additional challenges to increasing prices in response to commodity or other cost increases. We may also need to increase or reallocate spending on marketing, retail trade incentives, advertising, and new product, platform, or channel innovation to maintain or increase market share. These expenditures are subject to risks, including uncertainties about trade and consumer acceptance of our efforts. If we are unable to compete effectively, our profitability, financial condition, and operating results may decline. 7 Our success depends on our ability to correctly predict, identify, and interpret changes in consumer preferences and demand, to offer new products to meet those changes, and to respond to competitive innovation. Consumer preferences for food and beverage products change continually and rapidly. Our success depends on our ability to predict, identify, and interpret the tastes and dietary habits of consumers. We must continue to offer products that appeal to consumers, including with respect to their health and wellness preferences and changing consumption patterns, such as those potentially associated with drugs. If we do not offer products that appeal to consumers, our sales and market share will decrease, which could materially and adversely affect our product sales, financial condition, and operating results. Further, changing consumer preferences relating to the healthiness or desirability of ingredients, components, or substances present or allegedly present in our products or packaging could negatively impact our product sales, financial condition, and operating results if we are unsuccessful in our efforts to satisfy consumer preferences. Moreover, weak economic conditions, recessions, inflation, severe or unusual weather events, pandemics, geopolitical conflicts, public boycotts, as well as other factors, could affect consumer preferences and demand, at times, causing a strain on our supply chain due, in part, to retailers, distributors, or carriers modifying their restocking, fulfillment, or shipping practices. Failure to adequately respond to these changes could adversely affect our product sales, financial condition, and operating results. We must distinguish between trends and changes in consumer preferences. If we do not accurately predict which shifts in consumer preferences will be , or if we fail to introduce new and improved products to satisfy those preferences, our sales could decline. In addition, because of our varied consumer base, we must offer an array of products that satisfies a broad spectrum of consumer preferences. If we fail to expand our product offerings successfully across product categories or platforms, or if we do not rapidly develop products in or more profitable categories, demand for our products could decrease, which could materially and adversely affect our product sales, financial condition, and operating results. Prolonged negative perceptions concerning the health, environmental, or social implications of certain food and beverage products, ingredients, or packaging materials could influence consumer preferences and acceptance of our products and marketing programs. Our ability to refine the ingredient and nutrition profiles of and packaging for our products as well as to maintain focus on ethical sourcing and supply chain management opportunities to address evolving consumer preferences are important to our growth. We strive to respond to consumer preferences and social expectations, but we may not be successful in our efforts. Continued negative perceptions and failure to satisfy consumer preferences could materially and adversely affect our product sales, financial condition, and operating results. In addition, our growth depends on our successful development, introduction, and marketing of innovative new products and line extensions. There are inherent risks associated with new product or packaging introductions, including uncertainties about trade and consumer acceptance or potential impacts on our existing product offerings. We may be required to increase expenditures for new product development. Successful innovation depends on our ability to correctly anticipate customer and consumer acceptance, to obtain, protect, and maintain necessary intellectual property rights, and to avoid infringing upon the intellectual property rights of others. We must also be able to respond successfully to technological advances by our competitors (including artificial intelligence, machine learning, and augmented reality, which may become critical in interpreting consumer preferences in the future), and failure to do so could compromise our competitive position and impact our product sales, financial condition, and operating results. Changes in the retail landscape or the loss of key retail customers could adversely affect our financial performance. The retail landscape has experienced, and may continue to experience, the consolidation of ownership of retailers and the presence of buying groups resulting in increased purchasing power. Retail customers, such as supermarkets, warehouse clubs, and food distributors in our major markets, may continue to consolidate, resulting in fewer but larger customers for our business across various channels. These larger customers may seek to leverage their positions to improve their profitability by demanding improved efficiency, lower pricing, more favorable terms, increased promotional programs, or specifically tailored product offerings. In addition, larger retailers have scale to develop supply chains that permit them to operate with reduced inventories or to develop and market their own private label products. Retail consolidation and increasing retailer power could materially and adversely affect our product sales, financial condition, and operating results. Retail consolidation also increases the risk that adverse changes in our customers’ business operations or financial performance may have a corresponding adverse effect on us, which could be material. For example, if our customers cannot access sufficient funds or financing, then they may delay, decrease, or cancel purchases of our products, or delay or fail to pay us for previous purchases, which could materially and adversely affect our product sales, financial condition, and operating results. In addition, systems, which give consumers the ability to shop through e-commerce websites and mobile commerce applications, are also significantly altering the retail landscape in many of our markets. If we are unable to adjust to 8 developments in these changing landscapes, we may be disadvantaged in key channels and with certain consumers, which could materially and adversely affect our product sales, financial condition, and operating results. Changes in our relationships with significant customers or suppliers, or in other business relationships, could adversely impact us. We derive significant portions of our sales from certain significant customers (see Sales and Customers within Item 1, Business ). Some or all of our significant customers may not continue to purchase our products in the same mix or quantities or on the same terms as in the past, particularly as increasingly powerful retailers may demand lower pricing and focus on developing their own brands. The loss of a significant customer or a material reduction in sales or a change in the mix of products we sell to a significant customer could materially and adversely affect our product sales, financial condition, and operating results. Disputes with significant suppliers, including disputes related to pricing or performance, could adversely affect our ability to supply products to our customers and could materially and adversely affect our product sales, financial condition, and operating results. In addition, terminations of relationships with other significant contractual counterparties, including licensors, could adversely affect our portfolio, product sales, financial condition, and operating results. In addition, the financial condition of such customers, suppliers, and other significant contractual counterparties are affected in large part by conditions and events that are beyond our control. Significant deterioration in the financial conditions of significant customers or suppliers, or in other business relationships, could materially and adversely affect our product sales, financial condition, and operating results. Maintaining, extending, and expanding our reputation and brand image are essential to our business success. We have many iconic brands with consumer recognition across the globe. Our success depends on our ability to maintain brand image for our existing products, extend our brands to new platforms, and expand our brand image with new product offerings. We seek to maintain, extend, and expand our brand image through marketing investments, including advertising and consumer promotions, and product innovation. Negative perceptions of food and beverage marketing could adversely affect our brand image or lead to stricter regulations and scrutiny of our marketing practices. Moreover, adverse publicity about legal or regulatory action against us, our quality and safety, our environmental or social impacts, our other environmental, social, human capital, or governance practices or positions, our products becoming unavailable to consumers, or our suppliers (including as a result of human rights issues) and, in some cases, our competitors, could damage our reputation and brand image, undermine our customers’ or consumers’ confidence, and reduce demand for our products, even if the regulatory or legal action is unfounded or not material to our operations. Furthermore, existing or increased legal or regulatory restrictions on our advertising, consumer promotions, and marketing, or our response to those restrictions, could limit our efforts to maintain, extend, and expand our brands. In addition, our success in maintaining, extending, and expanding our brand image depends on our ability to adapt to a rapidly changing media environment. We increasingly rely on social media and online dissemination of advertising campaigns. The growing use of social and digital media increases the speed and extent that information, including misinformation, and opinions can be shared. Negative posts or comments about us, our brands or our products, or our suppliers and, in some cases, our competitors, on social or digital media, whether or not valid, could seriously damage our brands and reputation. In addition, we might fail to appropriately target our marketing efforts, anticipate consumer preferences, or invest sufficiently in maintaining, extending, and expanding our brand image. Placement of our advertisements in social and digital media may also result in damage to our brands if the media itself experiences negative publicity. If we do not maintain, extend, and expand our reputation or brand image, then our product sales, financial condition, and operating results could be materially and adversely affected. We must leverage our brand value to compete against private label products. In nearly all of our product categories, we compete with branded products as well as private label products, which are typically sold at lower prices. Our products must provide higher value or quality to consumers than alternatives, particularly during periods of economic uncertainty or weakness or inflation. Consumers may not buy our products if relative differences in value or quality between our products and private label products change in favor of competitors’ products or if consumers perceive such a change. If consumers prefer private label products, then we could lose market share or sales volume, or our product mix could shift to lower margin offerings. A change in consumer preferences could also cause us to increase capital, marketing, and other expenditures, which could materially and adversely affect our product sales, financial condition, and operating results. 9 We may be unable to drive revenue growth in our key product categories or platforms, increase our market share, or add products that are in and more profitable categories. Our future results will depend on our ability to drive revenue growth in our key product categories or platforms as well as growth in the food and beverage industry in the geographies in which we operate. Our future results will also depend on our ability to enhance our portfolio by adding innovative new products in and more profitable categories or platforms and our ability to increase market share in our existing product categories or platforms. Our failure to drive revenue growth, limit market share decreases in our key product categories or platforms, or develop innovative products for new and existing categories or platforms could materially and adversely affect our product sales, financial condition, and operating results. Product recalls or other product liability claims could materially and adversely affect us. Selling products for human consumption involves inherent legal and other risks, including product contamination, spoilage, product tampering, allergens, or other adulteration. We have decided and could in the future decide to, and have been or could in the future be required to, recall products due to suspected or confirmed product contamination, adulteration, product mislabeling or misbranding, tampering, undeclared allergens, or other deficiencies. Product recalls or market withdrawals could result in significant losses due to their costs, the destruction of product inventory, and lost sales due to the unavailability of the product for a period of time. We could also be adversely affected if consumers lose confidence in the safety and quality of our food products or ingredients, or the food safety system generally. Adverse attention about these types of concerns, whether or not valid, may damage our reputation, discourage consumers from buying our products, or cause production and delivery disruptions that could negatively impact our net sales and financial condition. We may also suffer losses if our products or operations violate applicable laws or regulations or if our products cause injury, illness, or death. In addition, our marketing could face claims of false or deceptive advertising or other criticism. A significant product liability or other legal judgment or a related regulatory enforcement action against us, or a significant product recall, may materially and adversely affect our reputation and profitability. Moreover, even if a product liability or fraud claim is unsuccessful, has no merit, or is not pursued to conclusion, the negative publicity surrounding assertions against our products or processes could materially and adversely affect our product sales, financial condition, and operating results. Climate change and legal or regulatory responses may have a adverse impact on our business and results of operations. Global average temperatures are gradually increasing due to increased concentration of carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases in the atmosphere, which is projected to contribute to significant changes in weather patterns around the globe, an increase in the frequency and severity of natural disasters, and changes in agricultural productivity. Increasing concern over climate change may adversely impact demand for our products, or increase our operating costs, due to changes in consumer preferences that cause consumers to switch away from products or ingredients considered to have a high climate change impact. Increased natural disasters and decreased agricultural productivity in certain regions of the world as a result of changing weather patterns may limit the availability or increase the cost of natural resources and commodities, including dairy products, meat products, tomato products, sugar and other sweeteners, soybean and vegetable oils, coffee beans, wheat and processed grains, eggs, and other fruits and vegetables to manufacture our products, and could further decrease food security for communities around the world. Climate change, and its environmental impacts, could also affect our ability, and our suppliers’ ability, to procure necessary commodities at costs and in quantities we currently experience and may require us to increase costs or make additional unplanned capital expenditures. Further, an increase in the frequency and severity of natural disasters could result in disruptions for us, our customers, suppliers, vendors, , and distributors and impact our employees’ abilities to commute or work from home effectively. These disruptions could make it more difficult and costly for us to deliver our products, obtain raw materials or other supplies through our supply chain, maintain or resume operations, or perform other critical corporate functions, could reduce customer demand for our products, and could increase the cost of insurance. Additionally, there is an increased focus by foreign, federal, state, and local regulatory and legislative bodies regarding environmental policies relating to climate change, regulating greenhouse gas emissions (including carbon pricing or a carbon tax), energy policies, disclosure obligations, and sustainability. Increased energy or compliance costs and expenses due to the impacts of climate change, as well as additional legal or regulatory requirements regarding climate change designed to reduce or mitigate the effects of carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gas emissions on the environment could be costly and may cause disruptions in, or an increase in the costs associated with, the running of our manufacturing and processing facilities and our business, as well as increase distribution and supply chain costs. Moreover, compliance with any such legal or regulatory requirements may require us to make significant changes to our business operations and operating plans, which will likely incur substantial time, attention, and costs. Even if we make changes to align ourselves with such legal or regulatory 10 requirements, we may still be subject to significant penalties if such laws and regulations are interpreted and applied in a manner inconsistent with our practices. The effects of climate change and legal or regulatory initiatives to address climate change could have a adverse impact on our business and results of operations. Finally, we might fail to effectively address increased attention from the media, stockholders, activists, and other stakeholders on climate change and related environmental sustainability matters. Such failure, or the perception that we have failed to act responsibly with respect to such matters or to effectively respond to new or additional regulatory requirements regarding climate change, whether or not valid, could result in adverse publicity and negatively affect our business and reputation. Concurrently, there also exists “ ” sentiments among certain stakeholders, and we may face negative publicity, lawsuits, and other adverse impacts to our business from these stakeholders in response to our sustainability initiatives. From time to time we establish and publicly announce environmental, social, and governance goals, commitments, and aspirations, including to reduce our impact on the environment. Our ability to achieve any stated goal, target, or objective is subject to numerous factors and conditions, many of which are outside of our control. Examples of such factors include evolving regulatory requirements affecting sustainability standards or disclosures or imposing different requirements, the pace of changes in technology, the availability of requisite financing, and the availability of suppliers that can meet our sustainability and other standards. Furthermore, standards for tracking and reporting such matters continue to evolve. Our selection of voluntary disclosure frameworks and standards, and the interpretation or application of those frameworks and standards, may change from time to time or differ from those of others. Methodologies for reporting this data may be updated and previously reported data may be adjusted to reflect improvement in availability and quality of data, changing assumptions, changes in the nature and scope of our operations, and other changes in circumstances. Our processes and controls for reporting sustainability and other matters across our operations and supply chain are evolving along with multiple disparate standards for identifying, measuring, and reporting sustainability metrics, including sustainability-related disclosures that may be required by the SEC, European Union, and other foreign, federal, state, and local regulatory and legislative bodies (including, but not limited to, the European Union’s Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive and Corporate Sustainability Due Diligence Directive and the state of California’s new climate change disclosure requirements), and such standards may change over time, which could result in significant revisions to our current goals, reported progress in achieving such goals, or ability to achieve such goals in the future. If we fail to achieve, or are perceived to have failed or been delayed in achieving, or improperly report on our progress toward achieving these goals and commitments, it could negatively affect consumer preference for our products or investor confidence in our stock, as well as expose us to government enforcement actions and private litigation. Business Risks We may not successfully identify, complete, or realize the benefits from strategic acquisitions, divestitures, alliances, joint ventures, or investments. From time to time, we have evaluated and may continue to evaluate acquisition candidates, alliances, joint ventures, or investments that may strategically fit our business objectives, and, as a result of some of these evaluations, we have acquired businesses or assets that we deem to be a strategic fit. We have also divested and may consider divesting businesses that do not meet our strategic objectives or growth or profitability targets. These activities may present financial, managerial, and operational risks including, but not limited to, diversion of management’s attention from existing core businesses; difficulties in integrating, or inability to successfully integrate, acquired businesses, including integrating or separating personnel and financial and other systems; inability to effectively and immediately implement control environment processes across a diverse employee population; adverse effects on existing or acquired customer and supplier business relationships; and potential disputes with buyers, sellers, or partners. Activities in such areas are regulated by numerous antitrust and competition laws in the United States, Canada, the European Union, the United Kingdom, and elsewhere. We have in the past and may in the future be required to obtain approval of these transactions by competition authorities or to satisfy other legal requirements, and we may be unable to obtain such approvals or satisfy such requirements, each of which may result in additional costs, time delays, or our inability to complete such transactions, which could materially and adversely affect our financial condition and operating results. To the extent we undertake acquisitions, alliances, joint ventures, investments, or other developments in new geographies or categories, we may face additional risks related to such developments. For example, risks related to foreign operations are discussed below under the risk factor titled “ Our international operations subject us to additional risks and costs and may cause our profitability to decline. ” To the extent we undertake divestitures, we may face additional risks related to such activities. For example, risks related to our ability to find appropriate buyers, obtain applicable regulatory and governmental approvals, execute transactions on favorable terms, separate divested business operations with minimal impact to our remaining operations, and effectively manage any transitional service arrangements. Further, our divestiture activities have in the past required, and may in the future require, us to recognize impairment charges. Any of these factors could materially and adversely affect our financial condition and operating results. 11 We may not be able to successfully execute our strategic initiatives. We plan to continue to conduct strategic initiatives in various markets. Consumer demands, behaviors, tastes, and purchasing trends may differ in these markets and, as a result, our sales strategies may not be successful and our product sales may not meet expectations, or the margins on those sales may be less than currently anticipated. We may also face difficulties integrating new business operations with our current sourcing, distribution, information technology systems, and other operations. Additionally, we may not successfully complete any planned strategic initiatives, including achieving any previously announced productivity efficiencies and financial targets, any new business may not be profitable or meet our expectations, or any divestiture may not be completed without disruption. Any of these challenges could hinder our success in new markets or new distribution channels, which could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. Our international operations subject us to additional risks and costs and may cause our profitability to decline. We are a global company with sales and operations in numerous countries within developed and emerging markets. Approximately 31% of our 2024 net sales were generated outside of the United States. As a result, we are subject to risks inherent in global operations. These risks, which can vary substantially by market, are described in many of the risk factors discussed in this section, and also include: • compliance with U.S. laws affecting operations outside of the United States, including and corruption laws such as the FCPA; • changes in the mix of earnings in countries with differing statutory tax rates, the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities, tax laws or their interpretations, or tax audit implications; • the imposition of increased or new tariffs, quotas, trade barriers, or similar restrictions on our sales or imports (including those that may affect our sourcing operations and the availability of raw materials and commodities), trade agreements, regulations, taxes, or policies that might negatively affect our sales or costs; • foreign currency devaluations or fluctuations in foreign currency values, including risks arising from the significant and rapid fluctuations in foreign currency exchange markets and the decisions made and positions taken to hedge such volatility; • compliance with antitrust and competition laws, data privacy laws, human rights laws, and a variety of other local, national, and regulations and laws in multiple jurisdictions; • discriminatory or conflicting fiscal policies in or across foreign jurisdictions; • changes in capital controls, including foreign currency exchange controls, governmental foreign currency policies, or other limits on our ability to import raw materials or finished product into various countries or repatriate cash from outside the United States; • challenges associated with product distribution, including economic sanctions, export controls, and labor restrictions; • changes in local regulations and laws, the uncertainty of enforcement of remedies in foreign jurisdictions, and foreign ownership restrictions and the potential for nationalization or expropriation of property or other resources; • risks and costs associated with political and economic instability, military conflict, corruption, sentiment, and social and ethnic unrest in the countries in which we operate; • the risks of operating in developing or emerging markets in which there are significant uncertainties regarding the interpretation, application, and enforceability of laws and regulations and the enforceability of contract rights and intellectual property rights; • changing labor conditions and difficulties in staffing our operations; • greater risk of uncollectible accounts or trade receivables and longer collection cycles; and • design, implementation, and use of effective control environment processes across our various operations and employee base. Slow economic growth, inflation, or high unemployment in the markets in which we operate could constrain consumer spending, and declining consumer purchasing power could adversely impact our profitability. Any of these factors could materially and adversely affect our product sales, financial condition, and results of operations. 12 Additionally, forced labor concerns have rapidly become a global area of interest, and have resulted in, and are expected to continue to result in, new regulations in the markets in which we operate. For example, the Uyghur Forced Labor Prevention Act (“UFLPA”) prohibits the import of articles, merchandise, apparel, and goods mined, produced, or manufactured wholly or in part in the Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region (“Xinjiang”) of the People's Republic of China, or by entities identified by the U.S. government on the UFLPA Entity List. As a result of the UFLPA, materials and products we import into the United States could be held by U.S. Customs and Border Protection based on a suspicion that inputs used in such materials or products originated from Xinjiang or that they may have been produced by Chinese suppliers alleged to participate in forced labor, pending our provision of satisfactory evidence to the contrary. Among other consequences, such an outcome could result in negative publicity that harms our brands and reputation and could result in a delay or our complete inability to import such materials or products, which could result in inventory shortages and greater supply chain compliance costs. Our intellectual property rights are valuable, and any inability to protect them could reduce the value of our products and brands. We consider our intellectual property rights, particularly and most notably our trademarks, but also our patents, trade secrets, trade dress, copyrights, and licensing agreements, to be a significant and valuable aspect of our business. We attempt to protect our intellectual property rights through a combination of patent, trademark, copyright, trade secret, and trade dress laws, as well as licensing agreements, nondisclosure and assignment agreements, policing of misuses of our intellectual property, and securing our information technology systems. Our failure to develop or adequately protect our trademarks, products, new features of our products, or our technology, or any change in law or other changes that serve to lessen or remove the current legal protections of our intellectual property, may diminish our competitiveness and could materially and adversely affect our product sales, business, and financial condition. We also license certain intellectual property, most notably trademarks, from third parties. To the extent that we are not able to contract with these third parties on favorable terms or maintain our relationships with these third parties, our rights to use certain intellectual property could be impacted, which may adversely impact our results from operations. We may be unaware of intellectual property rights of others that may cover some of our technology, brands, or products. Any litigation regarding patents or other intellectual property could be costly and and could divert the attention of our management and key personnel from our business operations. claims of intellectual property infringement might also require us to enter into costly license agreements. We also may be subject to significant damages or injunctions against development and sale of certain products. We may be unable to realize the anticipated benefits from prior or future streamlining actions to reduce fixed costs, simplify or improve processes, or improve our competitiveness. We have implemented a number of initiatives, including development of an operations center and strategic collaboration with suppliers, that we believe are important to position our business for future success and growth. We have evaluated and continue to evaluate changes to our organizational structure and operations to enable us to reduce costs, simplify or improve processes, and improve our competitiveness. Our future success may depend upon our ability to realize the benefits of these or other initiatives. In addition, certain of our initiatives may lead to increased costs in other aspects of our business such as increased conversion, outsourcing, or distribution costs. We must accurately predict costs and be efficient in executing any plans to achieve cost savings and operate efficiently in the highly competitive food and beverage industry, particularly in an environment of increased competition. To capitalize on our efforts, we must carefully evaluate investments in our business and execute in those areas with the most potential return on investment. If we are unable to realize the anticipated benefits from any efforts, we could be cost disadvantaged in the marketplace, and our competitiveness, production, profitability, financial condition, and operating results could be adversely affected. Berkshire Hathaway Inc. has the ability to exert influence over us and significant influence over matters requiring stockholder approval. As of December 28, 2024, Berkshire Hathaway In c. (“ Berkshire Hathaway” ) owns approximately 27.2% of our common stock. Two members of our Board are officers and/or directors of Berkshire Hathaway or its affiliates. As a result, Berkshire Hathaway has the potential to exercise influence over management and Board decisions, including those affecting our capital structure, such as the issuance of additional capital stock, the incurrence of additional indebtedness, the implementation of stock repurchase programs, and the declaration and amount of dividends. Berkshire Hathaway also has influence over any action requiring the approval of the holders of our common stock, including adopting any amendments to our charter, electing directors, and approving mergers or sales of substantially all of our capital stock or assets. In addition, Berkshire Hathaway is in the business of making investments in companies and may from time to time acquire and hold interests in businesses that compete directly or indirectly with us. Berkshire Hathaway may also pursue acquisition opportunities that may be complementary to our business, and, as a result, those opportunities may not be available to us. 13 Financial Risks Our level of indebtedness, as well as our ability to comply with covenants under our debt instruments, could adversely affect our business and financial condition. We have a substantial amount of indebtedness and are permitted to incur a substantial amount of additional indebtedness, including secured debt. Our existing debt, together with any incurrence of additional indebtedness, could have important consequences, including, but not limited to: • increasing our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions; • limiting our ability to obtain additional financing for working capital, capital expenditures, research and development, debt service requirements, acquisitions, and general corporate or other purposes; • resulting in a downgrade to our credit rating, which could adversely affect our cost of funds, including our commercial paper programs, liquidity, and access to capital markets; • restricting us from making strategic acquisitions or causing us to make divestitures; • limiting our ability to adjust to changing market conditions and place us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors who are not as highly leveraged; • making it more difficult for us to make payments on our existing indebtedness; • requiring a substantial portion of cash flow from operations to be dedicated to the payment of principal and interest on our indebtedness, thereby reducing our ability to use our cash flow to fund our operations, payments of dividends, capital expenditures, and future business opportunities; • exposing us to risks related to fluctuations in foreign currency, as we earn profits in a variety of foreign currencies and the majority of our debt is denominated in U.S. dollars; and • in the case of any additional indebtedness, exacerbating the risks associated with our substantial financial leverage. In addition, we may not generate sufficient cash flow from operations or future debt or equity financings may not be available to us to enable us to pay our indebtedness or to fund other needs. As a result, we may need to refinance all or a portion of our indebtedness on or before maturity. We may not be able to refinance any of our indebtedness on favorable terms, or at all. Any inability to generate sufficient cash flow or to refinance our indebtedness on favorable terms could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition. Our debt instruments contain customary representations, warranties, and covenants, including a financial covenant in our senior unsecured revolving credit facility (the “Senior Credit Facility”) to maintain a minimum shareholders’ equity balance (excluding accumulated other comprehensive income/(losses)). The creditors who hold our debt could accelerate amounts due in the event that we default, which could potentially trigger a default or acceleration of the maturity of our other debt. If our operating performance declines, or if we are unable to comply with any covenant, such as our ability to timely prepare and file our periodic reports with the SEC, we have in the past needed and may in the future need to obtain waivers from the required creditors under our debt instruments to avoid being in default. If we breach any covenants under our debt instruments and seek a waiver, we may not be able to obtain a waiver from the required creditors, or we may not be able to remedy compliance within the terms of any waivers approved by the required creditors. If this occurs, we would be in default under our debt instruments and unable to access our Senior Credit Facility. In addition, certain creditors could exercise their rights, as described above, and we could be forced into bankruptcy or liquidation. Additional impairments of the carrying amounts of goodwill or other intangible assets could negatively affect our financial condition and results of operations. As of December 28, 2024, we maintain 12 reporting units, eight of which comprise our goodwill balance. Our intangible asset balance primarily consists of a number of individual brands . We test our reporting units and brands for impairment annually as of the first day of our third quarter, or more frequently if events or circumstances indicate it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit or brand is less than its carrying amount. Such events and circumstances could include a sustained decrease in our market capitalization, increased competition or unexpected loss of market share, increased input costs beyond projections, disposals of significant brands or components of our business, unexpected business disruptions (for example due to a natural disaster, pandemic, or loss of a customer, supplier, or other significant business relationship), unexpected significant declines in operating results, significant adverse changes in the markets in which we operate, changes in income tax rates, changes in interest rates, or changes in management strategy. We test reporting units for impairment by comparing the estimated fair value of each reporting unit with its carrying amount. We test brands for impairment by comparing the estimated fair value of each brand with its carrying amount. If the carrying amount of a reporting unit or brand exceeds its estimated fair value, we record an impairment loss based on the difference between fair value and carrying amount, in the case of reporting units, not to exceed the associated carrying amount of goodwill. 14 Reporting units and brands that have 20% or less excess fair value over carrying amount as of the 2024 annual impairment test performed as of June 30, 2024 have a heightened risk of future impairments if any assumptions, estimates, or market factors change in the future. Fair value determinations require considerable judgment and are sensitive to changes in underlying assumptions, estimates, and market factors. Estimating the fair value of individual reporting units and brands requires us to make assumptions and estimates regarding our future plans, as well as industry, economic, and regulatory conditions. These assumptions and estimates include estimated future annual net cash flows (including net sales, c

[truncated]