Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 24 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 36 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 36 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 36 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 37 Item 9B. Other Information 39 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 39 PART III 39 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 39 Item 11. Executive Compensation 39 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 39 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 39 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services PART IV 39 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 39 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 45 Signatures 46 Consolidated Financial Statements 48 Special Note Regarding Statements This Annual Report on Form 10-K, including "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation" in Part II, Item 7, and the documents incorporated by reference contain statements. These statements reflect our views regarding current expectations and projections about future events and conditions and are based on currently available information. They are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to risks, uncertainties, and assumptions that are difficult to predict, including the Risk Factors identified in Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report. Our actual results could differ materially from those expressed or implied in any such statements. Expressions of future goals and expectations and similar expressions, including "may," "will," "should," "could," "aims," "seeks," "expects," "plans," "anticipates," "intends," "believes," "estimates," "predicts," "potential," "targets," and "continue," reflecting something other than historical fact are intended to identify statements. Unless required by law, we undertake no obligation to update publicly any statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. However, readers should carefully review the reports and documents we file or furnish from time to time with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC" or the "Commission"). PART I Item 1. Business Our mission is to make it easier for everyone to experience the world. We aim to provide consumers with a experience with tailored planning, payment, language, and other options seamlessly connecting them with our travel service provider partners. We offer these services through five primary brands: Booking.com, Priceline, Agoda, KAYAK, and OpenTable: Accommodations Ground Transportation Flights Activities Restaurants Meta Search Booking.com ☑ ☑ ☑ ☑ Priceline ☑ ☑ ☑ ☑ Agoda ☑ ☑ ☑ ☑ KAYAK ☑ OpenTable ☑ We are proud of the meaningful progress we are making on our strategic initiatives as we continue to create more value for our consumers and partners, including: • achieving record annual room nights in 2025; • integrating new generative artificial intelligence ("Gen AI") features to enhance the consumer and partner experience and drive efficiencies in our operations; • continued advancement towards our Connected Trip vision to make planning, booking, and traveling simpler, more personalized, and seamless; • expanding Booking.com's Genius loyalty program across verticals and continuing to improve loyalty programs across our brands to provide a more personalized experience for consumers and incremental value to partners; • partnering with leading Gen AI organizations; • continuing to increase brand awareness and localization in key geographies such as Asia and the U.S.; • increasing adoption of our payments platform and capabilities; • growing our alternative accommodations offering; • executing on our Transformation Program (as defined below) to drive efficiency and help create capacity for reinvestments in our strategic priorities for value creation; and • broadening our supply and increasing flight and attraction ticket growth at Booking.com and Agoda. Our common stock is listed on the NASDAQ Global Select Market under the symbol "BKNG." We refer to our company and our subsidiaries and brands collectively as "Booking Holdings," the "Company," "we," "our," or "us." 1 Our Business Model We derive substantially all of our revenues from providing online travel reservation services, which facilitate online travel purchases by travelers from travel service providers (which we generally refer to as "consumers" and "partners," respectively). We also earn revenues from payment facilitation, advertising, restaurant reservation and management services, insurance offerings, and other services. For the year ended December 31, 2025, we had revenues of $26.9 billion, which we classify as "merchant" revenues, "agency" revenues, and "advertising and other" revenues. • Merchant revenues are derived from transactions where we facilitate payments from travelers for the services provided, generally at the time of booking. Merchant revenues include travel reservation commissions and transaction net revenues, which is the amount charged to travelers, including the impact of merchandising, less the amount owed to travel service providers; revenues from facilitation of payments such as credit card processing rebates and customer processing fees; and ancillary fees, including insurance revenues. The majority of our merchant revenue is from Booking.com's accommodation reservations. • Agency revenues are derived from transactions where we do not facilitate payments from travelers for the services provided, and consist almost entirely of travel reservation commissions from Booking.com's accommodation reservations. • Advertising and other revenues are derived primarily from (a) revenues earned by KAYAK for sending referrals to partners and for advertising placements, (b) revenues earned by OpenTable for its restaurant reservation services and subscription fees for restaurant management services, and (c) revenues earned by our other brands for advertising placements on their platforms. Our Strategy We aim to: • make it easy for people to plan, find, book, pay for, and experience travel; • provide consumers with comprehensive choices and value, including expanding the range of products and services available on our platforms; • create innovative and valuable Gen consumer and partner offerings; • offer platforms, tools, and insights to our partners to drive mutual growth; and • operate our business sustainably and support more sustainable travel choices by our consumers and partners. We believe that global travel bookings will generally continue to grow while shifting from traditional offline methods to online channels. We expect to benefit from this growth in travel and the continued shift to online channels as we work to expand our service offerings and increase our presence in key geographies. In particular, we seek to (a) leverage technology to provide consumers with a great experience, (b) partner with travel service providers and restaurants to our mutual benefit, (c) operate multiple brands that collaborate with each other, and (d) invest in profitable and sustainable growth. Deliver value and an excellent experience to our consumers and partners. We endeavor to provide consumers with: (a) personalized and online travel services; (b) a comprehensive selection of travel and payment options; (c) informative and useful content; (d) excellent customer service; and (e) value through competitive prices and loyalty programs. We are executing against our strategy to create an ideal traveler experience, offering our customers relevant options and suggestions at the times and in the language they want them, making trips booked with us seamless, easy, and valuable. We refer to this as the "Connected Trip." The goal of our Connected Trip vision is to offer a differentiated and personalized travel planning, booking, payment, and experience for each trip, enhanced by a robust loyalty program that provides value to travelers and partners across all trips. In the near term, we are focused on providing consumers the ability to build a complete travel itinerary from inspiration and planning to suggestions for attraction options. We continue to grow our Connected Trip verticals in 2025, including 37% flight ticket growth, and about 80% attraction ticket growth off a small base. We believe that the growth of our payments capabilities removes friction across the travel experience and delivers additional value for consumers and partners. We offer Gen AI capabilities across our brands, including trip planners, AI assistants to answer consumer queries, and a price comparison tool. Gen AI has also improved customer service resolution times and customer satisfaction. We also aim to establish mutually beneficial relationships with our partners. We believe they benefit from participating in our services by increasing their distribution channels, demand, profile and reputation, and inventory utilization in an efficient and manner. We offer Gen AI powered tools like Smart Messenger and to enable partners to engage with guests more efficiently. Partners also benefit from our trusted brands and marketing efforts, expertise in offering an excellent consumer experience, and ability to offer their inventory in markets and to consumers that they may otherwise be unable or unlikely to reach, for instance due to language or payments services we can offer on their behalf. 2 Operate multiple brands. Our brands allow us to offer numerous services, appeal to different consumers, pursue distinct marketing and business strategies, encourage experimentation and innovation, and focus on specific markets or geographies. We continue to optimize collaboration among our brands to provide consumers with comprehensive and services, share resources and technological innovations, and new services. We invest to support growth by our brands, whether through increased marketing, geographic expansion, technological innovation, or increased access to travel service offerings. Invest in profitable and sustainable growth. We seek to operate our business to drive profitability and growth. We have made significant investments in people, technology, marketing, and our travel offerings, particularly towards our strategic initiatives such as the Connected Trip, payments, and in key regions such as Asia and the U.S. In 2025, we continued our investments in Gen AI to accelerate internal productivity and improve the consumer and partner experience. Through our Transformation Program (as defined below) we are driving efficiencies to create capacity to invest in growth. We also regularly evaluate and may pursue potential strategic acquisitions, partnerships, joint ventures, or investments. Service Offerings Booking.com. Booking.com is the world's leading brand for booking online accommodation reservations, based on room nights booked, with operations worldwide and headquarters in the Netherlands. At December 31, 2025, Booking.com offered accommodation reservation services for approximately 4.4 million properties in over 220 countries and territories and in over 40 languages, consisting of approximately 500,000 hotels, motels, and resorts and approximately 3.9 million homes, apartments, and other unique places to stay. In 2025, Booking.com offered flights in over 55 markets. It also offered tours and activities, rental car reservation services, and ground transportation services across thousands of locations worldwide. Priceline. Priceline is a leader in discount travel reservations, primarily in North America, with headquarters in Norwalk, Connecticut. Priceline offers online accommodation, flight, and rental car reservation services, as well as vacation packages, cruises, activity, and affiliate programs. Agoda. Agoda is a leading online accommodation reservation service catering primarily to consumers in the region, with headquarters in Singapore. Agoda also offers flight, ground transportation, and attractions. KAYAK. KAYAK, headquartered in Norwalk, Connecticut, provides online services that allow consumers to easily search and compare travel itineraries and prices from hundreds of online travel platforms at once. KAYAK offers its services in over 60 countries and territories. OpenTable. OpenTable is a leading brand for booking online restaurant reservations. Headquartered in San Francisco, California, OpenTable provides online restaurant reservation services to consumers and reservation management services to restaurants, primarily in the United States. Marketing and Brand Awareness We have established widely used and recognized e-commerce brands through marketing campaigns and strategic use of performance marketing spend. We invest in marketing and other brand building to preserve and enhance consumer awareness of our brands. Competition We compete globally with both online and traditional travel and restaurant reservation and related services. The markets for the services we offer are intensely competitive and constantly evolving. Competing offerings can be launched at a relatively low cost, with the pace of innovation increasing and the cost to do so decreasing as a result of Gen AI. Our current and potential competitors include the largest global technology companies, which have significantly more consumers, consumer data, and resources than we do, and may be able to leverage other aspects of their businesses to compete more effectively with us. We currently or may in the future compete with companies including: • online travel, restaurant reservation, and services; • large online search, social media, and marketplace companies; • travel service providers (such as hotels, airlines, and rental car companies); • companies offering Gen assistants and agents, or other offerings; • traditional travel agencies, travel management companies, wholesalers, and tour operators; • financial services and credit card companies; and • companies offering software solutions and technology services to travel service providers. 3 For more information regarding current and potential competitors and the competitive nature of the markets in which we operate, see Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors - "Intense competition could reduce our market share and harm our financial performance." Government Regulation Our business operates globally and is subject to a wide range and sometimes conflicting set of evolving laws and regulations across multiple jurisdictions including those relating to payments, the digital marketplace, data protection and privacy, competition, consumer protection, and the travel industry (e.g., the EU's Travel Package Directive). We expend significant cost and effort to maintain compliance programs, systems, and controls in response to these requirements and to meet expectations of stakeholders. As we evolve our offerings or as governments implement new or evolving views of laws and regulations, the scope and complexity of compliance will increase. For example, following the European Commission's designation of us as a gatekeeper under the Digital Markets Act ("DMA") and Booking.com as a "Very Large Online Platform" under the Digital Services Act ("DSA"), we became subject to new requirements and scrutiny. Similarly, as we expand our payment offerings, any failure by us to comply with changes in European payment services regulation, including Payments Services Directive 3 and the proposed Payment Services Regulation, could limit our ability to offer certain payment features in the European Union. Violations of laws or regulations could result in fines, penalties, and criminal sanctions against us, our officers or employees, and prohibitions or interruptions on how or where we conduct our business. For further discussion, see Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors - " Information Security, Cybersecurity, and Data Privacy Risks " and " Legal, Regulatory, Compliance, and Reputational Risks ." Technology Our business is supported by multiple systems and platforms designed with an emphasis on scalability, performance, redundancy, and security. We are continually modernizing our technology by building new applications with modern development tools and application programming interfaces, and we increasingly rely upon public cloud infrastructure. Our applications utilize digital certificates and other security technologies to help us conduct secure communications and transactions, as appropriate. The systems infrastructure and web and database servers of our operations are hosted in data centers in Europe, Asia, and North America, and each provides services and support typical of hosted data centers. See Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors - " Information Security, Cybersecurity, and Data Privacy Risks ." Intellectual Property We rely on intellectual property such as trademarks, copyrights, patents, and trade secrets to support our business as well as domain names or other intangible rights or property secured through purchase, licensing, or other agreements with employees, travel service providers, vendors, and other parties. We have filed applications for protection of certain aspects of our intellectual property in the United States and other jurisdictions, and we hold patents in several jurisdictions. See Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors - " We face risks related to our intellectual property ." Seasonality and Other Timing Factors In 2025, our gross bookings were generally similar in each quarter of the year, with a slightly amount booked in the third quarter and a slightly amount booked in the fourth quarter. We generally recognize our marketing expenses as they are incurred, which is typically in the quarter when the gross bookings for the associated reservations are recognized. However, we would generally recognize revenue from these bookings when the travel begins (at " "), and accommodation in Europe and North America are generally highest in the third quarter during those regions' peak summer travel season and lowest in the first quarter. As a result of this timing difference between when we record marketing expenses and when we recognize associated revenues, we typically experience our highest level of profitability in the third quarter and our lowest level of profitability in the first quarter. In addition to the typical seasonality effects, our quarterly results and quarterly growth rates can be impacted by: • length of the booking window (the average time between the booking of a travel reservation and when the travel begins), which impacts the relationship between our gross bookings (recognized at the time of booking) and our revenues (recognized at the time of ). In 2025, the booking window was generally longer than in 2024 as an increased percentage of bookings were made for travel that was to occur further out from the time of booking; • the level of acceleration or deceleration in the gross bookings growth rate. For example, our operating margins are typically negatively impacted in the near term from gross bookings and related variable marketing expense growth acceleration, as revenue growth is typically less impacted by accelerating gross bookings growth in the near term. Any such acceleration would positively impact revenue growth in subsequent periods as a portion of the revenue recognized from such gross bookings will occur in future quarters. Conversely, in periods where our gross bookings growth rate substantially decelerates, our operating margins typically benefit; and • the date on which certain holidays (e.g., Easter or Ramadan) fall. 4 Human Capital Resources Our employees are fundamental to delivering on our mission to make it easier for everyone to experience the world. Our goal is to attract, develop, and retain talent and to foster opportunities for colleagues to grow and develop their careers. We seek to attract the best and most innovative talent from a wide range of sources to achieve our strategic goals. By cultivating a diverse leadership and workforce that reflects the broad spectrum of people we work with throughout the world, we gain valuable insights from a wide range of backgrounds and experiences that help us understand the needs of our global consumers and partners. We are committed to engaging with our employees across our Company and maintaining a productive workforce that is proud to work for Booking Holdings. Our Board of Directors and the Talent and Compensation Committee have oversight of our human capital management. As a result of our operating structure with multiple distinct brands, our approach to human capital management can vary by brand. Workforce As of December 31, 2025, we employed approximately 24,300 employees, of which approximately 2,900 were based in the United States and approximately 21,400 outside the United States. Approximately 97% of our employees are employees. We also retain independent contractors to support certain functions. We operate in over 220 countries and territories and in over 40 languages globally, and believe that a diverse workforce operating in an inclusive environment has been a part of our success and will help us achieve our strategic goals. Given the broad geographical nature of our business and workforce, we are committed to creating workplaces that embrace the cultures and practices of our employees and we prohibit unlawful discrimination of any type. Attraction, Development, and Retention It is critical that we attract and retain the top talent in our industry. We believe that we offer a rich culture where employees feel empowered to do their best work with opportunities to grow as well as competitive compensation and benefits. We are focused on our employees' engagement and mental , career satisfaction, and development. We offer tailored learning opportunities to enable employees to upskill while at work and drive career conversations between employees and their managers, as well as succession planning. We measure organizational culture and engagement and regularly connect with our employees through engagement and quick pulse surveys to request feedback, and the results of these efforts are shared with senior management. We view our engagement surveys as an important tool for management to solicit and respond to employee feedback. Employee Relations We consider our relations with our employees to be good, and we work collaboratively with relevant works councils, employee representatives, and other labor organizations. 5 Company Websites We maintain websites with the addresses www.bookingholdings.com, www.booking.com, www.priceline.com, www.agoda.com, www.kayak.com, and www.opentable.com, among others. We are not including the information contained on our websites as a part of, or incorporating it by reference into, this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We make available free of charge through the www.bookingholdings.com website our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Current Reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to these reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file or furnish such material with the SEC. These reports and other information are also available, free of charge, at www.sec.gov. In addition, the Company's Code of Conduct is available through the www.bookingholdings.com website and any amendments to or waivers of the Code of Conduct will be disclosed on that website. We intend to use the Investor Relations page of our website (ir.bookingholdings.com) to disclose material information for purposes of the SEC's Regulation Fair Disclosure. We encourage our investors to monitor this website in addition to our other public announcements and SEC filings as information posted on that page could be deemed to be material information. Item 1A. Risk Factors Our business and financial results are subject to risks and uncertainties, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows. The risk factors section should be carefully considered in full, in addition to other information appearing in this Form 10-K, including Part II, Item 7, Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and our consolidated financial statements and related notes. Industry and Business Risks Declines or disruptions in the travel industry could adversely affect our business and financial performance. Our financial results depend upon sales of travel services, which can fluctuate based on consumer discretionary spending levels. Demand for and sales of travel services often decline during periods of perceived or actual adverse economic conditions and times of political or economic uncertainty. Economic and political uncertainty can negatively impact transaction growth rates, cancellation rates, and accommodation average daily rates ("ADRs"). If there are lower ADRs, it generally has a negative effect on our revenues and results of operations. Macroeconomic uncertainties and geopolitical tensions have caused, and in the future may cause, significant volatility in foreign currency exchange rates, stock markets, and oil prices, which can impact consumer travel behavior. The uncertainty of these factors makes it difficult to forecast industry and consumer trends, which could adversely affect our ability to effectively manage our business and our results of operations. Other events beyond our control such as pandemics, terrorist attacks, natural disasters, trade disputes, sanctions, wars and regional hostilities, political unrest, accidents, or overtourism may result in declines in demand or travel restrictions, which could negatively impact our business. These events and their impacts are largely unpredictable and can abruptly affect consumer travel behavior and relationships with travel service providers and partners, which could adversely affect our business and results of operations. Intense competition could reduce our market share and harm our financial performance. We operate in highly competitive and rapidly evolving global markets for travel and restaurant reservation services. Barriers to entry are low, and we compete with online travel companies ("OTCs"), travel service providers offering direct booking (such as airlines, hotels, and rental car companies), traditional travel agencies and operators, companies offering software, payments, or technology solutions, financial services and credit card companies, and global technology companies with significantly greater scale, data, and financial resources. For example, Google links travel search to its dominant search engine and has integrated travel products into Google Maps and its Gemini generative AI ("Gen AI") offering. Other large technology platforms and competitors are developing Gen assistants and agents that can search, compare, recommend, and facilitate travel and dining reservations directly within their search engines, operating systems, messaging platforms, or " ." These offerings may reduce consumers choosing to visit dedicated online travel platforms, reducing direct traffic, bookings, and customer relationships. Gen AI also lowers barriers to entry and enables competitors to potentially replicate or improve core functionality, personalize recommendations and pricing, and acquire customers more efficiently through consumer interactions. AI agents may further evolve into booking platforms, increasing competitive pressure and disintermediating OTCs. If our Gen AI investments are not successful or we are unable to successfully adapt to such changes, our ability to compete, and our business and results of operations, could be adversely affected. 6 For many consumers, the price of a travel service is the primary factor determining whether to book a reservation. Some competitors may operate at minimal or negative margins to gain market share. Travel service providers may offer lower prices through direct or channels, OTC and other competitors may more effectively invest in online marketing channels, and in certain markets we may need to provide discounts or other incentives in order to be competitive, any of which may make it difficult for us to maintain or grow our competitive position or profit margins, and may also result in lower revenues as a percentage of gross bookings. Consolidation among travel service providers or alternative travel offerings could result in lower OTC commission rates, increased discounting, and greater incentives for consumers to join groups. If we are unable to effectively offer competitive prices, our revenues, competitive position, business, and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. We face risks related to the growth rate and the global expansion of our business. We derive a substantial portion of our gross bookings from countries outside the United States. The growth rate of our operations outside the United States have generally declined over time as the absolute level of our gross bookings increased and online travel growth rates declined, and they may also be impacted by factors such as economic conditions, changes in foreign currency exchange rates, declines in ADRs, increases in cancellations, adverse changes in travel market conditions, and competition. Any decline in the growth rates of our businesses could negatively impact our revenue and earnings growth rates. Many markets may have strong local competitors with an established brand and travel service provider or restaurant relationships making expansion in that market difficult or costly. Certain markets in which we operate have unique localized preferences or lower operating margins, or from time to time have experienced declining or no growth. Some of our current and potential competitors may have greater resources or stronger competitive positions in certain regions than we do, or may be domiciled in different countries and subject to political, legal, and regulatory regimes that enable them to compete more effectively than us. Growing our business in such markets could require significant investment, which could have a negative impact on our profit margins. In some markets such as China, local requirements may restrict participation by foreign businesses, making entry into and expansion in those markets costly, difficult, or impossible. If we are unsuccessful in expanding in new and existing markets and managing that expansion, our business and results of operations could be adversely affected. We believe that the breadth, variety, and quality of accommodations on our platforms helps drive our growth. The market for accommodations covers a wide range of property types including alternative accommodations and companies like Airbnb and Vrbo (owned by Expedia) compete directly with our accommodations businesses. The growth rate of accommodations on our platforms may vary in part due to removing accommodations from time to time. Many newer accommodations may have fewer rooms or higher credit risk and may appeal to a smaller subset of customers (e.g., hostels and bed and breakfasts). If occupancy rates increase, accommodation providers often limit their offerings to OTCs. Also, certain jurisdictions have instituted regulations intended to address overtourism, including by restricting accommodation offerings near popular tourist destinations, which may result in constraints on the number of listings or available accommodation room nights or decreased demand, which could negatively impact our growth rate and results of operations. We are dependent on travel service providers, restaurants, search platforms, and other third parties. We rely on third parties to make their services available to consumers for reservation through us. Our travel service providers are generally not required to make available any specific quantity of reservations, or to make reservations available in any geographic area, for any particular route, or at any particular price. Our restaurants are generally not required to provide all of their available tables and reservations to consumers through us. Our arrangements with OTCs and travel service providers to provide information in connection with KAYAK's services are and terminable with little notice. A significant reduction on the part of any of our major travel service providers or restaurants for a sustained period of time or their withdrawal from our services, including due to a provider's bankruptcy or closure, could have an adverse effect on our business, advertising revenue, competitive position, and results of operations. Further, as industry consolidation, including among travel service providers, increases, the potential adverse effect of reduced usage or withdrawal from our services by a significant travel service provider also increases. A significant portion of consumer traffic to our services is derived from platforms, including Google and other search engines, mobile operating systems, app marketplaces, mapping services, and other digital distribution channels. These platforms increasingly incorporate Gen AI features, such as answers, assistants, and recommendations, that may satisfy user intent without directing users to our services or may favor the platform's own or affiliated offerings. Changes in algorithms, ranking methodologies, user interfaces, access terms, pricing, or the placement of content by these platforms could reduce the visibility of our services, increase customer acquisition costs, or decrease traffic and bookings. In addition, platform providers may restrict data access, limit interoperability, or impose commercial terms that disadvantage us relative to competing or native services. If we are unable to maintain favorable placement, access, or economics across traditional digital search as well as evolving distribution channels, our distribution of travel and restaurant reservations through such distribution channels is likely to decline and our business, competitive position, and results of operations could be adversely affected. 7 We offer a range of insurance products related to our travel offerings, primarily through insurance providers. Our business and reputation may be adversely affected if such providers no longer make such offerings available to us on economically reasonable terms or at all. We may not be able to keep up with rapid technological or other market changes. We compete in markets characterized by rapidly changing technology, evolving industry standards, consolidation, frequent product developments, and changing consumer preferences. These characteristics are heightened by the progress of technology adoption, including the continuing adoption of online commerce, growth of mobile transactions and payment, and the development of Gen AI capabilities. We may not be able to keep up with these rapid changes. Our strategy to commercialize the Connected Trip will require increased investments that could have an adverse impact on our results of operations until we achieve the expected return on these investments. The development of the Connected Trip is subject to uncertainties, including further development of the verticals and technological capabilities (including integrating Gen AI) necessary for the Connected Trip experience, the ability to collect, store, and use customer data in a compliant and integrated fashion, and the attraction and retention of employees dedicated to this effort. It may take longer than we expect to realize the Connected Trip vision or it may not achieve the expected return on investment. Our ability to offer a variety of appropriate payment solutions is an important part of our Connected Trip vision. These efforts may also be unsuccessful in improving the travel experience or retaining and attracting new customers. Further, regulatory restrictions may impact the ongoing commercialization of the Connected Trip or increase our costs of compliance. With any technical innovation such as the Connected Trip effort, there could be vulnerabilities and other technical failures, which could result in lost business, harm to our brand or reputation, consumer complaints, or other adverse consequences, any of which could adversely affect our business and results of operations. We may not be able to keep pace with the competitive pressure to innovate. Other companies, including emerging and large technology companies utilizing proprietary Gen AI or similar capabilities, may innovate or develop new services and technologies faster than we can or may foresee consumer need for new services or technologies before we do. Gen AI and other new technologies could influence how consumers search for and book travel, diminish the relevance or competitiveness of our existing technology and service offerings, or require us to modify or adapt our services or infrastructure, any of which could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. Consumers increasingly use mobile devices and apps to make online travel bookings, and may in the future use Gen devices to make bookings. The revenues earned on a mobile transaction may be less than a desktop transaction due to different purchasing patterns. To the extent mobile devices or platforms enable users to block advertising content, our advertising revenue and ability to market our brands may also be negatively affected. If we are unable to attract consumers to our mobile platforms, or app store providers like Google and Apple use their app distribution, mobile operating, or payment platforms to favor competing services, our business, competitive position, future growth, and results of operations could be adversely affected. We face risks related to the growth of our alternative accommodations business. As we continue to grow our alternative accommodations business, we face increasing risks relating to claims of liability, regulatory developments, and continued growth and profitability. Alternative accommodations typically consist of single units or a small collection of independent units, and may result in additional costs for us, which can result in more limited booking opportunities and lower profit margins than hotels, motels, and resorts. Further, alternative accommodations may be unavailable during peak periods due to seasonality or owner use. To the extent alternative accommodations represent an increasing percentage of the properties we add to our platforms, we expect that our growth rate and property growth rate will continue to diverge over time, and the number of reservations per property will likely continue to decrease. Additionally, if we don't offer features preferred by alternative accommodation property owners or our competitors have better features, our alternative accommodations business could be negatively impacted. Alternative accommodations are subject to increased risk of claims of liability based on injury, death, discrimination, or criminal activities. We have no control over the actions of our consumers, property owners, or other third parties during a stay, and cannot guarantee the safety of such individuals. We do not systematically verify the safety, quality, and legal compliance of all of our alternative accommodations and rely on property owners to disclose information relating to their listings, which may be inaccurate or incomplete. Booking.com facilitates the provision of partner liability insurance underwritten by insurance providers to protect certain alternative accommodation partners against liability claims, lawsuits for bodily injury, or property damage that occurs during a stay. If applicable, this insurance provides coverage up to $1.0 million equivalent per occurrence (subject to limitations and exclusions). We retain certain financial risks and could be required to pay amounts in excess of the policy limit. Any resulting complaints or claims could result in negative publicity and increased costs, which could adversely affect our reputation, business, and results of operations. Alternative accommodation rules and regulations are complex, evolving, can be inconsistent among individual localities, and could limit or negatively affect property owners' and managers' ability to rent properties. For example, in conjunction with the 8 Digital Services Act ("DSA"), the European Commission (the "EC") imposes obligations around rental property owner registration, property verification, and enforcement of local registration schemes. Some jurisdictions have adopted or are considering restrictions (e.g., license requirements) on the ability to offer alternative accommodations. We have been and are subject to inquiries related to compliance with such requirements that have resulted in fines and could result in additional fines, adversely affect our reputation, or require operational modifications. This dynamic regulatory environment requires us to expend significant time and resources and could negatively impact our alternative accommodations business. We face risks relating to our marketing efforts . We invest considerable resources in the establishment and maintenance of our brands, marketing and other brand building efforts to preserve and enhance consumer awareness of our brands, and to attract and retain consumers. Performance marketing costs to grow traffic to our platforms are variable because they are dependent on others' marketing spend in the same channels. If we are unable to maintain or enhance consumer awareness and acceptance of our brands or if such efforts are not , our business, competitive position, and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. Our marketing efficiency, expressed as marketing expense as a percentage of gross bookings, and performance marketing return on investment ("ROIs") are impacted by a number of factors that are subject to variability and are in some cases outside of our control, including ADRs, costs per click, cancellation rates, foreign currency exchange rates, our ability to convert traffic to booking consumers, and the timing and effectiveness of our brand marketing campaigns. Marketing efficiency can also be impacted by the extent to which consumers come directly to our platforms for bookings and the economics of distribution channels. If our marketing efforts are less effective at generating new bookings, our marketing efficiency could decrease and our margins, revenues, and earnings growth could be adversely affected. For example, competition for desired placement in search results including among or (i.e., by bot or agent activity) results could increase our and negatively impact our marketing efficiency. At times we may pursue a strategy of increasing marketing ROIs, which could negatively affect our gross bookings and revenue growth rates. Pursuing a strategy of improving performance marketing ROIs along with factors such as competitors' actions in the bidding environment, the amount of marketing invested by these channels to generate demand, and overall marketing platform traffic growth trends, may also impact our gross bookings and revenue growth rates. Negative trends in our marketing efficiency, performance marketing ROIs, or consumer shopping activity could negatively impact our business, competitive position, and results of operations. The development and use of Gen AI may result in reputational harm or legal liability and may adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. We use Gen AI in our business, including for internal productivity purposes and in consumer- and initiatives such as AI travel assistants, price comparison tools, and as part of enhancing the development of our Connected Trip vision. Our utilization of Gen AI may increase risks related to harmful content, inaccuracies, bias or discrimination, intellectual property infringement or misappropriation, data privacy, cybersecurity, or other issues. There is a risk that employees, partners, and consumers are overreliant on AI without sufficient human review of outputs. In some instances, we may make use of foundational models that have been on data which may be insufficient, erroneous, stale, contain biased information, or infringe intellectual property rights. In addition, some users may also engage in fraudulent or abusive activities through our AI services, such as unauthorized account access, payment fraud, or launching cyberattacks. Our implementation of AI systems could result in legal liability, regulatory action, brand, reputational, or competitive harm, or subject us to new regulatory frameworks (such as the European Union's ("EU") Artificial Intelligence Act). Such risks are heightened if we or developers or vendors lack sufficient responsible AI development or governance practices. If we enable or offer Gen AI solutions that do not comply with regulatory requirements, have unintended consequences, are contrary to responsible AI policies and practices, or are otherwise controversial because of their impact on human rights, privacy, employment, or other social, economic, or political issues, our reputation, competitive position, business, financial condition, and results of operations may be adversely affected. We rely on the performance of highly skilled employees and, if we are unable to retain or motivate key employees or hire, retain, and motivate employees, our business would be harmed. Our performance relies on the talents and efforts of highly skilled individuals. Our future success depends on our continued ability to attract and retain a highly skilled workforce. Our ability to attract and retain talent could be negatively impacted by factors such as reorganizations and our hybrid work policies. Competition for employees, especially software engineers, professionals supporting our Gen AI initiatives, and other technology professionals, is intense and costly. Our customer service resources (including outsource arrangements) may be unable to provide adequate customer service support. Additionally, our Gen AI initiatives could alter our infrastructure and workforce. Our success has led to increased efforts by our competitors and others to hire our employees. These difficulties may be amplified by increased ability to work remotely, evolving restrictions on immigration or availability of visas or work permits for skilled technology workers, requirements of applicable collective bargaining agreements, and laws in certain jurisdictions that make recruiting senior talent more difficult, such as the reductions in the partial tax exemption that benefits certain citizens working in the Netherlands. These factors combined with inflationary pressure on compensation has caused our personnel expenses to attract and retain key talent to increase, which may adversely affect our results of operations. If we do not 9 succeed in attracting, and retaining employees, our business, ability to grow and innovate, competitive position, reputation, and results of operations would be adversely affected. Impairments of goodwill, investments, and assets, increases in provisions for expected credit losses on receivables from and cash advances made to our travel service provider and restaurant partners, and increases in cash outlays to refund consumers for prepaid reservations could have a negative impact on our results of operations. During fiscal year 2025, as a result of our annual goodwill impairment test, we recognized goodwill and intangible assets impairment charges. See Note 11 to our Consolidated Financial Statements. The estimation of fair value reflects numerous assumptions that are subject to risks and uncertainties, including key assumptions regarding expected growth rates and operating margin, discount rates, and market comparables. It requires significant judgments and estimates and actual results could be materially different than the judgments and estimates used to estimate fair value. Future events and changing market conditions may lead us to our current assumptions and may result in a need to recognize an additional goodwill or asset impairment charge that could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. Any significant increase in our provision for expected credit losses, or cash outlays to refund consumers for prepaid reservations, could have a corresponding adverse effect on our results of operations and related cash flows. In some instances, where we had agreed to provide free cancellations to consumers for reservations, we did not estimate a recovery of prepayments already made to travel service providers. We may also offer cancellable room rates on behalf of a partner to provide flexibility to our consumers even if the partner has not provided a cancellable room rate, which could have a negative impact on our revenues if we are unable to facilitate booking from another consumer. We face risks related to our operational and technological infrastructures. Our financial results depend on the successful execution of our operating plans. We previously announced certain organizational changes, including the modernization of processes and systems, a reduction in workforce, procurement optimization, and initiatives to achieve real estate savings (the "Transformation Program"). There are no assurances that we will achieve the estimated cost savings goals, realize the expected benefits from the Transformation Program, or manage the Transformation Program effectively. Charges related to the Transformation Program could reduce our profitability in the periods such charges are incurred. Our inability to generate anticipated cost savings, successfully implement our strategies, or efficiently manage our operating plans for the Transformation Program could negatively affect our business and results of operations. Historically, our brands operated on a largely independent basis and many of them focused on particular services or geographies. We continue to optimize collaboration among our brands. As we manage this shift, in addition to managing changes in our workforce we may find it difficult to maintain the beneficial aspects of our corporate culture at our brands and throughout the organization. Any future expansion or shift increases the complexity of our business and places additional strain on our management, operations, technical performance, financial resources, and administrative, legal, tax, internal controls, and financial reporting functions. Our employees and outsourced resources, systems, procedures, and controls may not be adequate to support and effectively manage such changes and increased complexity, or could result in disruption of our service or customer support, especially as we have employees and outsourced resources around the world and we increase the number and variety of our products and payment systems. We are committed to the enhancement of our operational systems and we face risks deploying information technology, payment processing, enterprise resource planning, and other systems as such initiatives are , may cause operational disruption and could affect our results of operations. Inability to successfully implement or adapt these technologies in a timely manner could adversely affect our business or results of operations. Investments in new business strategies and acquisitions could disrupt our ongoing business and present risks not originally contemplated. We have invested and in the future may invest in new business strategies and acquisitions of complementary businesses. Such endeavors may not be successful and may involve significant risks and uncertainties including diversion of management's attention, greater than expected liabilities and expenses, increased regulatory scrutiny, failing to obtain required regulatory approvals on a timely basis or at all, the imposition of conditions that could delay or prevent us from completing a transaction or limit our ability to realize the anticipated benefits of a transaction, inadequate return on capital, legal and compliance obligations that previously did not apply to us, integration risks, and unidentified issues not discovered in our evaluations. We may issue shares of our common stock in these transactions, which could result in dilution to our stockholders. Entering new businesses involves risks and costs that could have an adverse effect on our business, reputation, results of operations, profit margins, cash flows or financial condition, as well as on our ability to achieve the expected benefits of any such investments or acquisitions. In addition, we may decide to make minority investments, including through joint ventures, in which we have limited or no management or operational control. The controlling person in such a case may have interests that are inconsistent with ours, and decisions of the company or venture in which we invested may result in harm to our reputation or business or adversely affect the value of our investment. 10 We may not be able to successfully integrate acquired businesses or manage the operation of our internal businesses. The integration of acquired businesses requires significant time and resources, and we may not manage these processes successfully. In addition to acquired businesses, we may integrate or manage differently certain of our internal businesses, integrate certain functions across our businesses, and restructure or cease operating certain assets or businesses, and we may do so in the future, including through divestitures. These actions are complex, costly, and create a variety of risks, including: • disruption or harm to the businesses involved, or to our other businesses, including the need for management to spend time and attention on them; • difficulty managing different company cultures, systems, processes, and human resource policies and practices, or implementing and maintaining effective internal controls, procedures, and policies; • challenges retaining key personnel; and • loss of travel service providers, restaurants, or other partners. We may not successfully integrate companies or achieve the strategic, financial, or operating objectives of an acquisition or integration, any of which could adversely affect our business, results of operations, or financial condition. Information Security, Cybersecurity, and Data Privacy Risks Our processing, storage, use, and disclosure of personal data exposes us to risks of data breaches and could give rise to liabilities and/or damage our reputation. We depend on software and computing infrastructure (including open source software) for the operation of our business. If threat actors are able to circumvent, interrupt, or adversely affect our security measures, including as a result of our own acts or omissions, it could result in a compromise or breach of consumer, partner, or employee data. Data security is essential to maintaining consumer and partner confidence in our services and the uninterrupted availability of our web and mobile platforms is essential for our business. With cyberattacks evolving and increasing in frequency and sophistication, we may not be able to successfully defend against determined adversaries. In addition, our security policies and controls may not keep pace with the innovation of our offerings and technological advances of threat actors. Threat actors may exploit technologies to breach systems and weaponize AI to target our employees to gain unauthorized access to systems and data. Furthermore, the emergence of quantum technologies may enable threat actors to overcome traditional encryption protocols and launch more sophisticated attacks at scale. We have experienced and responded to cyberattacks, which we believe have not had a material impact on the integrity of our systems or the security of data we maintain. Vulnerabilities in our consumer and partner systems could and have resulted in unauthorized access to personal and confidential data. These risks are likely to increase as we expand our offerings, integrate our products and services, continue to incorporate AI, and store and process more data. The disclosure of sensitive Company, consumer, or other information through our systems or by our workforce or other parties could lead to information loss, reputational harm, monetary damages, regulatory penalties, or worse competitive positioning. We expend significant resources to protect against security breaches and to maintain or increase our security capabilities. Security breaches could result in damage to our reputation, expose us to risk of litigation and liability, subject us to regulatory penalties and sanctions, or cause consumers to lose confidence in us, any of which could have an adverse effect on our brands, competitive positioning, results of operations, and financial condition. Our efforts to protect information from unauthorized access have and could in the future result in the rejection or delay of legitimate attempts to book reservations through our services, which could result in lost business. Additionally, our consumers' personal data has in the past and could in the future be affected by inadvertent disclosure to, or security breaches at, our partners or other third parties upon which we rely. We receive and store a large volume of personally identifiable data and payment information. The handling and storage of such data, as well as privacy rights of consumers, are subject to complex and evolving laws and regulations. While we invest significant resources to comply with regulations such as the EU's General Data Protection Regulation ( "GDPR"), the California Consumer Privacy Act ("CCPA"), the Personal Information Protection Law in the People's Republic of China, the Digital Personal Data Protection Act in India, and the EU Digital Markets Act ("DMA"), they are complex, subject to uncertain interpretation, and impose significant compliance obligations and costs on us. For example, under the GDPR violations could result in fines of up to 20 million Euros or up to 4% of the annual global revenues of the infringer, whichever is greater. In many cases, these laws apply not only to transactions, but also to transfers of information between us and our subsidiaries, including employee information. These laws and their interpretations continue to develop and may be inconsistent from jurisdiction to jurisdiction. Some of these regulations give consumers a private right of action against companies for certain alleged violations of cybersecurity requirements. with these laws could result in damage to our reputation, significant penalties, or other liability. If laws or regulations are expanded to require changes in our business practices, or interpreted in ways that negatively affect our business, our results of operations, financial condition, or competitive position could be adversely affected. 11 Cyberattacks, system vulnerabilities, or inadequate system capacity could lead to sustained service outages, data loss, reduced revenue, increased costs, liability claims, or harm to our competitive position. If our systems cannot cope with the level of demand required to service our consumers and partners, we could experience unanticipated disruptions in service, slower response times, decreased customer service and customer satisfaction, and delays in the introduction of new services. While we maintain redundant systems and hosting services, they may not be sufficient to prevent interruptions. Moreover, while we maintain insurance policies to protect against potential losses caused by security breaches, our insurance policies may not be adequate to reimburse us for losses. We are dependent on connectivity and mobile systems throughout the world. Disruptions in connectivity could materially adversely affect our business and results of operations. We have hardware for operating our services located in hosting facilities around the world. Although we have disaster recovery plans, these systems and operations are vulnerable to damage or interruption and such disaster recovery plans may not be fully effective or cover us in every region. If such events were to occur, we may not be able to recover our systems in a timely manner and it could result in lengthy interruptions or delays in our services. Any system failure that causes an interruption or delay in service could damage our brands, increase customer service costs, or result in lost business for an extended period of time, any of which could adversely affect our business and results of operations. We seek to improve the reliability and redundancy of our systems, however, these steps are expensive, may reduce our margins, and may not be successful in reducing the frequency or duration of unscheduled downtime. We have experienced targeted and organized malware, phishing, and account takeover attacks, and may in the future experience these and other forms of attack such as ransomware, SQL injection (where a third party attempts to insert malicious input in order to gain control of the system), and attempts to use our websites as a platform to launch a attack on another party. Our existing security measures have not always been, and in the future may not be, successful in preventing attacks. For instance, we have incurred costs related to customer reimbursement and customer service, reputational harm, and lost revenue from fictitious listings and account takeovers. Our existing IT business continuity and disaster recovery practices are less effective against certain types of attacks, which could result in interruption of our services, data exposure, and extortion attempts. Reductions in the availability and response time of our services could cause loss of substantial business volumes and measures we may take to divert suspect traffic could result in the diversion of bona fide customers. These issues are more difficult to manage during any expansion of the number of places where we operate and the variety of services we offer, and as the tools and techniques used in such attacks, such as Gen AI or agentic AI become more advanced. We use advanced technology to identify cybersecurity threats; however, cyberattacks may go undetected for a period of time resulting in harm to our computer systems and the loss of data. This could result in regulatory fines, loss of consumers or partners, and reputational harm, among other costs. Successful attacks could result in significant interruptions to our operations, severe damage to our information technology infrastructure, reputational harm, and prevent consumers from using our services, any of which could have a negative effect on the value of our brands, competitive positioning, business, and results of operations. We use both and systems to operate our services, including transaction processing, order management, and financial and accounting systems. If the number of consumers using our services increases substantially, or if critical systems stop operating as designed, we may need to repair, expand, replace, or upgrade our systems. If we are unable to meet demand in a timely manner, it could have a negative impact on our business. Many of our processes and systems are highly automated and involve multiple inputs, which can mitigate the risk of human error but can also make testing, troubleshooting, and auditing more difficult. Our business relies on a global supply chain of services providers and we are exposed to risks because we rely on the resilience, security, and legal compliance of their products and services. We rely on computer systems and service providers, including GDSs and computerized central reservation systems of the accommodation, rental car, and airline industries in connection with providing some of our services. Any damage to, breach of, or interruption in these services and systems or deterioration in their performance could prevent us from booking related reservations and have an adverse effect on our business, brands, and results of operations. business partners, service providers, and consultants may be given access to our computer networks. A cyberattack against one of these third parties that compromises their credentials may result in unauthorized access to our systems and data. Furthermore, our agreements with some service providers do not provide recourse for service interruptions, and such service interruptions could have a negative impact on our business and results of operations. Any publicized privacy and security problems could negatively affect consumers' or partners' willingness to use our services. Some of our business is conducted with marketing affiliates, which may generate travel reservations through our infrastructure or through other systems. A security breach at any third party that we conduct business with could be perceived by consumers or partners as a security breach of our systems and could subject us to notification requirements and regulatory penalties, damage our reputation, and expose us to risk of loss or litigation, even if we had no direct involvement in the breach. In addition, such third parties may not comply with applicable disclosure requirements, or with parameters within which we permit them to process data, which could expose us to liability. 12 We depend upon third parties to process payments, including credit cards, or to provide credit card numbers for payment for our merchant transactions. If any such third party were compromised or ceased or suspended operations, our cash flows could be disrupted or we may not be able to generate merchant transactions (and related revenues) for a period of time and this could have a negative effect on our revenues, business, reputation, and results of operations and, in certain cases (such as insolvency of a partner), the loss of the total transaction value. Tax Risks We may have exposure to additional tax liabilities. We are subject to various taxes around the world. Although we believe our tax filing positions are reasonable and comply with applicable law, we regularly review them and may change our positions or determine that previous positions should be amended, either of which could result in additional tax liabilities. The final determination of tax audits or disputes may be different from what is reflected in our historical tax provisions and accruals. We have been audited in many taxing jurisdictions. If audits find that additional taxes are due, we may be subject to incremental tax liabilities, possibly including interest and penalties, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows. An unfavorable outcome or settlement of pending litigation or audit proceedings could encourage the commencement of additional litigation, audit proceedings, or other regulatory inquiries. Governments have sought to increase tax revenues, which has contributed to an increase in audit activity, more aggressive positions taken by tax authorities, more time and difficulty to resolve audits or disputes, and an increase in new tax legislation. Additional taxes or other assessments may be in excess of our current tax provisions or may require us to modify our business practices in order to reduce our exposure to additional taxes going forward, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. The U.S. Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (the "Tax Act") introduced a tax on 50% of global intangible income ("GILTI") and a base erosion and tax. The One Big Beautiful Bill Act (the "BBB Act") enacted in July 2025 made changes to certain international, foreign tax credit, and domestic tax provisions in the U.S. effective in 2025 and 2026. In addition, the U.S.'s Inflation Reduction Act includes a 15% corporate minimum tax on book income and a 1% excise tax on stock repurchases. The interpretation and implementation of the Tax Act, the BBB Act, the Inflation Reduction Act, and other tax legislation could have a negative impact on our results of operations and cash flows. Increases in the U.S. corporate income tax rate, increasing the percentage of GILTI subject to tax in the U.S., or other changes to U.S. federal tax laws could have a negative impact on our results of operations and cash flows. Certain countries or regulatory authorities have introduced or are considering digital services taxes that may apply to us even if we have no physical presence and are generally not subject to income tax in those jurisdictions. These digital services taxes are calculated as a percentage of revenue rather than income or profits. The interpretation and implementation of the various, and at times inconsistent, digital services taxes could adversely impact our results of operations and cash flows, and if they do not apply to our competitors, could harm our business and competitive position. There have been significant changes made and proposed to international tax laws that increase the complexity, burden, and cost of tax compliance. The Organisation for Economic and Development ("OECD") is focused on tax reform to ensure international tax standards keep pace with changes in global business practices, which could result in tax changes. We continue to monitor the impact of the OECD's tax reform initiatives as countries implement legislation and the OECD provides additional guidance. The implementation of these rules could have a negative impact on our results of operations or cash flows. Changes in U.S. or international taxation of our activities, such as new definitions of permanent establishment, new nexus and profit allocation rules, or the combined effect of tax laws in multiple jurisdictions, may increase our worldwide effective tax rate, increase the complexity and costs associated with tax compliance, and adversely affect our cash flows and results of operations. We are also subject to other taxes, such as taxes ("VAT"), payroll, sales, use, excise, net worth, property, hotel occupancy, and goods and services. We refer generally to taxes on travel transactions (e.g., taxes, sales taxes, excise taxes, hotel occupancy taxes, etc.) as "travel transaction taxes." Changing tax regulation such as the VAT in the digital age proposal in the EU could increase complexity and costs associated with compliance. Additionally, from time to time, we are under audit or investigation by tax authorities or involved in legal proceedings related to these taxes or we may revise our tax positions, which may result in additional tax liabilities. A number of jurisdictions have initiated lawsuits or other proceedings against OTCs, including us, related to, among other things, the payment of certain travel transaction taxes that could include historical taxes that are claimed to be owed, interest, penalties, punitive damages, and/or attorney's fees and costs. Additional jurisdictions may assert that we are subject to travel transaction taxes and could seek to collect such taxes, either retroactively, prospectively, or both. We continue to defend against these lawsuits and, where appropriate, intend to continue to assert that we should not be subject to such taxes. Although we believe we do not owe the taxes claimed in these lawsuits, litigation is uncertain, and if there was an adverse outcome in 13 these lawsuits or similar litigation in other jurisdictions, it could result in liabilities for past and/or future bookings, and it could have an adverse effect on our business, reputation, profit margins, and results of operations. Jurisdictions could also seek to amend their tax statutes in order to collect travel transaction taxes from us on a prospective basis. We may not be able to maintain our "Innovation Box Tax" benefit. The Netherlands corporate income tax law provides that income generated from qualifying innovative activities is taxed at the rate of 9% ("Innovation Box Tax") rather than the Dutch statutory rate of 25.8%. A portion of Booking.com's earnings historically qualified for Innovation Box Tax treatment. Should this benefit be reduced or eliminated, it could substantially increase our effective tax rate and adversely impact our results of operations and cash flows. Legal, Regulatory, Compliance, and Reputational Risks Our business is subject to various competition, consumer protection, and online commerce laws and regulations around the world, and as the size of our business grows, scrutiny of our business in these areas may intensify. We are subject to competition and consumer protection laws and regulations around the world. These laws and regulations evolve, and their interpretation, application, and enforcement can also change, be unpredictable, or be affected by changing political or social pressures. As we expand our business into new areas, including building the Connected Trip vision and integrating Gen AI into our offerings, we may become subject to additional laws and regulations. We have been the subject of investigations or inquiries by national competition authorities ("Competition Authorities") and other governmental authorities regarding competition law matters, consumer protection issues, and other areas. For example, we are involved in investigations related to whether certain of Booking.com's arrangements with accommodation providers are , including with respect to issues like contractual parity, pricing tools or programs offered to partners, or the ranking criteria used in displaying results to consumers. See Note 16 to our Consolidated Financial Statements for information regarding certain legal proceedings in which we are involved. To resolve certain of the proceedings or investigations we have been or are involved in, we have made commitments regarding future business practices or activities including related to our parity arrangements, the information we provide about our search results ranking, and how we display prices, discounts, and popularity and availability statements. Though we have taken steps to comply with such commitments, investigating authorities or third parties may assert that our measures are insufficient and may pursue further action or seek other remedies. We cooperate with regulators but are unable to predict what, if any, effect any investigations or their resolution, including the effect of any commitments we might make, will have on our business, industry practices, or online commerce more generally. An unfavorable outcome in an investigation could encourage additional regulatory inquiries that could become widespread over time, significantly increasing the potential financial and reputational impact on us. To the extent that investigations or inquiries result in additional commitments, changes to our business practices, negative publicity, fines, damages from private litigation, or other remedies, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Competition and investigations, legislation, judgments, or issues have in the past resulted in and could in the future result in private litigation. We are currently involved in such litigation and aware of such potential litigation. For example, a Dutch consumer group has filed a claim against Booking.com relating to the historical use of contractual parity provisions, as well as allegations that Booking.com and Agoda employed misleading practices, and we are aware of similar efforts to pursue potential claims in other jurisdictions. See Note 16 to our Consolidated Financial Statements for more information regarding this and other such claims or potential claims. Class action litigation can be , costly, and unpredictable, regardless of merit, and there may be evolving jurisprudence and less experience with such matters in certain of the geographies where we are or may be involved in such litigation, making outcomes less certain and harder to forecast. If we were to be found liable, it could result in, among other things, payment of damages, commitments to change certain business practices, or reputational damage, any of which could harm our business, results of operations, brands, or competitive position. There is significant legislative and public focus on the technology industry, especially as technology companies become larger. In some instances, countries have passed legislation that goes further to restrict business activities than actions taken by Competition Authorities or other regulatory authorities. The EU's Platform to Business Regulation regulates the relationship between online platforms such as Booking.com and European business users of online platforms. The DMA and DSA give EU regulators more instruments to investigate and regulate digital businesses and impose additional rules and requirements on platforms designated as "gatekeepers" under the DMA and online platforms more generally, with separate rules for "Very Large Online Platforms" ("VLOPs") under the DSA. As a result of our designation as a gatekeeper under the DMA and Booking.com's designation as a VLOP under the DSA, we are subject to additional rules and regulations that may not be applicable to our competitors. For example, Booking.com has implemented changes to address the DMA prohibition on parity arrangements in the European Economic Area and the requirements regarding the usage of data across services, which could adversely impact our business. As a gatekeeper, we also established a compliance function to monitor compliance with the DMA. Under the DSA, as a VLOP, Booking.com is required to collect more information from partners, which could disincentivize certain partners from using our services. Booking.com is also subject to additional scrutiny, obligations, and costs, such as payment of an annual supervisory fee, annual risk assessments and independent audits, and maintaining a compliance function. The DMA and DSA each have significant penalties for , and could lead to private litigation. Our compliance costs have increased in connection with becoming subject to the DMA and DSA, each of which remains subject to further interpretation and regulatory engagement, and could require additional changes to our products, business practices, and compliance activities. If future 14 legislation utilizes a "gatekeeper" or VLOP designation to extend its scope, we could be subject to further regulations, restrictions, or compliance or other obligations that are not applicable to our competitors. The EC designates VLOPs based on a platform's number of EU "monthly active recipients" ("MARs"). The EC requires counting users who display and to whom information was displayed (e.g., partners and consumers), even if a user does not make a transaction on the platform. The assessment of MARs and any other similarly published information by our brands represents an estimate based on the data available to us and limited guidance, and is subject to limitations. Any such estimate is published solely as required by applicable rules or regulations, may be inaccurate, and should not be used for any other purpose. New laws and regulations could impact our services, require us to change our business practices, and impose additional complexity and costs. As market conditions change as a result of investigations, litigation, legislation, changing public perception of the industry, or political or social pressure, we may decide to modify our business practices beyond what is required, the full effects of which may not be known when making the decision, but which could harm our competitive position and adversely affect our bu

[truncated]