Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 27 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 41 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 42 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 42 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 42 Item 9B. Other Information 45 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 45 PART III 45 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 45 Item 11. Executive Compensation 45 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 45 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 45 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services PART IV 46 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 46 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 51 Signatures 52 Consolidated Financial Statements 54 Special Note Regarding Statements This Annual Report on Form 10-K, including "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation" in Part II, Item 7, and the documents incorporated by reference contain statements. These statements reflect our views regarding current expectations and projections about future events and conditions and are based on currently available information. They are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to risks, uncertainties, and assumptions that are difficult to predict, including the Risk Factors identified in Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report. Our actual results could differ materially from those expressed or implied in any such statements. Expressions of future goals and expectations and similar expressions, including "may," "will," "should," "could," "aims," "seeks," "expects," "plans," "anticipates," "intends," "believes," "estimates," "predicts," "potential," "targets," and "continue," reflecting something other than historical fact are intended to identify statements. Unless required by law, we undertake no obligation to update publicly any statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. However, readers should carefully review the reports and documents we file or furnish from time to time with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC" or the "Commission"). PART I Item 1. Business Our mission is to make it easier for everyone to experience the world. We aim to provide consumers with a experience offering the travel choices they want, with tailored planning, payment, language, and other options, seamlessly connecting them with our travel service provider partners. We offer these services through five primary brands: Booking.com, Priceline, Agoda, KAYAK, and OpenTable: Accommodations Ground Transportation Flights Activities Restaurants Meta Search Booking.com ☑ ☑ ☑ ☑ Priceline ☑ ☑ ☑ ☑ agoda ☑ ☑ ☑ ☑ KAYAK ☑ OpenTable ☑ We are proud that, despite ongoing challenges to our global community such as the wars in Ukraine and the Middle East and the impact of inflation, we continued our efforts to make our brands the most trusted and convenient platforms for consumers and partners, including: • achieving record annual room nights in 2024; • continuing to increase brand awareness in key markets such as the U.S., including through sponsorships in the U.S.; • growing our alternative accommodations offering; • improving our loyalty programs, particularly by expanding the Genius program at Booking.com into more travel verticals; • further integrating generative artificial intelligence ("Gen AI") technology into our offerings to add value for consumers and partners; • using Gen AI to drive efficiencies in our operations; • seeking to more effectively manage operating expenses to increase organizational agility and create more capacity for reinvestment, with plans to continue expense reduction in 2025; • improving and expanding our flight offering at Booking.com and Agoda, and offering more opportunities for consumers to discover and book Connected Trips; and • increasing adoption of our payments platform and capabilities. Our common stock is listed on the NASDAQ Global Select Market under the symbol "BKNG." We refer to our company and all of our subsidiaries and brands collectively as "Booking Holdings," the "Company," "we," "our," or "us." 1 Our Business Model We derive substantially all of our revenues from providing online travel reservation services, which facilitate online travel purchases by travelers from travel service providers (which we generally refer to as "consumers" and "partners," respectively). We also earn revenues from advertising services, restaurant reservation and management services, insurance offerings, and other services. For the year ended December 31, 2024, we had revenues of $23.7 billion, which we classify as "merchant" revenues, "agency" revenues, and "advertising and other" revenues. • Merchant revenues are derived from transactions where we facilitate payments from travelers for the services provided, generally at the time of booking. These include transactions where travelers book accommodation, rental car, airline reservations, and other travel related services. Merchant revenues include travel reservation commissions and transaction net revenues (i.e., the amount charged to travelers, including the impact of merchandising, less the amount owed to travel service providers); revenues from facilitation of payments such as credit card processing rebates and customer processing fees; and ancillary fees, including insurance revenues. The majority of our merchant revenue is from Booking.com's accommodation reservations. • Agency revenues are derived from transactions where we do not facilitate payments from travelers for the services provided. Agency revenues consist almost entirely of travel reservation commissions from our reservation services. Substantially all of our agency revenue is from Booking.com's accommodation reservations. • Advertising and other revenues are derived primarily from (a) revenues earned by KAYAK for sending referrals to online travel companies ("OTCs") and travel service providers and for advertising placements on our platforms and (b) revenues earned by OpenTable for its restaurant reservation services and subscription fees for restaurant management services. Our Strategy We aim to demonstrate global leadership in online travel bookings and related services by: • making it easy for people to find, book, pay for, and experience travel; • providing consumers with the most comprehensive choices and value on any device; • offering platforms, tools, and insights to our business partners to drive mutual growth; and • operating our business sustainably and supporting sustainable travel choices by our consumers and partners. We focus on relentless innovation and execution and a commitment to serve both consumers and partners with unmatched service and technology. We believe that global travel bookings will generally continue to grow while shifting from traditional offline methods to online channels like ours. We expect to benefit from this growth in travel and the continued shift to online channels as we work to expand our service offerings and increase our presence in key geographies. In particular, we seek to (a) leverage technology to provide consumers with the best experience, (b) partner with travel service providers and restaurants to our mutual benefit, (c) operate multiple brands that collaborate with each other, and (d) invest in profitable and sustainable growth. Provide the best consumer experience. We endeavor to provide consumers with: (a) personalized and online travel services; (b) a comprehensive selection of travel and payment options; (c) informative and useful content; (d) excellent customer service; and (e) value through competitive prices and loyalty programs. We continue to innovate to meet the needs of our consumers and partners through intuitive, websites and mobile apps. An increasing percentage of our room nights are booked on our mobile apps. We believe that the growth of our payments capabilities across the Company removes friction from the booking process and delivers additional value for travelers and partners. We continue to execute against our strategy to create an ideal traveler experience, offering our customers relevant options and connections at the times and in the language they want them, making trips booked with us seamless, easy, and valuable. We refer to this as the "Connected Trip." The goal of our Connected Trip vision is to offer a differentiated and personalized online travel planning, booking, payment, and experience for each trip, enhanced by a robust loyalty program that provides value to travelers and partners across all trips. In the near term, we are focused on providing consumers the ability to build a complete travel itinerary by enabling them to travel to their destination by flight or rental car, make a reservation with one of our accommodation partners, and experience an attraction while on their trip. We continue to grow our Connected Trip verticals, including 38% flight ticket growth in 2024. We have also launched Gen AI capabilities, including a trip planner, an AI assistant to answer consumer queries, and a price comparison tool. We believe Gen AI has the potential to enhance our Connected Trip offering. We strive to provide excellent customer service, including through call centers and online platforms and the use of virtual assistants. Partner with travel service providers and restaurants. We aim to establish mutually beneficial relationships with our partners around the world. We believe they benefit from participating in our services by increasing their distribution channels, demand, profile and reputation, and inventory utilization in an efficient and manner. They also benefit from our 2 trusted brands and marketing efforts, expertise in offering an excellent consumer experience, and ability to offer their inventory in markets and to consumers that they may otherwise be unable or unlikely to reach, for instance due to language or payments services we can offer on their behalf. Operate multiple brands. Our brands allow us to offer numerous services, appeal to different consumers, pursue distinct marketing and business strategies, encourage experimentation and innovation, and focus on specific markets or geographies. We continue to optimize collaboration among our brands to provide consumers with comprehensive and services, share resources and technological innovations, and new services. We invest to support growth by our brands, whether through increased marketing, geographic expansion, technological innovation, or increased access to travel service offerings. Invest in profitable and sustainable growth. We seek to offer online services that meet the needs and the expectations of consumers and partners and that we believe will result in mutual profitability and growth. We have made significant investments in people, technology, marketing, and added or expanded travel offerings. In 2024, we continued our investments in Gen AI to benefit internal productivity and improve the consumer and partner experience. We also regularly evaluate and may pursue potential strategic acquisitions, partnerships, joint ventures, or investments as part of our business strategy. Service Offerings Booking.com. Booking.com is the world's leading brand for booking online accommodation reservations, based on room nights booked, with operations worldwide and headquarters in the Netherlands. A t December 31, 2024, Booking.com offered accommodation reservation services for approximately 4.0 million properties in over 220 countries and territories and in over 40 languages, consisting of approximately 500,000 hotels, motels, and resorts and approximately 3.5 million homes, apartments, and other unique places to stay. In 2024, globally Booking.com offered flights in over 55 markets and tours and activities in 1,700 cities, as well as rental car reservation services in over 42,000 locations and ground transportation services at approximately 1,900 airports. Priceline. Priceline is a leader in discount travel reservations, primarily in North America, with headquarters in Norwalk, Connecticut. Priceline offers online accommodation, flight, and rental car reservation services, as well as vacation packages, cruises, activity, and hotel distribution services for partners and affiliates. Agoda. Agoda is a leading online accommodation reservation service catering primarily to consumers in the region, with headquarters in Singapore. Agoda also offers flight, ground transportation, and activities reservation services. KAYAK. KAYAK, headquartered in Stamford, Connecticut, provides online services that allow consumers to easily search and compare travel itineraries and prices from hundreds of online travel platforms at once. KAYAK offers its services in over 60 countries and territories. OpenTable. OpenTable is a leading brand for booking online restaurant reservations. With significant operations in San Francisco, California, OpenTable provides online restaurant reservation services to consumers and reservation management services to restaurants, primarily in the United States. Marketing and Brand Awareness We have established widely used and recognized e-commerce brands through marketing campaigns and strategic use of performance marketing spend. We invest in marketing and other brand building to preserve and enhance consumer awareness of our brands. Competition We compete globally with both online and traditional travel and restaurant reservation and related services. The markets for the services we offer are intensely competitive and constantly evolving. Current and new competitors launch new services at a relatively low cost. Some of our current and potential competitors include the largest global technology companies, which have significantly more customers or users, consumer data, and resources than we do, and may be able to leverage other aspects of their businesses (e.g., search or mobile device businesses, or Gen AI capabilities) to compete more effectively with us. For example, Google's online travel offerings have grown rapidly in this area by linking travel search services to its dominant search functionality through flight, hotel, and alternative accommodations products, and by integrating such products into its Google Maps app. We currently, or may in the future, compete with a variety of companies, including: • online travel or restaurant reservation services and services; 3 • large online search, social media, and marketplace companies; • travel service providers (e.g., accommodations, rental car companies, or airlines); • traditional travel agencies, travel management companies, wholesalers, tour operators, and financial institutions; • companies offering software solutions and technology services to travel service providers; and • companies offering AI agents powered by Gen AI via leveraging e.g., virtual assistants. For more information regarding current and potential competitors and the competitive nature of the markets in which we operate, see Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors - "Intense competition could reduce our market share and harm our financial performance." Government Regulation Our business is affected by regulations of governments and regulatory authorities around the world, many of which are evolving and subject to revised and novel interpretations. Violations of laws or regulations could result in fines, penalties, and criminal sanctions against us, our officers or employees, and prohibitions on how or where we conduct our business. Even if we are compliant, doing business in certain jurisdictions or violations of these laws and regulations by the parties with which we conduct business risks harming our reputation and brands. Regulations that may impact us include: • Data Protection and Privacy : We have policies and a governance framework to comply with privacy laws that apply to our business, meet evolving stakeholder expectations, and support innovation and growth. Regulations such as the EU's General Data Protection Regulation ("GDPR"), the California Consumer Privacy Act (the "CCPA") and other comprehensive state consumer privacy laws impose significant compliance obligations and costs. Other jurisdictions have adopted or may adopt similar data protection regulations. Some of these laws afford consumers a private right of action against companies like ours for certain statutory violations. • Competition, Consumer Protection and Online Commerce : Competition and consumer protection authorities are increasingly focused on large technology companies and the regulation of digital platforms. The Digital Markets Act ("DMA") and Digital Services Act ("DSA") give EU regulators more instruments to investigate and regulate digital businesses and impose rules and requirements on online platforms, including those designated as "gatekeepers" under the DMA, with separate rules for "Very Large Online Platforms" ("VLOPs") under the DSA. The European Commission has designated the Company as a gatekeeper under the DMA for the service provided through Booking.com and Booking.com as a VLOP under the DSA. • Regulation of the Travel Industr y: Our business is impacted by regulations such as local regulation of alternative accommodations or measures to address the issues of "overtourism" and the impact of tourism on the climate. Further, some parts of our business are already subject to certain requirements of the EU Package Travel Directive (the "Package Directive"), and as our offerings continue to diversify and expand, we may become subject to additional requirements of the Package Directive or other regulations. • Payment s: As we expand our payments services to consumers and business partners in different geographies, we are subject to additional regulations, such as local financial services or export control regulations and license requirements, which has resulted in increased compliance costs and complexities, including those associated with the implementation of new or advanced internal controls. We are also subject to payment card association rules and obligations under our contracts with payment card processors, including the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard, compliance with which is complex and costly. For further discussion of these regulations and how other global regulations may impact our business, see Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors - " Information Security, Cybersecurity, and Data Privacy Risks " and " Legal, Regulatory, Compliance, and Reputational Risks ." Technology Our business is supported by multiple systems and platforms designed with an emphasis on scalability, performance, redundancy, and security. Our systems connect us with vendors and partners. We are modernizing our technology by building new applications with modern development tools and application programming interfaces, and we increasingly rely upon public cloud infrastructure. Our applications utilize digital certificates and other security technologies to help us conduct secure communications and transactions, as appropriate. The systems infrastructure and web and database servers of our worldwide operations are hosted in data centers in Europe, Asia, and North America, and each provides services and support typical of hosted data centers. See Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors - " Information Security, Cybersecurity, and Data Privacy Risks ." 4 Intellectual Property The protection of our intellectual property is important to our success. We rely on intellectual property such as trademarks, copyrights, patents, and trade secrets to support our business as well as domain names or other intangible rights or property secured through purchase, licensing, or other agreements with employees, travel service providers, vendors, and other parties. We have filed applications for protection of certain aspects of our intellectual property in the United States and other jurisdictions, and we hold patents in several jurisdictions. See Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors - " We face risks related to our intellectual property ." Seasonality and Other Timing Factors In 2024, our gross bookings were generally similar in the first three quarters of the year and higher than in the fourth quarter. We generally recognize our marketing activities as the expense is incurred, which is typically in the quarter when the gross bookings for the associated reservations are recognized. However, we would generally recognize revenue from these bookings when the travel begins (at " "), and accommodation in Europe and North America are generally highest in the third quarter during those regions' peak summer travel season and lowest in the first quarter. As a result of this timing difference between when we record marketing expenses and when we recognize associated revenues, we typically experience our highest levels of profitability in the third quarter and our lowest level of profitability in the first quarter. In addition to the typical seasonality effects on our business, our quarterly results and quarterly growth rates can be impacted by: • The length of the booking window (the average time between the booking of a travel reservation and when the travel begins), which impacts the relationship between our gross bookings (recognized at the time of booking) and our revenues (recognized at the time of ). In 2024, the booking window was generally longer than we experienced in 2023 as an increased percentage of bookings were made for travel that was to occur further out from the time of booking; • The level of acceleration or deceleration in the gross bookings growth rate. For example, our operating margins are typically negatively impacted in the near term from gross bookings and related variable marketing expense growth acceleration, as revenue growth is typically less impacted by accelerating gross bookings growth in the near term. Any such acceleration would positively impact revenue growth in subsequent periods as a portion of the revenue recognized from such gross bookings will occur in future quarters. Conversely, in periods where our gross bookings growth rate substantially decelerates, our operating margins typically benefit; and • The date on which certain holidays (e.g., Easter or Ramadan) fall. Human Capital Resources Our employees are fundamental to delivering on our mission to make it easier for everyone to experience the world. Our goal is to attract, develop, and retain talent and to foster opportunities for colleagues to grow and develop their careers. We seek to attract the best and most innovative talent from a wide range of sources to achieve our strategic goals. By cultivating a diverse leadership and workforce that reflects the broad spectrum of people we work with throughout the world, we gain valuable insights from a wide range of backgrounds and experiences that help us understand the needs of our global consumers and partners. We are committed to engaging with our employees across our Company and maintaining a productive workforce that is proud to work for Booking Holdings. Our Board of Directors and the Talent and Compensation Committee have oversight of our human capital management. As a result of our operating structure with multiple distinct brands, our approach to human capital management can vary by brand. Workforce As of December 31, 2024, we employed approximately 24,300 employees, of which approximately 3,100 were based in the United States and approximately 21,200 outside the United States. We retain independent contractors to support certain functions, but approximately 99% of our employees are employees. 5 We operate in over 220 countries and in over 40 languages globally, and believe that a diverse workforce operating in an inclusive environment has been a part of our success and will help us achieve our strategic goals. Given the broad geographical nature of our business and workforce, we are committed to creating workplaces that embrace the cultures and practices of our employees and we prohibit unlawful discrimination of any type. As of December 31, 2024, approximately 46% of our employees were women, approximately 26% of our technology positions were filled by women, and approximately 34% of leadership (which includes vice presidents and above for all brands except Booking.com, which includes senior directors and above due to a greater number of employees) were women. Gender Diversity of Employees (as of December 31, 2024) While a significant percentage of our workforce is located in jurisdictions that may present challenges to tracking certain employee demographics for legal reasons, we seek other ways to assess our employees' experience. For example, all of our brands include questions in annual employee engagement surveys to gauge our inclusivity progress. We also publish our consolidated report for employees in the United States, although as of December 31, 2024, this represented only approximately 13% of our workforce. Attraction, Development, and Retention It is critical for our business that we attract and retain the top talent in our industry. We believe that we offer a rich culture where employees feel empowered to do their best work with opportunities to grow as well as competitive compensation and benefits. We are focused on our employees' engagement and mental , career satisfaction, development, and succession planning. We offer tailored learning opportunities to enable employees to upskill while at work and drive career conversations between employees and their managers, as well as succession planning. We measure organizational culture and engagement so we can be responsive to our employees' needs. We regularly connect with our employees through engagement and quick pulse surveys to request feedback, and the results of these efforts 6 are shared with senior management. We believe that the results of our 2024 engagement surveys broadly demonstrate an engaged workforce. Employee Relations Although we have works councils or employee representatives in certain countries, our U.S. employees are not represented by a labor union or covered by a collective bargaining agreement. We work collaboratively with works councils, employee representatives, and other organizations in relevant jurisdictions. We have never had a work stoppage and we consider our relations with our employees to be good. Company Websites We maintain websites with the addresses www.bookingholdings.com, www.booking.com, www.priceline.com, www.agoda.com, www.kayak.com, and www.opentable.com, among others. We are not including the information contained on our websites as a part of, or incorporating it by reference into, this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We make available free of charge through the www.bookingholdings.com website our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Current Reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to these reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file or furnish such material with the SEC. These reports and other information are also available, free of charge, at www.sec.gov. In addition, the Company's Code of Conduct is available through the www.bookingholdings.com website and any amendments to or waivers of the Code of Conduct will be disclosed on that website. Item 1A. Risk Factors Our business and financial results are subject to risks and uncertainties, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows. The risk factors section should be carefully considered in full, in addition to other information appearing in this Form 10-K, including Part II, Item 7, Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and our consolidated financial statements and related notes. The following is only a summary of the principal risks that make an investment in our securities speculative or risky. Risk Factors Summary Industry and Business Risks • Adverse changes in market conditions for travel services; • The effects of competition; • Our ability to successfully manage growth and expand our global business; • Adverse changes in relationships; • Our performance marketing efficiency and the effectiveness of our marketing efforts; • Our ability to respond to and keep up with rapid technological or other market changes; • The development and use of generative AI ("Gen AI"); • Our ability to attract and retain qualified personnel; • Operational and technological infrastructure risks; Information Security, Cybersecurity, and Data Privacy Risks • Data privacy and cyberattack risks; • IT failures or security breaches; Tax Risks • Risks related to exposure to additional tax liabilities and maintaining tax benefits; Legal, Regulatory, Compliance, and Reputational Risks • Legal and regulatory risks; • Risks associated with the facilitation of payments; Financial Risks • Fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates and other risks associated with doing business in multiple currencies and jurisdictions; • Risks of increased debt levels and stock price volatility; and 7 • Success of investments and acquisitions, including integration of acquired businesses. Industry and Business Risks Declines or disruptions in the travel industry could adversely affect our business and financial performance. Our financial results depend upon sales of travel services, which can fluctuate based on consumer discretionary spending levels. Demand for and sales of travel services often decline during periods of perceived or actual adverse economic conditions and times of political or economic uncertainty. Economic and political uncertainty can negatively impact transaction growth rates, cancellation rates, and accommodation average daily rates ("ADRs"). While lower occupancy rates can increase distribution of accommodation reservations through intermediaries such as us, if there are lower ADRs, it generally has a negative effect on our revenues and results of operations. Macroeconomic uncertainties have led to significant volatility in currency exchange rates, stock markets, and oil prices, which can impact consumer travel behavior. The uncertainty of macroeconomic factors and their impact on consumer behavior makes it difficult to forecast industry and consumer trends and their potential impact on our business, which could adversely affect our ability to effectively manage our business and adversely affect our results of operations. Other events beyond our control such as pandemics, terrorist attacks, natural disasters, wars and regional hostilities, accidents, or increased focus on the environmental impact of travel may disrupt or limit the ability or willingness of travelers to visit certain locations, or result in declines in demand for our travel offerings. Responses to such events by governments or global organizations could restrict travel in ways that could impact our ability to conduct our business. Because these events and their impacts are largely unpredictable, they can dramatically and suddenly affect travel behavior by consumers, demand for and provision of our services, and relationships with travel service providers and other partners, any of which can adversely affect our business and results of operations. Intense competition could reduce our market share and harm our financial performance. We compete globally with online and traditional travel and restaurant reservation and related services. The markets for the services we offer are intensely competitive and constantly evolving. Current and new competitors launch new services at a relatively low cost. Some of our current and potential competitors include the largest global technology companies, which have significantly more consumers, consumer data, and resources than we do, and may be able to leverage other aspects of their businesses (e.g., search or mobile device businesses or Gen AI and similar or related capabilities) to compete with us. For example, Google's online travel offerings have grown rapidly by linking travel search services to its dominant search functionality through flight, hotel, and alternative accommodations products, and integrating such products into Google Maps. Similarly, several companies developing Gen platforms have used travel search and reservation capabilities to illustrate the possible use cases for this technology. The structure of the travel industry or consumer preferences could also change in ways that disadvantage us and benefit competitors or new entrants. If we are unable to successfully adapt to such changes, our ability to compete, and our business and results of operations, would be adversely affected. We currently, or may in the future, compete with companies that provide a variety of products and services, including: • online platforms, including accommodation and alternative accommodation search or reservation services, travel , and large online companies including in search, social media, marketplace, Gen AI, and ; • travel service providers (e.g., accommodations, rental car companies, or airlines), which may offer lower prices on their direct channel than they provide to us; • traditional travel agencies, travel management companies, wholesalers, and tour operators; • companies offering software solutions and technology services to travel service providers, including global distribution systems ("GDSs") and hospitality software and payments platforms; and • companies offering AI agents powered by Gen AI that can perform or facilitate services, such as virtual assistants. Some of our current and potential competitors may have greater resources or stronger competitive positions in certain geographic regions than we do. For example, some of our competitors may be domiciled in different countries and subject to political, legal, and regulatory regimes that enable them to compete more effectively than us. The market for accommodations covers a wide range of property types including alternative accommodations, and companies like Airbnb and Vrbo (owned by Expedia) compete directly with our accommodations businesses. services may lower the cost for new companies to enter the market by providing a distribution channel without the cost of promoting the new entrant's brand and also compete directly with us for customers. They may also evolve into more traditional online travel companies ("OTCs") by offering consumers the ability to make travel reservations directly. Moreover, some of our competitors and potential competitors offer a variety of online services, many of which are used by consumers more frequently than online travel services or have created " " where consumers can use such various services without leaving the company's app. A competitor that has established other, more frequent online or interactions with consumers may be 8 able to more easily or acquire customers for its online travel services than we can. Some competitors include private platforms, which can more easily withstand significant losses for an extended period of time while building market share through heavy marketing and/or discounting of their services. In addition, competitors may more effectively invest in online marketing channels, which could hinder growth of our services if they are more successful at promoting their platform than us. For many consumers, the price of a travel service is the primary factor determining whether to book a reservation. In some cases, our competitors are willing to make little or no profit on a transaction or offer travel services at a loss in order to gain market share. In certain markets, we may need to provide discounts or other incentives in order to be competitive, which may make it difficult for us to maintain or grow market share, maintain historical profit margins, and may also result in lower ADRs and lower revenues as a percentage of gross bookings. Consolidation among travel service providers or the development of alternative offerings as a result of Gen AI could result in lower OTC commission rates, increased discounting, and greater incentives for consumers to join groups as such travel service providers expand their offerings. If we are unable to effectively offer competitive prices, our revenues, market share, business, and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. We face risks related to the growth rate and the global expansion of our business. We have significant operations in countries outside the United States and derive a substantial portion of our gross bookings from these countries. Our OTC operations outside of the United States historically had achieved significant growth in their gross bookings, though growth rates have generally declined over time as the absolute level of our gross bookings increased and online travel growth rates declined. Other factors may also slow the growth rates of our businesses outside of the United States, including economic conditions, strengthening of the U.S. Dollar versus other currencies, declines in ADRs, increases in cancellations, adverse changes in travel market conditions, and competition. Any decline in the growth rates of our businesses could negatively impact our revenue and earnings growth rates and as a consequence our stock price. We are also subject to risks related to expanding our business internationally. International markets may have strong local competitors with an established brand and travel service provider or restaurant relationships making expansion in that market difficult or costly. Certain markets in which we operate have unique localized preferences or lower operating margins, or from time to time have experienced declining or no growth. Scaling and growing our business in such markets could require significant investment, which could have a negative impact on our profit margins. In some markets such as China, local requirements may restrict participation by foreign businesses, making our entry into and expansion in those markets costly, difficult, or impossible. If we are unsuccessful in expanding in new and existing markets and managing that expansion, our business and results of operations could be adversely affected. We believe that the breadth, variety, and quality of accommodations on our platforms helps drive our growth. The growth rate of the number of accommodations on our platforms may vary in part due to removing accommodations from time to time. Many newer accommodations we offer may have fewer rooms or higher credit risk and may appeal to a smaller subset of consumers (e.g., hostels and bed and breakfasts). If occupancy rates increase, accommodation providers often limit their offerings to OTCs. Also, certain jurisdictions have instituted regulations intended to address the issues of "overtourism" and the impact of tourism on climate, including by restricting accommodation offerings near popular tourist destinations. As a result, we may experience constraints on the number of listings or available accommodation room nights or decreased demand, which could negatively impact our business growth rate and results of operations. We are dependent on travel service providers, restaurants, search platforms, and other third parties. We rely on providers of accommodations, rental cars, and airline tickets, and on restaurants, to make their services available to consumers for reservation through us. Our arrangements with travel service providers generally do not require them to make available any specific quantity of reservations, or to make reservations available in any geographic area, for any particular route, or at any particular price. Similarly, our arrangements with restaurants generally do not require them to provide all of their available tables and reservations to customers through us. Our arrangements with OTCs and travel service providers to provide pricing, schedules, availability, and other information in connection with Kayak's services are and can be terminated with little notice. A significant reduction on the part of any of our major travel service providers, or restaurants, for a sustained period of time or their complete withdrawal from our services, including due to a provider's bankruptcy or closure, could have an adverse effect on our business, advertising revenue, market share, and results of operations. Further, as consolidation among travel service providers increases, or if Gen AI better enables, or offers alternatives for travel service providers to reach consumers, the potential adverse effect of a decision by a significant travel service provider to withdraw from or reduce its participation in our services also increases. We rely upon Google and other search and services to generate a significant portion of traffic to our platforms, principally through marketing campaigns. The pricing and operating dynamics on these platforms can change rapidly. If the logic determining placement and display of results of a consumer's search changes, the placement of links to our platforms can be negatively affected and our costs to improve or maintain our placement can increase. A decline or slowing growth in travel search traffic also negatively impacts our ability to efficiently generate traffic to our platforms through 9 performance marketing on general search platforms, which could have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations. We rely on various distribution channels (i.e., marketing affiliates) to distribute accommodation, rental car, and airline ticket reservations. If distribution through such third parties declines, our business, market share, and results of operations could be adversely affected. We offer a range of insurance products related to our travel offerings, primarily through insurance providers. Our business and reputation may be adversely affected if such providers no longer make such offerings available to us on economically reasonable terms or at all. We face risks related to the growth of our alternative accommodations business. Our alternative accommodations business faces risks relating to claims of liability, regulatory developments, and continued growth and profitability. Because alternative accommodations are often either a single unit or a small collection of independent units, and may have additional costs to be offered on our platforms, these properties generally represent more limited booking opportunities and lower profit margins than hotels, motels, and resorts. Further, alternative accommodations may be subject to increased seasonality or may not be available at peak times due to use by property owners. To the extent alternative accommodations represent an increasing percentage of the properties we add to our platforms, we expect that our growth rate and property growth rate will continue to diverge over time, and the number of reservations per property will likely continue to decrease. Alternative accommodations are subject to claims of liability based on injury, death, discrimination, or criminal activities occurring at these properties. We have no control over the actions of our consumers, property owners, and other third parties during a stay, and cannot guarantee the safety of such individuals. We have not in the past and may not in the future undertake to systematically verify the safety, quality, and legal compliance of our alternative accommodation listings. We rely on property owners to disclose information relating to their listings and such information may be inaccurate or incomplete. Moreover, Booking.com facilitates the provision of partner liability insurance that may protect alternative accommodation partners against liability claims, lawsuits by third parties for bodily injury, or personal property damage that occur during a stay at a partner property. This partner liability insurance, if applicable to the claim, may provide partners with up to $1.0 million equivalent (policy limit) of third party liability coverage related to the underlying claim, though the Company could be required to pay amounts in excess of the policy limit. Any resulting complaints or claims could result in negative publicity and increased costs, which could adversely affect our reputation, business, and results of operations. Alternative accommodation regulation is new and evolving, and laws, regulations, or property association rules could impose obligations on property owners and managers that limit or negatively affect their ability to rent their properties. For example, in conjunction with the Digital Services Act ("DSA"), the European Commission (the "EC") has adopted a rental regulation that imposes new obligations around property owner registration, property verification, and enforcement of local registration schemes. Some jurisdictions have adopted or are considering restrictions on the ability to offer alternative accommodation properties or that require online platforms, owners, or managers to obtain a license to rent or list alternative accommodations. From time to time, we have been and are subject to inquiries related to compliance with alternative accommodation legal requirements that have resulted in fines and could result in additional fines, adversely affect our reputation, or require modifications to our business operations. Legal requirements applicable to alternative accommodations are evolving and can be inconsistent among individual localities, and we are unable to predict what effect they may have on our business. This dynamic regulatory environment requires us to expend significant time and resources and could negatively impact our alternative accommodation reservation business. We face risks relating to our marketing efforts . We invest considerable resources in the establishment and maintenance of our brands, marketing and other brand building efforts to preserve and enhance consumer awareness of our brands, and to attract and retain customers. Performance marketing costs to grow traffic to our platforms are variable because they are dependent on others' marketing spend in the same channels. If we are unable to maintain or enhance consumer awareness and acceptance of our brands or if such efforts are not , our business, market share, and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. Our marketing efficiency, expressed as marketing expense as a percentage of gross bookings, and performance marketing return on investment ("ROIs") are impacted by a number of factors that are subject to variability and are in some cases outside of our control, including ADRs, costs per click, cancellation rates, foreign currency exchange rates, our ability to convert traffic to booking customers, and the timing and effectiveness of our brand marketing campaigns. Marketing efficiency can also be impacted by the extent to which consumers come directly to our platforms for bookings. If our marketing efforts are less effective at generating new bookings, our marketing efficiency could deteriorate and our margins, revenues, and earnings growth could be adversely affected. For example, competition for desired rankings in search results and/or a decline in ad clicks by consumers could increase our and negatively impact our marketing efficiency. At times we may pursue a strategy of increasing marketing ROIs, which could negatively affect our gross bookings and revenue growth rates. Pursuing a strategy of improving performance marketing ROIs along with factors such as competitors' actions in the bidding environment, the amount of 10 marketing invested by these channels to generate demand, and overall marketing platform traffic growth trends, may also impact our gross bookings and revenue growth rates. Negative trends in our marketing efficiency, performance marketing ROIs, or consumer shopping activity could negatively impact our business, market share, and results of operations. We may not be able to keep up with rapid technological or other market changes. We compete in markets characterized by rapidly changing technology, evolving industry standards, consolidation, frequent service developments, and changing consumer preferences. In addition, these market characteristics are heightened by the progress of technology adoption in various markets, including the continuing adoption of online commerce in certain geographies and the growth of mobile e-commerce transactions. We may not be able to keep up with these rapid changes. Our strategy to build the Connected Trip will require increased investments that could have an adverse impact on our results of operations until we achieve the expected return on these investments. The development of the Connected Trip is subject to uncertainties, including further development of the verticals and technological capabilities (which may include developing and integrating technologies like Gen AI) necessary for the Connected Trip experience, the ability to collect, store, and use customer data in a compliant and integrated fashion, and the attraction and retention of employees dedicated to this effort. It may take longer than we expect to realize the Connected Trip vision or it may not achieve the expected return on investment. These efforts may also not be successful in improving the travel experience or retaining and attracting new customers. Further, regulatory restrictions may impact our ability to commercialize the Connected Trip or expose us to unanticipated liabilities. With any technical innovation such as the Connected Trip effort, there could be vulnerabilities and other technical failures, which could result in lost business, harm to our brand or reputation, consumer complaints, and other adverse consequences, any of which could adversely affect our business and results of operations. In the future the competitive pressure to innovate could encompass a wider range of services and technologies, and our ability to keep pace may slow. Other companies, including emerging or large technology companies utilizing proprietary Gen AI or similar capabilities, may be able to innovate and focus on developing a new product or service faster than we can or may foresee consumer need for new services or technologies before we do. In addition, the widespread adoption of new technologies, such as Gen AI and machine learning, could influence how customers search for and book travel, render our existing technology obsolete, require us to modify or adapt our services or infrastructure, which could adversely affect our results of operations or financial condition. Consumers increasingly use mobile devices and apps to make online travel bookings. The revenues earned on a mobile transaction may be less than a desktop transaction due to different purchasing patterns. To the extent mobile devices or platforms enable users to block advertising content, our advertising revenue and ability to market our brands may also be negatively affected. If we are unable to attract consumers to our mobile platforms, or app store providers like Google and Apple use their app distribution, mobile operating, or payment platforms to favor competing services to ours, we could lose market share and our business, future growth, and results of operations could be adversely affected. Our ability to offer a variety of appropriate payment solutions is an important part of our value proposition for our partners and consumers. If we are unable to offer consumers their preferred method of payment, it would limit our growth opportunities and our business and results of operations could be harmed. The development and use of Gen AI may result in reputational harm or legal liability and may adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. We are seeking to incorporate Gen AI in our business, including for internal productivity purposes and in consumer- and initiatives such as AI travel assistants, price comparison tools, and as part of enhancing the development of our Connected Trip vision. Our evolving efforts to utilize Gen AI may increase risks related to harmful content, inaccuracies, bias or discrimination, intellectual property infringement or misappropriation, data privacy, cybersecurity, or other issues. In some instances we may make use of foundational models that have been on data which may be insufficient, erroneous, stale, contain biased information, or infringe intellectual property rights. Our implementation of AI systems could result in legal liability, regulatory action, brand, reputational, or competitive harm, or subject us to new regulatory frameworks (such as the European Union Artificial Intelligence Act). Such risks are heightened if we or developers or vendors lack sufficient responsible AI development or governance practices. If we enable or offer Gen AI solutions that have unintended consequences, are contrary to responsible AI policies and practices, or are otherwise controversial because of their impact on human rights, privacy, employment, or other social, economic, or political issues, our reputation, competitive position, business, financial condition, and results of operations may be adversely affected. Our Gen AI initiatives will require increased investment in infrastructure and headcount. If our Gen AI investments are not successful or our competitors are better at the deployment of Gen AI technologies , our business and financial performance could be harmed. We rely on the performance of highly skilled employees; and, if we are unable to retain or motivate key employees or hire, retain, and motivate employees, our business would be harmed. 11 Our performance relies on the talents and efforts of highly skilled individuals. Our future success depends on our continuing to attract and retain a highly skilled workforce. Our ability to attract and retain talent could be negatively impacted by factors such as the recently announced organizational changes, including an expected workforce reduction, and our hybrid work environment. Competition for employees, especially software engineers and other technology professionals, is intense and costly. In addition, our customer service resources (including outsource arrangements) may be unable to provide adequate customer service support. Our success has led to increased efforts by our competitors and others to hire our employees. These difficulties may be amplified by increased ability to work remotely, evolving restrictions on immigration or availability of visas or work permits for skilled technology workers, requirements of applicable collective bargaining agreements, and laws in certain jurisdictions that make recruiting senior talent more difficult, such as the reductions in the partial tax exemption that benefits certain citizens working in the Netherlands. These factors combined with inflationary pressure on compensation has caused our personnel expenses to attract and retain key talent to increase, which may adversely affect our results of operations. If we do not succeed in attracting and retaining employees, our business, ability to grow and innovate, competitive position, reputation, and results of operations would be adversely affected. Impairments of goodwill, investments, and assets, increases in provisions for expected credit losses on receivables from and cash advances made to our travel service provider and restaurant partners, and increases in cash outlays to refund consumers for prepaid reservations have a negative impact on our results of operations. We have recorded and may in the future record impairments of goodwill, investments, or assets. Future events and changing market conditions may result in the need to recognize goodwill, investment, or asset impairment charges, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. Any significant increase in our provision for expected credit losses and any significant increase in cash outlays to refund consumers could have a corresponding adverse effect on our results of operations and related cash flows. We could experience a high level of cancellations of existing reservations which could result in higher than normal cash outlays to refund consumers for prepaid reservations. In some instances, where we had agreed to provide free cancellations to consumers for reservations, we did not estimate a recovery of prepayments already made to travel service providers. We may also offer cancellable room rates on behalf of a partner to provide flexibility to our consumers even if the partner has not provided a cancellable room rate, which could have a negative impact on our revenues if we are unable to facilitate booking from another consumer. We face risks related to our operational and technological infrastructures. Our financial results depend on the successful execution of our operating plans. We previously announced our intention to implement certain organizational changes, including modernizing processes and systems, an expected workforce reduction, optimizing procurement, and seeking real estate savings (the "Transformation Program"). There are no assurances that we will achieve the estimated cost savings goals, realize the expected benefits from the Transformation Program, or manage the Transformation Program effectively. We may also incur significant charges related to the Transformation Program, which could reduce our profitability in the periods such charges are incurred. Our inability to generate anticipated cost savings, successfully implement our strategies, or efficiently manage our operating plans for the Transformation Program could negatively affect our business and results of operations. Historically, our brands operated on a largely independent basis and many of them focused on particular services or geographies. We continue to optimize collaboration among our brands. As we manage this shift, in addition to managing changes in our workforce we may find it difficult to maintain the beneficial aspects of our corporate culture at our brands and throughout the organization. Any future expansion or shift increases the complexity of our business and places additional strain on our management, operations, technical performance, financial resources, and administrative, legal, tax, internal controls, and financial reporting functions. Our employees and outsourced resources, systems, procedures, and controls may not be adequate to support and effectively manage such changes and increased complexity, or could result in disruption of our service or customer support, especially as we have employees and outsourced resources around the world and we increase the number and variety of our products and payment systems. In addition, we are conducting a phased migration to integrate and upgrade certain systems and processes. The implementation of new information technology, payment, enterprise resource planning, or other systems is disruptive and costly and may not be successful, which could adversely affect our business and results of operations. Any failure to implement or adapt to new technologies in a timely manner or at all could adversely affect our ability to compete, increase our consumer acquisition costs, or otherwise adversely affect our business, brands, market share, reputation, or results of operations. 12 Investments in new business strategies and acquisitions could disrupt our ongoing business and present risks not originally contemplated. We have invested and in the future may invest in new business strategies and acquisitions of complementary businesses. Such endeavors may not be successful, such as our agreement to acquire flights booking provider Etraveli Group that was terminated after the EC blocked the transaction in 2023. Additionally, such ventures may involve significant risks and uncertainties, including diversion of management's attention from current operations, greater than expected liabilities and expenses, increased regulatory scrutiny, failing to obtain required regulatory approvals on a timely basis or at all, the imposition of conditions that could delay or prevent us from completing a transaction or limit our ability to realize the anticipated benefits of a transaction, inadequate return on capital, new risks with which we are not familiar, legal and compliance obligations that previously did not apply to us, integration risks, and unidentified issues not discovered in our evaluations of those strategies and acquisitions. We may issue shares of our common stock in these transactions, which could result in dilution to our stockholders. Entering new businesses involves risks and costs that could have an adverse effect on our business, reputation, results of operations, profit margins, cash flows or financial condition, as well as on our ability to achieve the expected benefits of any such investments or acquisitions. In addition, we may decide to make minority investments, including through joint ventures, in which we have limited or no management or operational control. The controlling person in such a case may have interests that are inconsistent with ours, and decisions of the company or venture in which we invested may result in harm to our reputation or business or adversely affect the value of our investment. We may not be able to successfully integrate acquired businesses or manage the operation of our internal businesses. The integration of acquired businesses requires significant time and resources, and we may not manage these processes successfully. In addition to acquired businesses, we may integrate or manage differently certain of our internal businesses, integrate certain functions across our businesses, and restructure or cease operating certain assets or businesses, and we may do so in the future, including through divestitures. These actions are complex, costly, and create a variety of risks, including: • disruption or harm to the businesses involved, or to our other businesses, including the need for management to spend time and attention on them; • difficulty managing different company cultures, systems, processes, and human resource policies and practices, or implementing and maintaining effective internal controls, procedures, and policies; • challenges retaining key personnel; and • loss of travel service providers, restaurants, or other partners. We may not successfully integrate companies or achieve the strategic, financial, or operating objectives of an acquisition or integration, any of which could adversely affect our business, results of operations, or financial condition. Information Security, Cybersecurity, and Data Privacy Risks Our processing, storage, use, and disclosure of personal data exposes us to risks of data breaches and could give rise to liabilities and/or damage our reputation. We depend on software and computing infrastructure (including open source software) for the operation of our business. If threat actors such as , hackers, or organizations are able to circumvent, interrupt, or adversely affect our security measures, including as a result of our own acts or omissions, it could result in a compromise or breach of consumer, partner, or employee data. Data security is essential to maintaining consumer and partner confidence in our services and the uninterrupted availability of our web and mobile platforms is essential for our business. Consumers may provide us with their personal identity data and payment information, which in turn attracts attention from threat actors. With cyberattacks evolving and increasing in frequency and sophistication, we may not be able to successfully defend against determined adversaries. In addition, our security policies and controls may not keep pace with the innovation of our offerings and technological advances of threat actors, such as leveraging AI. We have experienced and responded to cyberattacks, which we believe have not had a material impact on the integrity of our systems or the security of data we maintain. Vulnerabilities in our consumer and partner systems could and have resulted in unauthorized access to personal and confidential data, such as the inadvertent disclosure of data to partners that may be undetected for a period of time. These risks are likely to increase as we expand our offerings, integrate our products and services, incorporate AI, and store and process more data. The disclosure of sensitive Company, consumer, or other information through our systems or by our workforce or other parties could lead to information loss, reputational harm, monetary damages, regulatory penalties, or loss of a competitive advantage. We expend significant resources to protect against security breaches and to maintain or increase our systems' security. Security breaches could result in negative publicity, damage our reputation, expose us to risk of loss or litigation and liability, subject us to regulatory penalties and sanctions, or cause consumers to lose confidence in us and choose to use the services of our competitors, any of which would have an adverse effect on our brands, market share, results of operations, and financial condition. Our efforts to protect information from unauthorized access have and could in the future result in the rejection or delay of legitimate attempts to book reservations through our services, which could result in lost 13 business. Additionally, our consumers' personal data has in the past and could in the future be affected by inadvertent disclosure to, or security breaches at, third parties upon which we rely. For example, we are currently assessing an inadvertent personal customer data disclosure to a limited number of marketing partners that was recently discovered by Booking.com. We have contracts that include confidentiality provisions with such partners and at this time do not believe the information was exposed beyond such partners, but are continuing to assess this matter. We receive and store a large volume of personally identifiable data and payment information. The handling and storage of such data, as well as privacy rights of consumers, are subject to complex and evolving laws and regulations in numerous jurisdictions. While we invest significant resources to comply with regulations such as the European Union's (the "EU") General Data Protection Regulation (the "GDPR"), the California Consumer Privacy Act (the "CCPA"), the Personal Information Protection Law in the People's Republic of China, the Digital Personal Data Protection Act in India, and the EU Digital Markets Act ("DMA"), they are complex, subject to uncertain interpretation, and impose significant compliance obligations and costs on us. For example, under the GDPR violations could result in fines of up to 20 million Euros or up to 4% of the annual global revenues of the infringer, whichever is greater. In many cases, these laws apply not only to transactions, but also to transfers of information between us and our subsidiaries, including employee information. These laws and their interpretations continue to develop and may be inconsistent from jurisdiction to jurisdiction. Some of these regulations, such as the CCPA, give consumers a private right of action against companies for alleged violations. with these laws could result in negative publicity, damage to our reputation, significant penalties, or other legal liability. If laws or regulations are expanded to require changes in our business practices, or interpreted in ways that negatively affect our business, our results of operations, financial condition, or competitive position could be adversely affected. Cyberattacks, system vulnerabilities, or inadequate system capacity could lead to sustained service outages, data loss, reduced revenue, increased costs, liability claims, or harm to our competitive position. If our systems cannot cope with the level of demand required to service our consumers and partners, we could experience unanticipated disruptions in service, slower response times, decreased customer service and customer satisfaction, and delays in the introduction of new services. We are dependent on the internet, connectivity, and mobile systems throughout the world. Disruptions in internet access could materially adversely affect our business and results of operations. While we maintain redundant systems and hosting services, they may not be sufficient to prevent interruptions. Moreover, while we maintain insurance policies to protect against potential losses caused by security breaches, our insurance policies may not be adequate to reimburse us for all losses caused by security breaches. We have computer hardware for operating our services located in hosting facilities around the world. Although we have disaster recovery plans, these systems and operations are vulnerable to damage or interruption and they may not cover us in every region. If such events were to occur, we may not be able to recover our systems immediately and it could result in lengthy interruptions or delays in our services. Any system failure that causes an interruption or delay in service could impair our reputation, damage our brands, increase customer service costs, or result in lost business, any of which could adversely affect our business and results of operations. We seek to improve the reliability and redundancy of our systems, however, these steps are expensive, may reduce our margins, and may not be successful in reducing the frequency or duration of unscheduled downtime. We have experienced targeted and organized malware, phishing, and account takeover attacks, and may in the future experience these and other forms of attack such as ransomware, SQL injection (where a third party attempts to insert malicious code into our software through data entry fields in our websites in order to gain control of the system), and attempts to use our websites as a platform to launch a attack on another party. Our existing security measures have not always been, and in the future may not be, successful in preventing attacks on our systems. For instance, we have incurred costs related to customer reimbursement and customer service, reputational harm, and lost revenue from fictitious listings and account takeovers. Our existing IT business continuity and disaster recovery practices are less effective against certain types of attacks, which could result in interruption of our services, data exposure, and/or an extortion attempt. Reductions in the availability and response time of our online services could cause loss of substantial business volumes and measures we may take to divert suspect traffic could result in the diversion of bona fide customers. These issues are more difficult to manage during any expansion of the number of places where we operate and the variety of services we offer, and as the tools and techniques used in such attacks, such as Gen AI or similar technologies, become more advanced. We use advanced technology to identify cybersecurity threats; however, cyberattacks may go undetected for a period of time resulting in harm to our computer systems and the loss of data. This could result in regulatory fines, loss of consumers or partners, and reputational harm, among other costs. Successful attacks could result in significant interruptions to our operations, severe damage to our information technology infrastructure, negative publicity, reputational harm, and/or prevent consumers from using our services during the attack, any of which could cause consumers to use the services of our competitors, which would have a negative effect on the value of our brands, market share, business, and results of operations. We use both and systems to operate our services, including transaction processing, order management, and financial and accounting systems. If the number of consumers using our services increases substantially, or if critical systems stop operating as designed, we may need to repair, expand, replace, or upgrade our systems or infrastructure. If we are unable to meet demand in a timely manner, it could have a negative impact on our business. Many of our processes and systems are highly automated and involve multiple inputs from various IT systems, which can 14 mitigate the risk of human error but can also make testing, troubleshooting, and auditing more difficult. As a result, it may be difficult to quickly detect and correct errors embedded in these processes or systems. Our business relies on a global supply chain of third party services providers and we are exposed to risks because we rely on the resilience, security, and legal compliance of their products and services. We rely on computer systems and service providers, including GDSs and computerized central reservation systems of the accommodation, rental car, and airline industries in connection with providing some of our services. Any damage to, breach of, or interruption in these services and systems or deterioration in their performance could prevent us from booking related reservations and have an adverse effect on our business, brands, and results of operations. Third party business partners, service providers, and consultants may be given access to our computer networks. A cyberattack against one of these third parties that compromises their credentials may result in unauthorized access to our systems and data, resulting in a cyberattack against us. Furthermore, our agreements with some service providers do not provide recourse for service interruptions, and such service interruptions could have a negative impact on our business and results of operations. Any publicized privacy and security problems could negatively affect consumers' willingness to use our services. Some of our business is conducted with marketing affiliates, which may generate travel reservations through our infrastructure or through other systems. A security breach at any third party that we conduct business with could be perceived by consumers as a security breach of our systems and could result in negative publicity, subject us to notification requirements, damage our reputation, expose us to risk of loss or litigation, and subject us to regulatory penalties and sanctions, even if we had no direct involvement in the breach. In addition, such third parties may not comply with applicable disclosure or confidentiality requirements, or with parameters within which we permit them to process data, which could expose us to liability. We depend upon various third parties to process payments, including credit cards, or to provide credit card numbers for payment for our merchant transactions. If any such third party were compromised or ceased or suspended operations, our cash flows could be disrupted or we may not be able to generate merchant transactions (and related revenues) for a period of time and this could have a negative effect on our revenues, business, reputation, and results of operations and, in certain cases (such as insolvency of a partner), the loss of the total transaction value. Tax Risks We may have exposure to additional tax liabilities. As an international business providing services around the world, we are subject to various taxes. Although we believe that our tax filing positions are reasonable and comply with applicable law, we regularly review them and we may change our positions or determine that previous positions should be amended, either of which could result in additional tax liabilities. The final determination of tax audits or disputes may be different from what is reflected in our historical tax provisions and accruals. We have been audited in many taxing jurisdictions. If audits find that additional taxes are due, we may be subject to incremental tax liabilities, possibly including interest and penalties, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows. An unfavorable outcome or settlement of pending litigation or audit proceedings could encourage the commencement of additional litigation, audit proceedings, or other regulatory inquiries. Governments have sought to increase tax revenues, which has contributed to an increase in audit activity, more aggressive positions taken by tax authorities, more time and difficulty to resolve audits or disputes, and an increase in new tax legislation. Additional taxes or other assessments may be in excess of our current tax provisions or may require us to modify our business practices in order to reduce our exposure to additional taxes going forward, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. The U.S.'s Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (the "Tax Act") introduced a tax on 50% of global intangible income ("GILTI"), which is income determined to be in excess of a specified routine rate of return on qualifying business assets. The Tax Act further introduced a base erosion and tax ("BEAT") aimed at preventing the erosion of the U.S. tax base and a new tax deduction with respect to certain intangible income. If we are unable to operate our business so that BEAT does not impact us, our effective tax rate, results of operations and cash flows would be adversely affected. The interpretation and implementation of the Tax Act have had and could have a negative impact on our results of operations and cash flows. In addition, the U.S.'s Inflation Reduction Act includes a 15% corporate minimum tax on book income and a 1% excise tax on stock repurchases. The interpretation and implementation of these provisions could have a negative impact on our results of operations and cash flows. Increases in the U.S. corporate income tax rate, increasing the percentage of GILTI subject to tax in the U.S., or other changes to U.S. federal tax laws could have a negative impact on our results of operations and cash flows. Certain countries have unilaterally introduced a digital services tax to address the issue of multinational businesses carrying on business in their jurisdiction without a physical presence and therefore generally not being subject to income tax in those jurisdictions. These digital services taxes are calculated as a percentage of revenue rather than income or profits. The interpretation and implementation of the various, and at times inconsistent, digital services taxes could adversely impact our 15 results of operations and cash flows. Further, digital services taxes may not apply to our competitors, which could harm our business and competitive position. Additionally, there have been significant changes made and proposed to international tax laws that increase the complexity, burden, and cost of tax compliance. The Organisation for Economic and Development ("OECD") is focused on tax reform to ensure international tax standards keep pace with changes in global business practices, which could result in tax changes. We continue to monitor the impact of the OECD's tax reform initiatives as countries implement legislation and the OECD provides additional guidance. The implementation of these rules could have a negative impact on our results of operations or cash flows. Due to the scale of our business activities outside of the U.S., changes in U.S. or international taxation of our activities, such as new definitions of permanent establishment, new nexus and profit allocation rules, or the combined effect of tax laws in multiple jurisdictions, may increase our worldwide effective tax rate, increase the comple

[truncated]