.1 2 pressrelease_q42025.htm .1 - PRESS RELEASE Document Exhibit 99.1 CSX Corp. Announces Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2025 Results JACKSONVILLE, Fla. – January 22, 2026 – CSX Corp. (NASDAQ: CSX) today announced fourth quarter 2025 operating income of $1.11 billion and net earnings of $720 million, or $0.39 per share. Fourth quarter operating income and earnings per share include approximately $50 million and $0.02, respectively, in expenses related to severance and rationalization of specific technology investments. In the fourth quarter of 2024, the company reported operating income of $1.11 billion and net earnings of $733 million, or $0.38 per share. Excluding a , goodwill impairment charge, adjusted operating income was $1.21 billion and adjusted net earnings were $815 million, or $0.42 per share, in the prior year quarter. 1 “Our quarterly results reflect the subdued industrial demand environment and actions taken to adjust our cost structure,” said Steve Angel, president and chief executive officer. “CSX has a strong operational foundation, and we are positioned to deliver improved financial performance in 2026 as we focus on driving productivity, cost control, and capital discipline while continuing to provide safe and reliable service.” Fourth Quarter Financia l Highlights 1 • Revenue totaled $3.51 billion for the quarter, decreasing 1% , as the effects of lower merchandise volume and reduced export coal revenue offset higher pricing in merchandise and intermodal, an increase in intermodal volume, and higher fuel surcharge revenue. • Operating income was $1.11 billion, compared to adjusted operating income of $1.21 billion in the prior year. Operating margin was 31.6%, compared to operating margin of 31.3% and adjusted operating margin of 34.3% in the fourth quarter of 2024. • EPS was $0.39, compared to adjusted EPS of $0.42 in the prior year. • Fourth quarter operating income and EPS include $50 million and $0.02, respectively, in severance and technology rationalization expense. Full Year 2025 Financia l Highlights 1 • Revenue totaled $14.09 billion in 2025. • Operating income was $4.52 billion, and adjusted operating income was $4.69 billion, excluding a $164 million goodwill impairment charge in the third quarter. CSX’s operating margin was 32.1% for the full year, and adjusted operating margin was 33.2%. • EPS was $1.54, and adjusted EPS was $1.61. CSX executives will conduct a conference call with the investment community this afternoon, Jan. 22, at 4:30 p.m. Eastern Time. Investors, media and the public may listen to the conference call by dialing 1-888-510-2008. For callers outside the U.S., dial 1-646-960-0306. Participants should dial in 10 minutes prior to the call and enter 3368220 as the passcode. In conjunction with the call, a live webcast will be accessible and presentation materials will be posted on the company's website at http://investors.csx.com . Following the earnings call, a webcast replay of the presentation will be archived on the company website. This earnings announcement, as well as additional detailed financial information, is contained in the CSX Quarterly Financial Report available through the company’s website at http://investors.csx.com and on Form 8-K with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 1 See the Measures section of the quarterly financial report for reconciliations and additional information. About CSX and its Disclosures CSX, based in Jacksonville, Florida, is a premier transportation company. It provides rail, intermodal and transload services and solutions to customers across a broad array of markets, including energy, industrial, construction, agricultural, and consumer products. For nearly 200 years, CSX has played a critical role in the nation's economic expansion and industrial development. Its network connects every major metropolitan area in the eastern United States, where nearly of the nation's population resides. It also links more than 240 railroads and more than 70 ocean, river and lake ports with major population centers and farming towns alike. This announcement, as well as additional financial information, is available on the company's website at http://investors.csx.com . CSX also uses social media channels to communicate information about the company. Although social media channels are not intended to be the primary method of disclosure for material information, it is possible that certain information CSX posts on social media could be deemed to be material. Therefore, we encourage investors, the media, and others interested in the company to review the information we post on X, formerly known as Twitter, ( http://twitter.com/CSX ) and on Facebook ( http://www.facebook.com/OfficialCSX ). The social media channels used by CSX may be updated from time to time. More information about CSX Corporation and its subsidiaries is available at www.csx.com. Disclosure CSX reports its financial results in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (U.S. GAAP). CSX also uses certain measures that fall within the meaning of Securities and Exchange Commission Regulation G and Regulation S-K Item 10(e), which may provide users of the financial information with additional meaningful comparison to prior reported results. measures do not have standardized definitions and are not defined by U.S. GAAP. Therefore, CSX’s measures are unlikely to be comparable to similar measures presented by other companies. The presentation of these measures should not be considered in isolation from, as a substitute for, or as superior to the financial information presented in accordance with GAAP. Statements This information and other statements by the company may contain statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act with respect to, among other items: projections and estimates of earnings, revenues, margins, volumes, rates, , expenses, taxes, liquidity, capital expenditures, dividends, share repurchases or other financial items, statements of management's plans, strategies and objectives for future operations, and management's expectations as to future performance and operations and the time by which objectives will be achieved, statements concerning proposed new services, and statements regarding future economic, industry or market conditions or performance. statements are typically identified by words or phrases such as “will,” “should,” “believe,” “expect,” “anticipate,” “project,” “estimate,” “preliminary” and similar expressions. statements speak only as of the date they are made, and the company undertakes no obligation to update or revise any statement. If the company updates any statement, no inference should be drawn that the company will make additional updates with respect to that statement or any other statements. statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, and actual performance or results could differ materially from that anticipated by any statements. Factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated by any statements include, among others: (i) the company's success in implementing its financial and operational initiatives; (ii) changes in domestic or international economic, political or business conditions, including those affecting the transportation industry (such as the impact of industry competition, conditions, performance and consolidation); (iii) legislative or regulatory changes; (iv) the inherent business risks associated with safety and security; (v) the outcome of claims and litigation involving or affecting the company; (vi) natural events such as severe weather conditions or pandemic health crises; and (vii) the inherent uncertainty associated with projecting economic and business conditions. Other important assumptions and factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the statements are specified in the company's SEC reports, accessible on the SEC's website at www.sec.gov and the company's website at www.csx.com . Contact: Matthew Korn, CFA, Investor Relations 904-366-4515 Austin Staton, Corporate Communications 855-955-6397