BETA Close X Tesco PLC has announced that as of June 30, 2026, its total issued share capital comprises 6,277,538,041 ordinary shares, each carrying one vote, with no shares held in treasury. This figure serves as the denominator for shareholders and other parties to calculate their notification obligations regarding interests in the company under the FCA's Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rules. Disclaimer* Tesco PLC 01 July 2026 1 July 2026 Tesco PLC Tesco PLC (the " Company ") - Total Voting Rights and Capital The following information is released in accordance with DTR 5.6 and Regulation 20 of the Transparency (Directive 2004/109/EC) Regulations 2007 (as amended): The Company's share capital as at 30 June 2026 consisted of 6,277,538,041 ordinary shares of 6 1/3 pence each. Each ordinary share carries the right to one vote in relation to all circumstances at general meetings of the Company. The Company does not hold any shares in Treasury. The above figure of 6,277,538,041 may be used by shareholders and others with notification obligations as the denominator for the calculations by which they will determine if they are required to notify their interest in, or a change to their interest in, the Company under the FCA's Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rules. For enquiries, please contact: Chris Taylor, Group Company Secretary Tesco PLC Tesco House Shire Park Kestrel Way Welwyn Garden City Hertfordshire AL7 1GA CompanySecretary@tesco.com LEI Number: 2138002P5RNKC5W2JZ46 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Tesco (TSCO) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 10 hours ago Wizz Air Holdings 10 hours ago NCC Group 10 hours ago Picton Property Income Ltd 11 hours ago PureTech Health 11 hours ago CMC Markets All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and