BETA Close X On August 20, 2026, Ken Murphy, Group Chief Executive Officer of Tesco PLC, exercised options on 9,890 ordinary shares granted under the Tesco PLC Savings-Related Share Option Scheme at an exercise price of £1.82 per share, resulting in a total transaction value of £17,999.80. Following the exercise, Mr. Murphy retained the shares. Disclaimer* Tesco PLC 20 August 2026 Director/ PDMR SHAREHOLDINGS 20 August 2026 Tesco PLC (the "Company") Tesco PLC Savings-Related Share Option Scheme On 20 August 2026, the following Person Discharging Managerial Responsibilities exercised options over Ordinary shares of 6 1/3 pence each in the Company granted under the Tesco PLC Savings-Related Share Option Scheme at an option price of 182.00 pence per share as set out below: PDMR Date of grant Date of exercise No. of shares exercised Ken Murphy 9 November 2022 20 August 2026 9,890 Following exercise, Ken Murphy retained the shares. The Notification of Dealing Form can be found below. This announcement is made in accordance with Article 19 of the Market Abuse Regulation (EU) 596/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018. For enquiries, please contact: Chris Taylor, Group Company Secretary Tesco PLC Tesco House Shire Park Kestrel Way Welwyn Garden City Hertfordshire AL7 1GA Email: CompanySecretary@tesco.com LEI Number: 2138002P5RNKC5W2JZ46 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities/person closely associated a) Name Ken Murphy 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/status Group Chief Executive Officer b) Initial notification /Amendment Initial Notification 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name Tesco PLC b) Legal Entity Identifier 2138002P5RNKC5W2JZ46 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Identification code Ordinary shares of 6 1/3 pence each GB00BLGZ9862 b) Nature of the transaction Exercise of options granted under the Tesco PLC Savings-Related Share Option Scheme (2021) c) Currency GBP d) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) £1.82 Volume(s) 9,890 e) Aggregated information - Aggregated volume - Aggregated Price - Aggregated Total 9,890 £1.82 £17,999.80 f) Date of the transaction 2026-08-20 g) Place of the transaction Outside a trading venue This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Tesco (TSCO) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 hour ago Tharisa (DI) 2 hours ago PayPoint 2 hours ago Tritax Big Box Reit 2 hours ago Rockfire Resources 2 hours ago Sirius Real Estate Ltd. All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and