BETA Close X Tesco PLC has extended the initial tranche of its share buyback programme by up to an additional £100 million, increasing the total maximum aggregate value of this initial tranche to £350 million, while the overall £750 million programme remains unchanged and is expected to conclude by April 2027. This amendment to the arrangement with Citigroup Global Markets Limited allows for the increased consideration under the initial programme, with share repurchases continuing on the London Stock Exchange and Cboe Europe. The sole purpose of these share purchases is to reduce the company's share capital. Disclaimer* Tesco PLC 29 May 2026 Tesco PLC 29 May 2026 THIS ANNOUNCEMENT IS FOR INFORMATION PURPOSES ONLY AND DOES NOT CONSTITUTE AN OFFER FOR SALE OF ANY SECURITIES OR AN OFFER OR INVITATION TO PURCHASE ANY SECURITIES IN ANY JURISDICTION OR A SOLICITATION OF ANY VOTE OR APPROVAL. NOT FOR RELEASE, PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION (DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY) IN WHOLE OR IN PART IN, INTO OR FROM ANY JURISDICTION WHERE TO DO SO WOULD CONSTITUTE A VIOLATION OF THE RELEVANT LAWS OR REGULATIONS OF THAT JURISDICTION Extension of the first tranche (the "Initial Programme") of the current Tesco PLC £750 million share buyback programme (the "Programme"). The up to £250 million Initial Programme, announced on 22 April 2026, is to be extended by up to a further £100 million, resulting in the total maximum aggregate value of the Initial Programme of up to £350 million. The aggregate market value of shares that will be repurchased under the Programme by April 2027 remains unchanged at no more than £750 million. The arrangement between Tesco PLC (the "Company") and Citigroup Global Markets Limited ("Citi") to repurchase ordinary shares in the Company (the "Shares") on behalf of the Company (on a riskless principal basis), has been amended to reflect the increased maximum aggregate consideration of £350m under the Initial Programme. The purchase of Shares will continue to be carried out on the London Stock Exchange, and/or Cboe Europe Limited through the BXE and CXE order books. The arrangement continues to allow Citi to purchase Shares on the Company's behalf (on a riskless principal basis) in accordance with the Company's current buyback authority granted by shareholders at the Company's 2025 Annual General Meeting and any subsequent authority and shall be made independently of and uninfluenced by the Company (including, for the avoidance of doubt, in the case of any purchases made during closed periods). Any share purchases effected pursuant to the arrangement will be subject to the terms of the arrangement with Citi and in accordance with the terms therein will be effected in a manner consistent with the general authority vested in the Company to repurchase shares, the Market Abuse Regulation 596/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law and Chapter 9 of the United Kingdom Listing Rules, which require that the maximum price paid be limited to be no more than the higher of (i) 105 per cent of the average middle market closing price of the Company's ordinary shares for the five trading days on the London Stock Exchange before the purchase is made, and (ii) the higher of the price of the last independent trade and the highest current independent bid on the trading venue where the purchase is carried out. The aggregate purchase price of this Initial Programme, together with any other Shares purchased on the Company's behalf pursuant to its Programme, will not exceed £750 million. The sole purpose of these share purchases is to reduce the Company's share capital. Tesco contacts: Investor relations Chris Griffith 01707 940 900 Andrew Gwynn 01707 942 409 Media Simon Rew 0330 678 0639 Tesco PLC's LEI number is: 2138002P5RNKC5W2JZ46 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Tesco (TSCO) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 10 hours ago Wizz Air Holdings 10 hours ago NCC Group 10 hours ago Picton Property Income Ltd 11 hours ago PureTech Health 11 hours ago CMC Markets All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and