BETA Close X Tesco Corporate Treasury Services PLC has announced the admission to trading of €500,000,000 3.750 per cent. Notes due 2034 on the Main Market of the London Stock Exchange, effective July 13, 2026. These debt securities, identified by ISIN XS3437614228, represent a significant issuance by the company. The offering circular and final terms related to these notes are available for viewing on Tesco's investor relations website. Disclaimer* Tesco Corporate Treasury Services 13 July 2026 13 July, 2026 Admission to Trading In accordance with the Financial Conduct Authority's Prospectus Rules: Admission to Trading on a Regulated Market (PRM) sourcebook 1.5.2 and 1.5.3R, Tesco Corporate Treasury Services PLC notifies the market that debt securities have been admitted to trading as follows: Issuer name: Tesco Corporate Treasury Services PLC Issuer LEI: 21380018AJDKNF3A6712 Regulated market on which the securities have been admitted to trading: Main Market for listed securities of the London Stock Exchange Name, type and ISIN of the securities: €500,000,000 3.750 per cent. Notes due 2034, ISIN XS3437614228 Number of securities admitted to trading: €500,000,000 in aggregate nominal amount Date of admission to trading: 13 July, 2026 Date of Offering Circular relating to the securities: The offering circular (the " Offering Circular ") under which the securities have been issued is available at: https://www.tescoplc.com/investors/debt-investors/unsecured-bonds/ Final Terms available for viewing: https://www.tescoplc.com/investors/debt-investors/unsecured-bonds/ For further information, please contact: Chris Taylor Group Company Secretary, Tesco PLC Tesco House Shire Park Kestrel Way Welwyn Garden City AL7 1GA Email: CompanySecretary@tesco.com Disclaimer Intended Addressees Please note that the information contained in the Offering Circular and/or the Final Terms may be addressed to and/or targeted at persons who are residents of particular countries (specified in the Offering Circular and/or the Final Terms) only and is not intended for use and should not be relied upon by any person outside these countries and/or to whom the offer contained in the Offering Circular and/or the Final Terms is not addressed. Prior to relying on the information contained in the Offering Circular and/or the Final Terms, you must ascertain from the Offering Circular and/or the Final Terms whether or not you are part of the intended addressees of the information contained therein. Your right to access this service is conditional upon complying with the above requirement. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Tesco (TSCO) TESCO CORPORATE TREASURY SERVICES PLC (FE80) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 10 hours ago Wizz Air Holdings 10 hours ago NCC Group 10 hours ago Picton Property Income Ltd 11 hours ago PureTech Health 11 hours ago CMC Markets All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and