BETA Close X Tesco Corporate Treasury Services PLC has confirmed the satisfaction of the Greenhouse Gas (GHG) Key Performance Indicator (KPI) Condition for its €750,000,000 unsecured ESG notes due 2029. The calculated GHG KPI Percentage for the reference year is 68%, exceeding the required 60% threshold. This positive development means there will be no change to the 0.375% per annum interest rate on these notes. Disclaimer* Tesco Corporate Treasury Services 02 July 2026 Tesco PLC Tesco Corporate Treasury Services PLC Tesco Corporate Treasury Services Europe DAC 2 July 2026 Tesco Corporate Treasury Services PLC ("Issuer") Satisfaction of GHG KPI Condition in relation to €750,000,000 unsecured ESG notes 0.375% due 2029 (ISIN: XS2289877941, Common Code: 228987794) ("ESG Notes") We refer to the Final Terms dated 25 January 2021 relating to the Issuer's issue of the ESG Notes guaranteed by Tesco PLC and issued under the Tesco PLC's, Tesco Corporate Treasury Services PLC's and Tesco Corporate Treasury Services Europe DAC 's £15,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note programme (" Final Terms "). We refer to the terms and conditions in the Offering Circular dated 21 December 2020 and the Final Terms (" Conditions "). Terms used but not defined in this notice have the meaning given to them in the Conditions. The Issuer confirms satisfaction of the GHG KPI Condition in respect of the GHG KPI Percentage Reference Year as set out in the Final Terms. The GHG KPI Percentage has been calculated as 68% and is therefore above the 60% GHG KPI Percentage Threshold required to satisfy the GHG KPI Condition. The GHG KPI Percentage has been published in the Guarantor's Sustainability Report and in the Assurance Report. Notice is hereby given that there shall be no change to the 0.375 per cent. per annum Rate of Interest on the ESG Notes. This notice is irrevocable. Enquiries: Chris Taylor Group Company Secretary Tesco PLC Tesco House Shire Park Kestrel Way Welwyn Garden City AL7 1GA CompanySecretary@tesco.com Tesco PLC LEI Number: 2138002P5RNKC5W2JZ46 Tesco Corporate Treasury Services PLC LEI Number: 21380018AJDKNF3A6712 Tesco Corporate Treasury Services Europe DAC LEI Number: 213800ESTST91B3U3P50 DISCLAIMER - INTENDED ADDRESSEES This notice is issued and directed only to the holders of the ESG Notes and no other person shall, or is entitled to, rely or act on, or be able to rely or act on, its contents, and it should not be relied upon by any holder of Notes for any other purpose. Your right to access this service is conditional upon complying with the above requirement. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Tesco (TSCO) TESCO CORPORATE TREASURY SERVICES PLC (FE80) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 10 hours ago Wizz Air Holdings 10 hours ago NCC Group 10 hours ago Picton Property Income Ltd 11 hours ago PureTech Health 11 hours ago CMC Markets All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and