BETA Close X Tesco Corporate Treasury Services PLC and Tesco Corporate Treasury Services Europe DAC are announcing that holders of listed securities should refer to the Tesco PLC Q1 2026/27 Trading Statement for important information. The full announcement, detailing the company's performance for the first quarter of the 2026/27 financial year, is available via a provided URL on the London Stock Exchange. Disclaimer* Tesco Corporate Treasury Services 18 June 2026 18 June 2026 TESCO CORPORATE TREASURY SERVICES PLC TESCO CORPORATE TREASURY SERVICES EUROPE DAC TESCO PLC Q1 2026/27 TRADING STATEMENT Tesco Corporate Treasury Services PLC ( TCTS ) and Tesco Corporate Treasury Services Europe DAC ( TCTSE ) hereby note the announcement made by their ultimate parent company, Tesco PLC, in respect of the Tesco PLC Q1 2026/27 Trading Statement (the Announcement ). TCTS and TCTSE have made this announcement to ensure that holders of the listed securities are fully appraised of Tesco PLC's Announcement. A copy of the Announcement is available at: https://www.londonstockexchange.com/news-article/TSCO/q1-trading-statement-2026-27/17645119 To view the Announcement in full, please paste the above URL into the address of your browser. For enquiries, please contact: Chris Taylor, Group Company Secretary Tesco House Shire Park Kestrel Way Welwyn Garden City Hertfordshire AL7 1GA CompanySecretary@Tesco.com Tesco Corporate Treasury Services PLC LEI Number: 21380018AJDKNF3A6712 Tesco Corporate Treasury Services Europe DAC LEI Number: 213800ESTST91B3U3P50 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Tesco (TSCO) TESCO CORPORATE TREASURY SERVICES PLC (FE80) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 day ago Canal+ SA 1 day ago PayPoint 1 day ago Premier Miton Group 1 day ago Braemar 1 day ago Hill and Smith All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and