EUROPE-LEGAL-319557782   107856-0361 
 
 
 
OFFERING CIRCULAR  
 
TESCO PLC 
(incorporated with limited liability in England with registered number 00445790) 
TESCO CORPORATE TREASURY SERVICES PLC 
(incorporated with limited liability in England with registered number 08629715) 
TESCO CORPORATE TREASURY SERVICES EUROPE DAC 
(incorporated with limited liability in Ireland with registered number 697759) 
£15,000,000,000 
Euro Note Programme 
unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed in the case of Notes issued by Tesco Corporate Treasury 
Services PLC or Tesco Corporate Treasury Services Europe DAC by Tesco PLC  
Under this £15,000,000,000 Euro Note Programme, Tesco PLC (“Tesco”), Tesco Corporate Treasury Services PLC (“TCTS”) and Tesco  Corporate Treasury 
Services Europe DAC (“TCTSE” and, together with Tesco and TCTS, the “Issuers” and each an “Issuer”) may, from t ime to time, issue notes (the “Notes”) 
denominated in any currency agreed between the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer (as defined on page 3). The payment of  all amounts due in respect 
of the Notes (as defined below) issued by TCTS or TCTSE under the Programme (the “Guaranteed Notes”) will be unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed 
by Tesco (in such capacity, the "Guarantor"). This Offering Circular (the “Offering Circular”) supersedes all previous offering circulars issued in connection with 
the Programme with respect to Notes issued under the Programme on or after the date of this Offering Circular. This does not affe ct any Notes already in 
issue.  
An investment in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. For a description of these risks, see “Risk Factors” below. 
This Offering Circular has been approved as a base prospectus by the Financial Conduct Authority (the "FCA")  in compliance with the Prospectus Rules: 
Admission to Trading on a Regulated Market sourcebook of the FCA  Handbook (the " PRM") made in accordance with the Public Offers and Admissions to 
Trading Regulations 2024 (the " POATRs"). The FCA only approves this Offering Circular as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and 
consistency imposed by the rules in the PRM. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuers or the Guarantor that are the subject 
of this Offering Circular or of the quality of the Notes that is the subject of this Offering Circular. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability 
of investing in the Notes. 
Application has been made to the FCA for Notes issued  under the Programme during the period of 12 months from the date of this Offering Circular to be 
admitted to the official list of the FCA (the “Official List”) and to the London Stock Exchange plc (the “London Stock Exchan ge”) for such Notes to be admitted 
to trading on the London Stock Exchange’s main market (the "Market").  
References in this Offering Circular to Notes being “listed” (and all related references) shall mean that such Notes have been admitted to trading on the London 
Stock Exchange’s main market and have been admitted to the Official List. The London Stock Exch ange’s main market is a UK regulated market for the 
purposes of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 on markets in financial instruments as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of th e European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 (as amended, “EUWA”) (“UK MiFIR”).  
This Offering Circular (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid for 12 months from its date in relat ion to Notes which are to be admitted 
to trading on a regulated market in the United Kingdom. The obligation to supplement this Off ering Circular in the event of a significant new factor, material 
mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Offering Circular is no longer valid.  
The requirement to publish a prospectus under the PRM only applies to Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the United Kingdom 
other than in circumstances where an exemption is available under PRM 1.3 and/or PRM 1.4 . References in this Offering Circular to “Exempt Notes” are to 
Notes for which no prospectus is required to be published under the PRM. The FCA has neither approved nor reviewed information contained in this Offering 
Circular in connection with Exempt Notes. 
 
The Issuers may also make an offer of Notes in reliance on the exemption from the prohibition on offers to the public in para graph 6(a) of Part 1 of Schedule 
1 of the POATRs, and any such offer is conditional on the Notes being admitted to the Market. The offer of such Notes may be withdrawn by the relevant Issuer 
if the Notes are not admitted to the Market on or about the issue date of the relevant Tranche.  
Where an offer of the Notes is made in reliance on the exemption from the prohibition on offers to the public in paragraph 6( a) of Part 1 of Schedule 1 of the 
POATRs, the applicable Final Terms will indicate the offer is conditional on the Notes being admi tted to the trading on the Market. The Final Terms in respect 
of such Notes must be submitted in their definitive form to the FCA and to the London Stock Exchange no later than 2pm on the  business day before listing is 
to become effective. Notes will only be considered to be officially listed when the FCA announces this to the market in the form of its Official List Notice, which 
is released at 8:00am each business day via a RIS. Copies of Final Terms in relation to Notes to be listed on the Market will  also be published on the website 
of the London Stock Exchange through a RIS. The offer of such Notes may be withdrawn without liability to the relevant Issuer if the Notes are not 
admitted to the Market on or about the issue date of the relevant Tranche.  
The Programme provides that Exempt Notes may be admitted to trading on such other or further stock exchanges or markets (prov ided that such exchange 
or market is not a UK regulated market for the purposes of UK MiFIR) as may be agreed between the relevant Issuer, (in the case of Guaranteed Notes) the 
Guarantor and the relevant Dealer. The relevant Issuer may also issue unlisted Exempt Notes and/or Exempt Notes not admitted to trading on any market.  
Any such Exempt Notes will have a minimum denomination of a t least £50,000 (or the equivalent in another currency), will be offered in the UK solely to 
qualified investors or will be offered in the UK pursuant to another exemption from the prohibition on offers to the public, such exemptions set out in Schedule 
1 of the POATRs.  
Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes, the issue price of Notes and certain other information which is 
applicable to each Tranche (as defined under " Terms and Conditions of the Notes " on page 65) of Notes will (other than in the case of Exempt Notes, as 
defined above) be set forth in a final terms document (the “Final Terms”) which will be delivered to the FCA and, where liste d, to the London Stock Exchange 
on or before the date of issue of the Notes of such Tranche or such later date as the FCA and the London Stock Exchange may agree. Copies of Final Terms 
in relation to Notes to be listed on the London Stock Exchange will also be published on the website of the London Stock Exch ange through a Regulatory 
Information Service (a "RIS") and will be available from the registered office of the relevant Issuer and the specified office of each of the Paying Agents  (as 
defined on page 65). In the case of Exempt Notes, notice of the aggregate nominal amoun t of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes, the issue 
price of Notes and certain other information which is applicable to each Tranche will be set out in a pricing supplement docu ment (the "Pricing Supplement").
2  
Copies of Pricing Supplements in relation to Exempt Notes will only be obtainable by a holder of such Notes and such holder must produce evidence satisfactory 
to the relevant Issuer or, as the case may be, the relevant Paying Agent as to its holding of such Notes and identity. 
 
The Programme has been rated BBB (senior unsecured) / F2 (short-term IDR) by Fitch Ratings Ltd (“Fitch”), (P) Baa2 (senior unsecured) / (P) P-2 (short-term) 
by Moody's Investors Service Ltd ("Moody's") and BBB by S&P Global Ratings UK Ltd ("S&P"). In addition, Tesco has a long-term issuer default rating of BBB 
and a short-term issuer default rating of F2 by Fitch, a long-term issuer rating of Baa2 and a short-term issuer rating of P-2 by Moody’s and a long-term issuer 
rating of BBB and a short-term issuer rating of A-2 by S&P. 
Each of Fitch, Moody's and S&P is established in the United Kingdom and is registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK CRA Regulation”). Each of Fitch, Moody’s and S&P is not established in  the European Economic Area (the “EEA”) and has 
not applied for registration under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the “EU CRA Regulation”). Accordingly, the rat ings issued by each of Fitch, 
Moody’s and S&P have been endorsed by Fitch Ratings I reland Limited (“Fitch Europe”), Moody's Deutschland GmbH  (“Moody’s Europe”) and S&P Global 
Ratings Europe Limited (“S&P Europe”), respectively, in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation and have not been withdrawn. Each of Fitch Europe, Moody’s 
Europe and S&P Europe is established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation. As such, each of Fitch Europe, Mo ody’s Europe and S&P 
Europe is included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the European Securities and Markets Authority on it s website (at 
https://www.esma.europa.eu/credit-rating-agencies/cra-authorisation) in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation.  
Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated by any one or more of the rating agencies referred to above.  Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, 
such rating will be disclosed in the Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) and will not necessarily be the same as the rating 
assigned to the Programme by Fitch, Moody's and S&P.  A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to 
suspension, revision or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
Prospective investors should have regard to the factors described under the section headed “Risk Factors” in this Prospectus. 
 ______________________________ 
Arranger 
CITIGROUP 
Dealers 
BARCLAYS BNP PARIBAS 
CITIGROUP  GOLDMAN SACHS INTERNATIONAL 
HSBC LLOYDS BANK CORPORATE MARKETS  
MUFG NATWEST 
RABOBANK RBC CAPITAL MARKETS   
SANTANDER CORPORATE & INVESTMENT 
BANKING  SMBC   
STANDARD CHARTERED BANK 
The date of this Offering Circular is 3 July, 2026.
3  
IMPORTANT INFORMATION 
This Offering Circular comprises a base prospectus in respect of all Notes other than Exempt Notes 
issued under the Programme for the purposes of the PRM. When used in this Offering Circular “EU 
Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. This Offering Circular is not a base 
prospectus for the purposes of the EU Prospectus Regulation. 
The Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers specified on page 10 and 
any additional Dealer appointed under the Programme from time to time, which appointment may be 
for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis (each a “Dealer” and together the “Dealers”). References in 
this Offering Circular to the “relevant Dealer” sha ll, in the case of an issue of Notes being (or intended 
to be) subscribed by more than one Dealer, be to all Dealers agreeing to purchase such Notes.  
The Notes of each Tranche will initially be represented by a temporary global Note which will be 
deposited on the issue date thereof with a common safekeeper or common depositary for Clearstream 
Banking S.A. (“Clearstream, Luxembourg”) and Euroclear Bank S A/NV (“Euroclear”) and/or any other 
agreed clearing system and which will be exchangeable, as specified in the applicable Final Terms or 
the applicable Pricing Supplement (in the case of Exempt Notes), for either a permanent global Note or 
Notes in definitive form, in each case upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership as required 
by U.S. Treasury regulations. A permanent global Note will be exchangeable for Notes in definitive form 
upon request (unless otherwise specified in the applicable Fin al Terms or the applicable Pricing 
Supplement (in the case of Exempt Notes)), all as further described in “ Form of the Notes” below. 
If so specified in the applicable Final Terms, in respect of an issue of Notes, following the delivery of 
such Notes into Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, investors may also hold interests in the Notes 
through Euroclear UK & Ireland Limited (“CREST”) through the issuance of dematerialised depository 
interests (“CREST Depository Interests” or “CDIs”), issued, held, settled and transferred through 
CREST, representing interests in the relevant Notes underlying the CDIs (the “Underlying Notes”). 
CREST Depository Interests are independent securities distinct from the Notes, constituted under, and 
governed by, English law and transferred through CREST and will be issued by CREST Depository 
Limited (the “Crest Depository”) pursuant to the global deed poll dated 25 June 2001 (as subsequently 
modified, supplemented and/or restated) (the “CREST Deed Poll”). 
The relevant Issuer and (in the case of Guaranteed Notes) the Guarantor may agree with any Dealer 
and the Trustee (as defined on page 65) that Notes may be issued in a form not contemplated by the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes herein, in which event, other than where such Notes are Exempt 
Notes, a new Offering Circular, if appropriate, will be made available which will describe the eff ect of 
the agreement reached in relation to such Notes. In the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant provisions 
will be included in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
Each Issuer and the Guarantor accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Offering 
Circular and the Final Terms and Pricing Supplements, as the case may be, for each Tranche of Notes 
issued under the Programme. To the best of the knowledge  of each of the Issuers and the Guarantor 
the information contained in this Offering Circular is in accordance with the facts and th is Offering 
Circular makes no omission likely to affect its import. 
In respect of any offer of Notes pursuant to this base prospectus, the applicable Issuers have authorised 
the making of an offer of such Notes by any entity named as a Dealer, Manager or (in the case of certain 
Notes as further set out below) any of the “Financial intermediaries authorised to use the base 
prospectus and these Final Terms” (each a “ Financial Intermediary”), in each case, as applicable and 
as set out in the applicable Final Terms. The Issuers have not made arrangements with any financial 
intermediary other than an entity named as a Dealer, Manager or Financial Intermediary in the 
applicable Final Terms. An investor purchasing or intending to purchase any Notes in an offer made in 
reliance on the exemption in paragraph 6(a) of Schedule 1 to the POATRs from any persons named in 
or identifiable in the applicable Final Terms as the Financial Intermediary will d o so, and offers and 
sales of such Notes to an investor by such Financial Intermediary will be made, in accordance with the 
terms and conditions of the offer in place between such Financial Intermediary and such investor 
including arrangements in relation to price, allocations, expenses and settlement. The relevant Issuer 
of such Notes will not be a party to any such arrangements with such investors in connection with the 
offer or sale of the Notes concerned and, accordingly, this base prospectus and any Fi nal Terms will 
not contain such information. The relevant information will be provided by the Financial Intermediary at 
the time of such offer. None of the Issuers, the Guarantor  or, for the avoidance of doubt, any Dealer 
has any responsibility or liability to an investor in respect of the information described above.
4  
This Offering Circular is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are deemed to be 
incorporated herein by reference (see “ Documents Incorporated by Reference ” below). This Offering 
Circular shall be read and construed on the basis that such documents are so incorporated and form 
part of this Offering Circular. 
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see 
“Documents Incorporated by Reference” below), the information on the websites to which this Offering 
Circular refers does not form part of this Offering Circular and has not been scrutinised or approved by 
the FCA. 
Save for the Issuers, no other party has separately verified the information contained herein. 
Accordingly, no representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no 
responsibility or liability is accepted by any Dealer, the Arranger o r the Trustee as to the accuracy or 
completeness of the information contained in this Offering Circular or any other information provided by 
the relevant Issuer or (in the case of Guaranteed Notes) the Guarantor in connection with the 
Programme or the Notes or their distribution. The statements made in this paragraph are made without 
prejudice to the responsibilities of the relevant Issuer and (in the case of Guaranteed Notes) the 
Guarantor under the Programme. No person is or has been authorised to give an y information or to 
make any representation not contained in or not consistent with this Offering Circular or any other 
information supplied in connection with the Programme or the Notes and, if given or made, such 
information or representation must not be  relied upon as having been authorised by any Issuer, the 
Guarantor, any Dealer, the Arranger or the Trustee. 
The Dealers cannot guarantee the performance of (and offer no assurance in respect of) such Diversity 
& Inclusion KPIs, Food Waste KPI and/or the GHG KPI, nor do they assume any obligation or 
responsibility in respect of the appointment of any Assurance Pr ovider. Any confirmation provided by 
the relevant Assurance Provider is not, nor should it be deemed to be, a recommendation by the 
relevant Issuer, the Guarantor, the relevant Assurance Provider, the Dealers or any other person to 
buy, sell or hold ESG Notes. Noteholders have no recourse against the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor, 
any of the Dealers or the relevant Assurance Provider for the contents of any such confirmation, which 
is only current as at the date it was initially issued. Prospective investors must determine for themselves 
the relevance of any such opinion or certification and/or the information contained therein for the 
purpose of any investment in the ESG Notes. 
None of the Dealers accepts any responsibility for any sustainability assessment of any Sustainability 
Bonds or makes any representation or warranty or assurance as to whether such Sustainability Bonds 
will meet any investor expectations or requirements regarding assets with sustainability characteristics  
labels (including in relation to, but not limited to, Regulation (EU) 2020/852 on the establishment of a 
framework to facilitate sustainable investment (the " EU Taxonomy Regulation ”) and any related 
technical screening criteria, optional disclosures for bonds marketed as environmentally sustainable 
and for  sustainability-linked bonds under Regulation (EU) 2023/ 2631 (the "EU Green Bond 
Regulation"), Regulation (EU) 2019/2088 on sustainability -related disclosures in the financial services 
sector ("SFDR") and any implementing legislation and guidelines, or any similar legislation in the United 
Kingdom or any market standards or guidance, including the Sustainability -Linked Bond Principles 
published by ICMA (the “ICMA SLB Principles”)) or any requirements of such labels or market standards 
as they may evolve from time to time . None of the Dealers is responsible for monitoring, or reporting 
on, the satisfaction of any aspects related to any Sustainability Projects. Each prospective investor 
should have regard to the factors described in any green, social or sustainability framework prepared 
by the Group.  None of the Dealers have reviewed any green, social or sustainability framework 
prepared by the Group. 
Neither this Offering Circular nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or 
any Notes (i) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation or (ii) should be considered 
as a recommendation or as constituting an in vitation or offer by any of the Issuers, the Guarantor, any 
Dealer, the Arranger or the Trustee that any recipient of this Offering Circular or any other information 
supplied in connection with the Programme or any Notes should purchase any Notes. Each inv estor 
contemplating purchasing any Notes should make its own independent investigation of the financial 
condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of the creditworthiness, of the relevant Issuer and/or (in the 
case of Guaranteed Notes) the Guarantor. Nei ther this Offering Circular nor any other information 
supplied in connection with the Programme or the issue of any Notes constitutes an offer or invitation 
by or on behalf of the relevant Issuer or (in the case of Guaranteed Notes) the Guarantor or any of  the 
Dealers or the Arranger or the Trustee to any person to subscribe for or to purchase any Notes.
5  
Neither the delivery of this Offering Circular nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Notes shall at any 
time imply that the information contained herein concerning any of the Issuers and/or the Guarantor is 
correct at any time subsequent to the date he reof or that any other information supplied in connection 
with the Programme is correct as at any time subsequent to the date indicated in the document 
containing the same. The Dealers, the Arranger and the Trustee expressly do not undertake to review 
the financial condition or affairs of any of the Issuers or the Guarantor during the life of the Programme 
or to advise any investor in the Notes of any information coming to their attention. When deciding 
whether or not to purchase Notes of any Tranche, inves tors should review, inter alia, the documents 
incorporated by reference into this Offering Circular and any supplement to this Offering Circular 
(including the Final Terms, or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be, relating to such Tranche, but 
not including any other Final Terms or Pricing Supplement). 
This Offering Circular does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any Notes 
in any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in such jurisdiction. 
The distribution of this Offering Circular and the offer or sale of Notes may be restricted by law in certain 
jurisdictions. Each of the Issuers, the Guarantor, the Dealers, the Arranger and the Trustee do not 
represent that this Offering Circular may be lawfully distributed, or that any N otes may be lawfully 
offered, in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or 
pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or assume any responsibility for facilitating any such 
distribution or offering. In particular, no action has been taken by any of the Issuers, the Guarantor, the 
Dealers, the Arranger or the Trustee which is intended to permit a public offering of any Notes or 
distribution of this Offering Circular in any jurisdiction where action for  that purpose is required. 
Accordingly, no Notes may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this Offering Circular 
nor any advertisement or other offering material may be distributed or published in any jurisdiction 
except under circumstances that will result in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations, and 
the Dealers have represented or, as the case may be, will be required to represent that all offers and 
sales by them will be made on the same terms. Persons into whose possess ion this Offering Circular 
or any Notes come must inform themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions. In particular, 
there are restrictions on the distribution of this Offering Circular and the offer or sale of Notes in the 
United States of Americ a, the EEA (including Belgium and Ireland), the United Kingdom, Singapore , 
Canada and Japan (see “Subscription and Sale” below). 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as 
amended, (the “Securities Act”) and are subject to certain U.S. tax law requirements. Subject to certain 
exceptions, Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to U.S. persons (see 
“Subscription and Sale” below). 
If a jurisdiction requires that any offering of Notes be made by a licensed broker or dealer and the 
Dealers or any parent company or affiliate of the Dealers is a licensed broker or dealer in that jurisdiction 
and so agrees, such offering shall be deemed to be made by the Dealers or such parent company or 
affiliate on behalf of the relevant Issuer in such jurisdiction. 
PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO TCTSE 
An investment in the Notes does not have the status of a bank deposit and is not within the scope of 
the deposit protection scheme operated by the Central Bank of Ireland (the “Central Bank”). TCTSE is 
not and will not be regulated by the Central Bank as a result of issuing any Notes. 
Where TCTSE wishes to issue Notes with a maturity of less than one year, it shall do so in full 
compliance with the conditions set out in Notice BSD C01/02 issued by the Central Bank dated 12 
November, 2002 and in accordance with an exemption granted by the Central Bank under Section 8(2) 
of the Central Bank Act, 1971, inserted by Section 31 of the Central Bank Act, 1989, as amended by 
Section 70(d) of the Central Bank Act, 1997 each amended by the Central Bank and Financial Services 
Authority of Ireland Ac t 2004. Such Notes will constitute “commercial paper” for the purposes of that 
exemption and will be issued and transferable in minimum amounts of €125,000 (or the foreign currency 
equivalent). 
IMPORTANT - EEA RETAIL INVESTORS 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) includes 
a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) 
of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive (EU) 2014/65/EU (as amended,
6  
“MiFID II”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the “Insurance 
Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in 
point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii)  not a qualified investor as defined in the EU Prospectus 
Regulation. Consequently , no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 
(as amended, the “EU PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the EU PRIIPs 
Regulation. 
IMPORTANT – UNITED KINGDOM RETAIL INVESTORS 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) includes 
a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to

---

sive income/(loss) 
page 122 page 136 
Group balance sheet page 123 page 137 
Group statement of changes in 
equity 
page 124-125 page 138-139 
Group cash flow statement page 126 page 140 
Reconciliation of net cash flow to 
movement in net debt note 
pages 194-195 pages 209 - 210 
Notes to the Group financial 
statements 
page 127 to (and 
including) page 199 
page 141 to (and 
including) page 211 
Independent auditors’ report page 110 to (and 
including) page 120 
page 124 to (and 
including) page 134 
Alternative Performance 
Measures 
page 216 to (and 
including) page 222 
page 228 to (and 
including) page 235 
save that any statement contained herein or in a document which is deemed to be incorporated by 
reference herein shall be deemed to be modified or superseded for the purpose of this Offering Circular 
to the extent that a statement contained in any document  which is subsequently incorporated by 
reference herein by way of a supplement prepared in accordance with PRM 10 modifies or supersedes 
such earlier statement (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise). Any statement so modified or 
superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute part of this Offering Circular.
35  
Any documents themselves incorporated by reference in the document incorporated by reference in this 
Offering Circular shall not form part of this Offering Circular. 
Any non -incorporated parts of a document referred to herein are either deemed not relevant for an 
investor or are otherwise covered elsewhere in this Offering Circular.
36  
SUPPLEMENTS AND NEW OFFERING CIRCULARS 
In the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to information 
included in this Offering Circular which may affect the assessment of any Notes arising or being noted 
between the approval of this Offering Circula r by the FCA and the commencement of trading of such 
Notes on a UK regulated market (as defined in UK MiFIR) or the final closing of the offer of such Notes 
to the public in the United Kingdom, as the case may be, the Issuers and the Guarantor will prepare  a 
supplement to this Offering Circular or publish a new Offering Circular for use in connection with such 
Notes and any subsequent issue of Notes.
37  
FORM OF THE NOTES 
Any reference in this section to "applicable Final Terms" shall be deemed to include a reference to 
"applicable Pricing Supplement" where relevant. 
Each Tranche of Notes will initially be represented by a temporary global Note without receipts, interest 
coupons or talons. If the global Notes are intended to be issued in new global note (NGN) form, as stated 
in the applicable Final Terms, the temporary  global Note will be delivered on the original issue date of 
the Tranche to a common safekeeper (the “Common Safekeeper”) for Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
(“Euroclear”) and Clearstream Banking S.A. (“Clearstream, Luxembourg”); and if the global Notes are 
not intended to be issued in NGN form, the temporary global Note will be delivered on the original issue 
date of the Tranche to a common depositary (the “Common Depositary”) for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or any other agreed clearing system.  
Where the global Notes issued in respect of any Tranche are in NGN form, the applicable Final Terms 
will also indicate whether or not such global Notes are intended to be held in a manner which would allow 
Eurosystem eligibility.  Any indication that the global Notes are to be so held does not necessarily mean 
that the Notes of the relevant Tranche will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary 
policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any times duri ng their 
life as such recognition depends upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria.  The Common 
Safekeeper for NGNs will either be Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or another entity approved by 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as indicated in the applicable Final Terms. 
Whilst any Note is represented by a temporary global Note, payments of principal and interest (if any) 
due prior to the Exchange Date (as defined below) will be made (against presentation of the temporary 
global Note if the temporary global Note is not intended to be issued in NGN form) only to the extent that 
certification (in a form to be provided) to the effect that the beneficial owners of interests in such Note are 
not U.S. persons or persons who have purchased for resale to any U.S. person, as require d by U.S. 
Treasury regulations, has been received by Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or Euroclear, as applicable, has given a like certification (based on the 
certifications it has received) to the Agent (as defined  on page 65). Any reference in this section “ Form 
of the Notes” to Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or Euroclear shall, whenever the context so permits, be 
deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system approved by the relevant 
Issuer, the Agent and the Trustee. 
On and after the date (the “Exchange Date”) which is 40 days after the date on which any temporary 
global Note is issued, interests in such temporary global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge) upon 
a request as described therein either for interests in a permanent global Note of the same Series without 
receipts, interest coupons or talons or for definitive Notes of the same Series with, where applicable, 
receipts, interest coupons and talons attached (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms and subject, in 
the case of definitive Notes, to such notice period as is specified in the applicable Final Terms) in each 
case against certification of beneficial ownership as described in the second sentence of the immediately 
preceding paragraph unless such c ertification has already been given. If any further Notes to be 
consolidated and form a single Series with any series of outstanding Notes are issued prior to the 
exchange of interests in the temporary global Note for interests in the permanent global Note representing 
suc

---

utable to Tesco) calculated by reference to its 
latest audited accounts represent ten per cent. or more of the cons olidated profits before tax 
and exceptional items or net assets (in each case attributable to Tesco), as the case may be, 
of Tesco and its Subsidiaries similarly calculated, all as more particularly defined in the Trust 
Deed, and (b) in addition, for the p urposes of sub -paragraph (vii) above, a Subsidiary which 
has outstanding any notes, bonds or other like securities of which the Trustee is trustee. A 
certificate of any two directors of Tesco that in their opinion a Subsidiary is or is not or was or 
was not at any particular time a Material Subsidiary shall, in the absence of manifest error, be 
conclusive and binding on all parties. 
“Moneys Borrowed” means (a) borrowed moneys, and (b) liabilities under any note, bond, bill, 
debenture, loan stock or other security in each case issued for cash or in respect of acceptance 
credit facilities or as consideration for assets or services but e xcluding such liabilities incurred 
in relation to the acquisition of goods or services in the ordinary course of trading.  
At any time after the Notes become due and repayable and have not been repaid, the Trustee 
may at its discretion and without further notice take such proceedings against the Issuer and/or 
(in the case of Guaranteed Notes) the Guarantor as it may think fit to enforce the obligations of 
the Issuer and/or (in the case of Guaranteed Notes) the Guarantor under the Trust Deed and
101  
the Notes and the relative Receipts and Coupons, but it shall not be bound to take any such 
proceedings or any other action unless (i) it shall have been so directed by an Extraordinary 
Resolution of the holders of the Notes or so requested in writing by holders of at least one-fifth 
in nominal amount of the Notes then outstanding and (ii) it shall have been indemnified to its 
satisfaction. No holder of a Note, or of a Receipt or Coupon appertaining thereto, shall be 
entitled to proceed directly against the  Issuer or (in the case of Guaranteed Notes) the 
Guarantor unless the Trustee, having become bound so to do, fails or is unable or neglects to 
do so within 60 days and such failure or inability or neglect is continuing.  
10. Replacement of Notes, Receipts, Coupons and Talons 
Should any Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon be lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it 
may be replaced at the specified office of the Agent, or any other place approved by the Trustee 
of which notice shall have been published in accordance with Con dition 13, upon payment by 
the claimant of such costs and expenses as may be incurred in connection therewith and on 
such terms as to evidence and indemnity as the Issuer may reasonably require. Mutilated or 
defaced Notes, Receipts, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before replacements will be 
issued. 
11. Agent and Paying Agents 
The names of the initial Agent in respect of the Notes and the other initial Paying Agents in 
respect of the Notes and their initial specified offices are set out below.  If any additional Paying 
Agents are appointed in connection with any Series, the name s of such Paying Agents will be 
specified in Part B of the applicable Final Terms. 
The Issuer is, with the prior written approval of the Trustee, entitled to vary or terminate the 
appointment of any Paying Agent and/or appoint additional or other Paying Agents and/or 
approve any change in the specified office through which any Paying Agent acts, provided that: 
(i) so long as the Notes are listed on any stock exchange, there will at all times be a Paying 
Agent with a specified office in such place as may be required by the rules and 
regulations of the relevant stock exchange or any other relevant authority; 
(ii) there will at all times be an Agent; and 
(iii) there will at all times be a Paying Agent in a jurisdiction in continental Europe, other 
than the jurisdiction in which the Issuer or the Guarantor is incorporated.  
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent having a specified office in New 
York City in the circumstances described in the final paragraph of Condition 5(e). Notice of any 
variation, termination, appointment or change in Paying Agents will be given to the Noteholders 
promptly by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 13. 
12. Exchange of Talons 
On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon 
sheet matures, the Talon (if any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the 
specified office of the Agent or any other Paying Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet 
including (if such further Coupon sheet does not include Coupons to (and including) the final 
date for the payment of interest due in respect of the Note to which it appertains) a further 
Talon, subject to the provisions of Condition 8. 
13. Notices 
All notices regarding the Notes will be valid if published in a leading English language daily 
newspaper of general circulation in London. It is expected that such publication will be made in 
the Financial Times or any other daily newspaper in London approved by the Trustee or, if this 
is not possible, in another English language daily newspaper approved by the Trustee with 
general circulation in Europe. The Issuer shall also ensure that notices are duly published  in a 
manner which complies with the rules and regulations of any other stock exchange or other 
relevant authority on which the Notes are for the time being listed or by which they have been 
admitted to trading including publication on the website of the relevant stock exchange or 
relevant authority if required by those rules. Any such notice will be deemed to have been given 
on the date of the first publication or, where required to be published in more than one
102  
newspaper, on the first date on which publication has been made in all the required 
newspapers. 
Until such time as any definitive Notes are issued, there may (provided that, in the case of 
Notes listed on a stock exchange or admitted to trading by any other relevant

---

igration 
law, consumer law (including trading, pricing, and advertising laws), anti-corruption and anti-bribery laws, 
fraud laws, competition laws, pension laws, financial services regulation, financial reporting and 
disclosure accounting laws, regulations and standards, regulation of foreign invest ors, the rules of the 
FCA and the Prudential Regulation Authority (“PRA”), the London Stock Exchange and the Irish Stock 
Exchange, corporate and income and other tax rules, as well as subject to oversight and scrutiny by 
competition and other regulatory au thorities. In particular, the Group's  Insurance & Money Services 
(“IMS”) business is regulated by the PRA and the FCA and is subject to a wide variety of laws, regulations 
and rules associated with the provision of financial and insurance services.  A consequence of the trend 
towards increased regulation is that the costs of doing business for the Group as a result of having to 
comply with more onerous and/or a greater number of rules and regulations are increasing, which may 
have a detrimental impact on fin ancial performance if it is not possible to pass on any such additional 
costs of business to customers in the form of higher prices (which may influence customer spending 
decisions and priorities and adversely impact the Group’s relative competitive position). Although policies 
and procedures are in place to monitor and guide legal, regulatory and tax compliance, and to engage 
with government, regulatory and tax authorities, there is also a risk that the Group may fail to comply with 
an applicable law or regulation, whether in relation to the Group’s IMS business or more widely, and may 
consequently be subject to financial, regulatory or criminal fines and penalties, may be adversely 
impacted by a change in law or regulation or in the judicial interpretation  of law or regulation, or may fail 
to adapt its business appropriately to such a change. The occurrence of any one or more of these factors 
could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, results of operations, financial condition 
and prospects.
22  
If there is a failure to meet workplace health, safety and security or other legal standards, death, injury 
or illness to customers, colleagues, contractors, suppliers or third parties may lead to a loss of customer 
trust and confidence as well as litigation and/or financial or other regulatory penalties being imposed 
The Group has a safety management framework, policies and procedures in place (such as a 
comprehensive risk register and a safety improvement plan) designed to ensure that workplace health 
and safety and other standards are met across its business and gove rnance and oversight of such 
matters is established in the form of the Group’s Risk and Compliance Committee and business unit -
specific health and safety committees. However, deficiencies or failures in any of these policies or 
procedures (including as a r esult of an event or external condition outside the Group’s knowledge or 
control, for example, the rise in theft and violence that led to a greater threat to the safety of the Group's 
colleagues) could lead to injury, illness or death of one or more customers, employees or third parties 
and/or the risk of litigation and/or financial and/or other regulatory penalties being imposed and/or a loss 
of customers, distributors and suppliers and/or reputational damage, any of which could have a material 
and adverse effect on the Group’s results of operations, financial condition and prospects.  
The Group may be subject to litigation or other legal or investigatory proceedings from time to time  
As with all businesses, there is a risk that the Group could be subject to material civil or criminal litigation, 
regulatory or other investigations or other complaints that could result in the Group being required to pay 
material damages or fines or mater ial amounts in order to settle or satisfy any such claims, require 
significant management time to be incurred and material damage being done to the Group’s reputation, 
brand or customer or supplier trust leading to a loss of market share (including, if the  Group is able to 
successfully defend or rebuff the litigation or investigation). In particular, in the event Tesco Stores 
Limited were to be unsuccessful in its legal defences at all stages of the equal pay claims further 
described in note 33 entitled "Commitments and contingencies" on page 198 of Tesco’s Annual Report 
2026, and dependent on the number of any ultimately successful claims, the potential quantum of its 
liability could be material. Further, any such litigation or other legal or investigatory proceedings could be 
expensive and time -consuming and cause a significant diversion of management time. In addition, the 
outcome of litigation or an investigation can be difficult to predict with any certainty, and so there is a risk 
that the Group may underestimate or overestimate the materiality of a particular claim, which could result 
in selection of an inefficient or ineffective defence strategy. Any of these factors alone or in combination 
could result in a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, results of operations, financial condition 
and prospects. 
FACTORS WHICH ARE MATERIAL FOR THE PURPOSE OF ASSESSING THE MARKET RISKS 
ASSOCIATED WITH NOTES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME 
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes 
A range of Notes may be issued under the Programme. A number of such Notes may have features 
which contain particular risks for potential investors. Set out below is a description of the most common 
such features, distinguishing between factors which may o ccur in relation to any Notes and those which 
might occur in relation to certain types of Exempt Notes: 
Risks applicable to all Notes  
If the relevant Issuer has the right to redeem any Notes at its option, this may limit the market value of 
the Notes concerned and an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a manner 
which achieves a similar effective return. 
An optional redemption featu

---

nship with the Issuers and/or the 
Guarantor, routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuers and the Guarantor consistent with their 
customary risk management policies. Typically, such Dealers and their respective affiliates would hedge 
such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps 
or the creation of short positions in securities, including potentially the Note s issued under the 
Programme. Any such positions could adversely affect future trading prices of Notes issued under the 
Programme. The Dealers and their respective affiliates may also make investment recommendations 
and/or publish or express independent re search views in respect of such securities or financial 
instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in 
such securities and instruments.
EUROPE-LEGAL-319557782   107856-0361 
 
 
 
REGISTERED HEAD OFFICES OF THE ISSUERS AND THE GUARANTOR  
Tesco PLC 
Tesco House 
Shire Park 
Kestrel Way 
Welwyn Garden City 
United Kingdom, AL7 1GA 
 
Tesco Corporate Treasury Services PLC 
Tesco House 
Shire Park 
Kestrel Way 
Welwyn Garden City 
United Kingdom, AL7 1GA 
Tesco Corporate Treasury Services Europe DAC 
Gresham House 
Marine Road 
Dun Laoghaire 
Co. Dublin 
Ireland 
THE TRUSTEE 
Royal Exchange Trust Company Limited 
4th Floor, 140 Aldersgate Street 
London EC1A 4HY 
United Kingdom 
 
PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT 
HSBC Bank plc 
8 Canada Square 
London E14 5HQ 
United Kingdom 
PAYING AGENT 
Banque Internationale à Luxembourg, société anonyme 
69 route d’Esch 
L-2953 Luxembourg 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuers and the Guarantor as to English 
law 
To the Issuers and the Guarantor as to Irish law 
Freshfields LLP 
100 Bishopsgate 
London EC2P 2SR 
United Kingdom 
Arthur Cox LLP 
Ten Earlsfort Terrace 
Dublin 2 
D02 T380 
Ireland 
To the Dealers as to English law 
Clifford Chance LLP  
10 Upper Bank Street  
London E14 5JJ  
United Kingdom
EUROPE-LEGAL-319557782   107856-0361 
 
 
 
AUDITORS TO TESCO AND TCTS 
Deloitte LLP  
1 New Street Square 
London EC4A 3HQ 
United Kingdom 
AUDITORS TO TCTSE 
Deloitte Ireland LLP 
29 Earlsfort Terrace 
Dublin 2 Ireland, D02 AY28 
ARRANGER 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
 
DEALERS 
 
Banco Santander, S.A. 
Ciudad Grupo Santander 
Edificio Encinar 
Avenida de Cantabria s/n 
28660, Boadilla del Monte 
Madrid, Spain  
 
Barclays Bank PLC 
1 Churchill Place 
London E14 5HP 
United Kingdom 
  
BNP PARIBAS 
16, boulevard des Italiens  
75009 Paris  
France  
 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
 
Coöperatieve Rabobank U.A. 
Croeselaan 18 
3521 CB Utrecht 
The Netherlands 
Goldman Sachs International 
Plumtree Court 
25 Shoe Lane 
London EC4A 4AU 
United Kingdom 
HSBC Bank plc 
8 Canada Square 
London E14 5HQ 
United Kingdom 
 
Lloyds Bank Corporate Markets plc 
33 Old Broad Street 
London EC2N 1HZ 
United Kingdom 
 
MUFG Securities EMEA plc 
Ropemaker Place  
25 Ropemaker Street 
London EC2Y 9AJ 
United Kingdom 
 
 MUFG Securities (Europe) N.V. 
World Trade Center, Tower Two, 5th Floor 
Strawinskylaan 1887 
1077 XX Amsterdam 
The Netherlands
EUROPE-LEGAL-319557782   107856-0361 
 
 
 
NatWest Markets Plc 
250 Bishopsgate 
London EC2M 4AA  
United Kingdom 
 
RBC Europe Limited 
100 Bishopsgate 
London EC2N 4AA 
United Kingdom 
 
SMBC Bank EU AG  
Neue Mainzer Straße 52-58 
60311 Frankfurt 
Germany 
SMBC Bank International plc 
100 Liverpool Street 
London EC2M 2AT 
United Kingdom 
  
 Standard Chartered Bank 
1 Basinghall Avenue 
London EC2V 5DD 
United Kingdom