BETA Close X Tesco PLC has announced the publication of its Annual Report and Financial Statements for 2026, along with the Notice of its 2026 Annual General Meeting. The AGM will be held virtually on Thursday, June 18, 2026, at 11:00 am, with the broadcast originating from the Heart building in Welwyn Garden City. Copies of the Annual Report, Notice of AGM, and Proxy Form have been submitted to the National Storage Mechanism and are available on the company's website. Disclaimer* Tesco PLC 14 May 2026 14 May 2026 Tesco PLC Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026 and Notice of Annual General Meeting 2026 Tesco PLC (the " Company ") announces that it has today published its Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026. In addition, the Company announces that its Notice of Annual General Meeting 2026 has been sent to shareholders. The 2026 Annual General Meeting will be held via the Lumi Global platform and held at, and broadcast from, the Heart building, Shire Park, Welwyn Garden City, Herts, AL7 1TW on Thursday, 18 June 2026 at 11.00am. The Company's Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026 and Notice of Annual General Meeting 2026 can be viewed on the Company's website at www.tescoplc.com . In accordance with UK Listing Rules 6.4.1R and 6.4.3R, copies of the following documents in unedited full text have been submitted to the National Storage Mechanism and will shortly be available for inspection at https://data.fca.org.uk/#/nsm/nationalstoragemechanism · Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026 (in machine-readable XHTML web browser format) ; · Notice of Annual General Meeting 2026 ; and · Proxy Form for the 2026 Annual General Meeting. This announcement is made in accordance with DTR 6.3.5R . Enquiries: Chris Taylor Group Company Secretary Tesco PLC Tesco House Shire Park Kestrel Way Welwyn Garden City Hertfordshire AL7 1GA CompanySecretary@tesco.com LEI Number: 2138002P5RNKC5W2JZ46 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Tesco (TSCO) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 day ago Canal+ SA 1 day ago PayPoint 1 day ago Premier Miton Group 1 day ago Braemar 1 day ago Hill and Smith All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and