TESCO

a aw aw a a

—=

COMPANIES HOUSE

i

Delivering

Value. Quality. Service.
Tesco PLC Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026

Every Little Helps.

At Tesco, Every Little Helps has always
been rooted in the real actions
our colleagues take every day
to support our customers.

These three words have guided
us for thirty years, and have never
been more relevant.

Every ute holps

Value

We recognise how much value matters
to our customers, which is why our focus
is on delivering great prices on the lines
that matter most.

We are committed to supporting
‘our customers by helping them
make their money go further and
making everyday life that little

bit easier. Our Everyday Low
Prices commitment is keeping
prices low on more than

3,000 branded products
customers love.

That’s not all, we have:

Over
10,000
bt brit

Customers made an average
annual saving of

£404

‘through Clubcard Prices*

7m

customers offered
Clubcard Challenges

Booker locked in

600

prices for catering
customers over
summer 2025

+ Average annus customer savings trough
‘Cubesrd Pres

Quality

‘We really care about great food, and our
expert product development teams work
hand-in-hand with our suppliers to develop
exciting new products and continually
improve existing ones.

We are proud of our partnerships, whether
that’s our work with farmers as British
agriculture’s biggest customer, or the many
other producers and suppliers we source
from, Together, we have developed a wide
range of award-winning products and ranges
- with awards this year in everything from
cheese and wine to fresh produce.

15%

Increase in Finest
sales in the UK

Whoosh.

No.1

Supermarket of the Year
at the International Wine Challenge

84

Taste of Ireland awards

Launched over

2,000

‘new and improved products

Service

Our colleagues go the extra mile when it
comes to service - whether that’s an extra
hand for customers who need it, or supporting
hundreds of schools to access free fruit and
veg for their pupils.

We want to make the shopping experience
as convenient as possible for our customers,
however they shop with us - whether that's
in store, buying groceries online through our
core Grocery Home Shopping service and
Tesco Whoosh, or more recent additions

to our offer like Tesco Marketplace

and F&F Online.

Over

350

in-store pharmacies

73%

UK households are covered by
Whoosh rapid delivery service

5

Consecutive wins for Best Mobile
Network for Customer Service
‘at Uswitch Telecoms Awards

04

Hello

Welcome to our Annual Report 2026

Tesco was built to be a champion for customers, serving
them every day with affordable, healthy and sustainable food.

Across the Group, our purpose is at the core of what we do:
serving our customers, communities and planet alittle better
every day.

ur fantastic team of over 340,000 colleagues go above and
beyond to serve our customers. We work hard to be a place
where everyone is welcome, where all colleagues can be at
their best and build the skills to grow their careers.

[Betederepor Financial statements
Value. Quaity an Service 2 Independent audtors report 70
Contents 04 Groupincome statement m
Mrs ofthe yar 05 Groupatatement of comprehensive m
Tescoet gance 06 _income/tosd
Our purpose framework 07 Groupbalonce sheet 1
Chairs statement 08 Groupstotementofchangesinequty a
Group Chet Executive's review "0 Groupeshflow statement 1%
Maret content 13 NotestotheGrouptinancl statements 127
Ourstratege ambitions 1 TescoPLC-Parent Company balarcesheet 200
Our bse mode 16 TescoPLC-ParentCompany statement. 201
Key performance ncatrs ty ofenangesin equity
‘Stakeholder engagement 18 Notes to tne Parent Company 202
fveryones welcome 2 pettedunderakingsoftheTescoGroup 208
Sustanabity 3
TErD including content fader iden ou
Principal its and uncertainties x
Gneudng TOFD risk and opportune) Supplementary oration neue) 74
Longer term vabity statement ag Sesary Aner
Gossry-Oter 2
Fwe-year record mm
Governance overview 50 rectors report 2s
Governance troduction 2
Governance nos 52 tonlintormatonorshrehokders 220
Gloveranceramewerk s
Boudec andsecton V2 statement 64
Nominations ondGovernance Committee 70
Sustinabity Committee m
Ast Commitee ”
Directors remuneration report e
Sttementef rectors responses 109

‘Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFO)

can be found using the index on page 34 and wherever you see this icon|

TCFD content has been integrated across the Annual Report and oO

Further reading
Please visit our website: tescople.com/Investors

Highlights of the year

2025/26

u Jr Jr J
strategle report Governance Financlalstatements Additional information

| Performance highlights Statutory measures

(on a continuing operations basis)

crop and uns rom neve one rte
£66.6bn 29.0p £73.7bn £2,985m
Ajtadopersingpet™ recat robe te oaaesers
£3,152m £2,403m 27.1p

0.8% (2025: £3,128m) 8.5% (2025: £2,215m) 16.9% (2025: 23.1p)
14.5p £(10,563)m

28.5% 29pts

‘24bps (2025: 28.3%) ‘tpt (2025: 28pts)

‘The Groups statutory financial rests or the yer ended 28 February 2026 reflec 9 53-week reporting period, Alternative Performance Measures APs] are presented forthe 52 weeks to 2 February
ots oad compareity. cept fo: Net dest whichis presented et the lance sheet Gate hers no\mpact rom tne actonal week on nsurance ané Money Services and Central Europe. which
‘Feport tothe ens of February every ea

Inne withits restment when presented ist yer. the performance o the Goring opersuonsinFY 24/25 s presented asa cscontinued operation. Thelnsurance and Money Services business OMS)s
presentedon acontmung operations bak an therefoe wibin the heacine performance measures. Thee are no dscontinued operations inthe current year.

Allgrouth tes ae shown at ct! exchange ates

1 Aternative performance measures (APMel - the Group hs defined and outings the purpose its APMSin the Glossar starting on page 216.
(a) Group sles exclude VAT and fel

{S)Adustes operating profit end Adjusted dlvted PS exclude the impact of austin tems Refer to Mate Son page 137,

{6} Furtner information on Net debt canbe foundin Nate 3¥.0n page 194

{@)Freecasn fom san APM defined and outinedin the Glossry stating on page 296 See the Glossary starting on page 2¥6 or deta of changes to APMs
{6} Ukmartet shave based on Wortdpane! by Numerator Tota Grocers Tot! TR forte 2 weeks ended 2 Febr ary 2026

It) Brand NPs asedon OX Globo! band Tracker for I weeks ended 78 Febuary 2026,

Tesco PLC AnnualReport and Financial Statements 2026,

05

06

Tesco at a glance

Who
we are

The value our businesses bring to customers and the Group

Tesco's aleading multinational grocery retailer, with
3,724 stores across the UK, RO}, Czech Republi,
Hungary and Slovakia. Across a range of formats,
including online, large and convenience stores, we
offer customers great value and quality on food and
groceries, as well as F&F Home and Clothing.

) wwnseencom

One Stop is a retail convenience business with over
1,000 company and franchise stores across the UK.
(One Stop stores offer a wide range of groceries
‘and additional services, in the heart of local
‘communities.

O)wenorapcot

‘dunnhumby is recognised as a leader in connecting
‘customer insight and action to build loyalty, drive
performance, and deliver results that last for retailers
‘and brands. We achieve this through a distinctive
‘combination of Al-enabled science, software,

‘and trusted advice together with over 36 years

of experience.

ww aunmunaycon

Tesco insurance and Money Services is the UK's
second largest provider of travel money, the third
largest ATM networkin the UK, and serves more than
2.5miion customers across life, home, travel, pet,
‘and car insurance,

www tescolnsurance.com and
www tescotravelmoney.com

Booker is the UK's leading food and drink wholesaler,
delivering great choice, price and service to.a wide
range of customers - including caterers, independent
retailers and other businesses. Booker also owns
symbol brands including Budgens, Londis and Premier,

© wronsoctereaut

‘Tesco Mobile is the UK's largest mobile virtual network
‘operator, serving more than 5.5 millon UK customers.
Itwas established in 2003 as ajoint venture between
Tesco and 02, We now have nearly 600 phone shops
In total across the UK, ROI and Czech Republic.

wwnsecomedacon

‘Tesco PLC Annual Report and Financia Statements 2026

‘Our purpose framework

What we
stand for

Our core purpose is
Serving our customers,
communities and planet
a little better every day.

Serving our customers, communities and planet a little better every
day means we always keep customers at the heart of what we do,
andalso reflects our responsibilities to the communities we serve
and to society more broadly.

iS)

Customers.

Everything we do begins and ends with our customers.

By understanding our customers, we can anticipate and respond
to their needs and expectations.

‘Asa Group we serve a wide range of different customers, in
different settings, from retail customers through to insurance,
‘mobile, Booker’s wholesale customers, and dunnhumby's retailer
‘and consumer goods clients,

©

Communities

The role we play n the thousands of communities we serve is vital
= whether it is creating good jobs, supporting local suppliers and
producers, redistributing surplus food, or helping children and

& Ju LD

‘Governance Financial statements

‘Additional information

Our values put our purpose into practice
ur three values underpin our purpose, setting out how we work together
‘asa team and guiding the decisions and choices we make across the Group.

Noone tries
harder for
customers

2

We treat people
how they want to
betreated

3

Every little help
makes abig
difference

Understanding people.
customers, colleagues,
‘communities - and what
matters to them, and then
trying to make those things
better, is at the heart of Tesco.
Itis about listening to people
‘and then acting by changing and
innovating to meet their needs.

‘AtTesco, there isan

‘opportunity forall; everyone is

heard, valued, supported, and
‘empowered to be thelr best.
By respecting each other and
working together, we can make
“Tesco great for our colleagues

‘and customers,

Every little help makes a big
difference - It’s the value we
live by to ensure we serve our
‘customers, colleagues and
‘thelr communities alittle
better every day.

It captures how, when we add
pall the small things we do,
Tesco can make a big difference
to the issues customers,
colleagues, communities and
wider society care about.

07

Our Tesco values are a vital part of our culture - and an essential

schools through our community programmes.
a ry prom underpinning of our growth and success. They ensure that every person

at Tesco understands whats important ~ how we work together asa team
‘and how customers ae atthe centre of what we do. They are universal
Senet value, which have helped guide our people as Tescohas grown,

‘Our commitment to sustainability is core to our business. It drives
‘our work across our own operations and our supply chain to reduce
‘our environmental impact and support a healthier way of living.

‘Tesco PLC AnnualReport and Financial Statements 2026

08

Chair's statement

Chair’s
statement

‘Tesco PLC AnnualReport and Financia Statements 2026

''m very proud of the many ways Tesco has
continued to deliver for all our stakeholders
in what has been a rapidly changing and
competitive landscape.

‘Throughout the year, Tesco's core purpose of
serving our customers, communities and planet
alittle better every day has acted as a guiding
principle, underpinning every decision and every
investment we make. This clarity of purpose,
‘combined with the extraordinary dedication of
‘our colleagues, has helped us navigate challenging
headwinds, both domestically and internationally,
‘and make meaningful progress across all parts of
the business.

‘Customers have always been the cornerstone
of everything we do, and this year has been no
exception. Colleagues across Tesco ~ from the
shop floor and distribution to our head office
‘support and technology teams - have stepped
up, finding ways to surprise and delight
‘customers with more personalised offers,
Industry-leading availabilty, innovative new
products and the very best value.

Economic environment

We have delivered on our strategic priorities
‘against an economic backdrop that is undeniably
Challenging. Inflation has been high: geopolitics
‘remains unstable and commodity prices have
fluctuated; Government regulatory and policy
costs have increased; we have seen relentiess.
competition; and continuing cost of living
pressures have impacted the finances of
rrllions of households.

Our response to those pressures has been to
double down on the basics ofa briliant shopping
trip - an absolute focus on value, quality and
service. That approach has resonated with
shoppers in al of our markets and we've seen
that not only in our market share, which reached
its highest levels since 2015, but in our customer
satisfaction scores which continue to perform
‘ahead of our competitors.

This would not have been possible without the
collective efforts of over 340,000 colleagues.
‘across the business.

Investments
Together with our save to invest programme,
‘our strong performance has enabled us to
‘back long-term development programmes and
capital investment,

Inthis challenging environment, we're always
ooking for new ways to invest in our colleagues
‘and customers. Earlier last year | saw first-hand
Cone of our future-facing investments when
Ivisited our newly-opened distribution centre
inaylesford.

This semi-automated centre is already helping
Us to serve our customers in the south east of
England with fresh and frozen food, as well as
creating jobs and other benefits for the local
area. AS well as Aylesford, we have signed an
‘agreement in the past year to develop another
new distribution centre at London Gateway,
‘which is due to open in 2029.

Health

‘Asa leading food business we continue to do
‘everything we can to provide customers and
‘communities with healthy choices every time
they shop.

We have consistently found ways to support
customers and communities to live happier and.
healthier lifestyles, whether that’s through the
{ree fruit we gave to children shopping with their
{families in around 800 stores at the start of this
year or the extension of our free Fruit & Veg for
‘Schools programme, which has so far provided
15.7 millon portions of fru, to over 600 schools
across the country.

[At the end of December 2025, we achieved our
healthy food sales target ~ 65% (by volume) of
all the food we sel in the UK and ROI is now
Classified as healthy. We are determined to
ensure healthy ifestyles are accessible for
‘everyone - wherever they ive and regardless
of their budget.

Strategie report

Tesco’s core purpose of serving our customers,

communities and planet a little better every day has acted
as a guiding principle, underpinning every decision we make

and every investment we undertake.

‘Sustainability

Meanwhile, our sustainability agenda ~
particularly our progress towards net zero
emissions, decarbonisation initiatives and
partnerships with our farmers and wider supply
‘chain ~ has continued to reflect our role asa
responsible retailer and an industry leader in
tackling broader societal challenges.

Inthe past year we have made measurable
[progress on our sustainability ambitions. From
reducing emissions in our operations to
accelerating progress on sustainable sourcing
‘and packaging reduction, we are continuing to
set a strong example in our sector.

Board

Over the course of the past 12 months, the
Board has continued to make decisions that.
strengthen oversight of strategic risk and
focused on long-term value creation in areas
like Al ~ ensuring that Tesco is well positioned
to seize opportunites in the coming years.

Lam grateful to all my fellow Directors and the
Executive team for their expertise and wisdom
which have been fundamental to our continued
success this year.

| would also lke to extend a particular thanks
to Alison Platt who, after nine years as aNon~
‘executive Director and an important period

chairing our Remuneration Committee, retired
{from the Board after the 2025 Annual General
Meeting. The Board and | would like to thank Alison
for her long service and wish her al the best,

in the future.

Year ahead

Inthe year ahead we will navigate the current
period of uncertainty by staying true to.our
‘values and doing everything we can to support
customers, colleagues and communities through
this challenging time. Our investment in strategic
growth, our outstanding leadership team and our
Continued focus on innovation give us the right
fundamentals to do. great job forall the
stakeholders we serve.

Moreover, it gives us solid foundations to build
(on Tesco's established strengths and grow

‘new capabilities as we implement our evoed
strategy. This s based firmly on our renewed
‘commitment to Every Little Helps, providing
Consistent, sustainable value for all our
stakeholders ~ customers, colleagues,
‘suppliers, communities and shareholders alike.
(On behatf of all the Board, as always, | would
like to thank our colleagues for their dedication,
tireless effort and support.

Sptnry

Gerry Murphy
Chair, 15 April 2026

&

Q,) soot on

Jr Je )

Financialstatements _Adaitionalinformation

Governance

Supporting
schools with
fruit and veg

In 2024, in partnership with the British Nutrition
Foundation (BNF), we launched our free Fruit &
‘Veg for Schools programme in the UK, providing
‘over 400 schools which had a high proportion
of children on free school meals with funding
to purchase fruit and vegetables.

‘According to the BNF, only 12% of children aged
between 1! and 18 were meeting the government's
recommendation of five portions of fruit and
vegetables a day.

By targeting schools with higher levels of free
‘school meal eligibility, the programme aims
to provide pupils with a nutritious boost.

‘Since the scheme began in October 2024,

‘we have provided a total of 15.7m portions of
fruit and veg, averaging 85 portions per pupil
‘Our target for 2026 is to extend the programme
to around 1,000 schools across the UK.

ImROI, our focus on children's access to fresh
produce and opportunities for young people
‘to develop lifelong food confidence has
grown substantially

By the end of 2025, we were providing
nutritious fresh food every week during the
school term to more than 300 schools most
inneed across ireland, with 73% reporting
better school attendance.

15.7m

extra portions of fruit
and vegetables distributed
lnthe UK, averaging 85
portions per pupil.

{In recognition of its impact, the programme
received the Chambers Ireland Sustainable
Business impact Award in the Community
‘category in November 2025.

Tesco PLC Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026

09

10

Group Chief Executive's review

Group Chief

Executive’s review

For more information
about our results use
the QR code above

Tesco PLC Annual Report and Finaneta Statements 2026

Over the past 12 months, we have continued
todo everything we can to deliver for our
customers. We have demonstrated not only the
strength but also the resilience of our business
by ensuring our focus never wavers from
delivering the best possible shopping trip,

with great value, quality and service,

‘Against an uncertain economic and geopolitical
backdrop, we have been able to win consistently
with customers and build on the positive
momentum we came into the year with. And
‘we've done it by doubling down on what matters
most to customers. A convenient shopping
experience that customers can rely on, with
great product availabilty and even better service.
(Outstanding food and drink that’s surprised

‘and delighted customers. Even greater levels,

(of personalisation through Clubcard, and
innovations, from Whoosh to Marketplace,

that help us meet an even wider range of
customer needs.

(One of our strengths is the relationships we
hhave, and we never lose sight of all the different
groups we serve, day-in, day-out - from our
‘customers, colleagues and communities to

‘our suppliers and shareholders.

Customers.

For our customers, we know value is

‘as important as it has ever been in our 107-year
tory. So, we have done everything we can in

the past year to deliver what customers expect

when they shop at Tesco: brillant quality

Products at the best possible prices.

We have done that through offering Aldi Price

‘Match on more than 600 lines, Clubcard Prices

fon thousands of products each week, and the

‘bold commitment to keep prices low on 3,000,

Of the nation’s most-loved brands through

Everyday Low Prices.

‘And we have paired that value with first-class
quality. From fresh food to everyday essentials
We have continued to innovate with producers
‘and suppliers to ensure our shelves are packed
with hundreds of new and improved products
that reflect customer tastes as they evolve.

‘Our Finest range had another phenomenal year,
recording its third year of double-digit sales
‘growth, and our Finest wine took home the most
‘awards of all supermarket wine ranges at the
International Wine Challenge awards.

All these efforts have helped us to continue the
positive momentum in our customer satisfaction
‘scores. And we've grown our market share as
‘more customers have voted with their feet and
‘chosen to make Tesco part of their plans, both
In-store and online