N

TESCO

2.2.44

Value. Quality. Service.

Tesco PLC Annual Report and Financial Statements
Company Number: 00445790

2025

FRIDAY

At Tesco, we pride ourselves
on our commitment to deliver
for our customers.

We focus on doing the
basics brilliantly and
leading on the things
that truly matter to
customers, including...

Value.

We want to make sure that our customers are getting the best products at the best
prices every day at Tesco, whether they're shopping for potatoes, shirts or phone deals.

We continued to invest in lowering prices this year through our combination of Aldi Price
: Match, Low Everyday Prices and Clubcard Prices.

Save

Upto

‘Added an average of

» £392" c.650 ao

products per market to our Low prices locked for Booker catering customers.
with Clubcard Prices Price Guarantee in Central Europe between October 2024 and January 2025
*cuscaré Prices saving pt £992 based on the top 28% of Tesco Card members nd large sore sales between 6 Jnuary 202 and & January 2025, Tesco Cubeard Price saving ers regu Teco price

.--Quality.

We take care of the quality of our products from the very start of the supply chain, with our
farmers and growers, through manufacturing and packaging, to the presentation in our stores.
Thanks to a strong focus on product quality across our range, our quality perception has
improved 153 bps this year.

Fresh

1,000 15% 600 £2.5bn

new products launched increase in Tesco Finest products improved annual sales of Finest
sales in the UK

...service.

It is our mission to be easily the most convenient retailer. That means making sure
that products are available when customers want them, that our stores are easy
to shop and that our app offers everything they need in one place.

24/7

Grocer 33 1,500 18m

‘Award for availablity 2024 stores offering Whoosh, for Tesco app users
delivery in as litle as 20 minutes

Hello.

Welcome to our
Annual Report 2025.

Tesco was built to be a champion for customers, serving
them every day with affordable, healthy and sustainable food.
Our commitment to our customers extends beyond our
stores, and into every community we serve ~ in the UK,
Republic of Ireland (ROI), Slovakia, the Czech Republic and
Hungary. We invest in communities to help them thrive,
through supporting schools and children’s groups, food
banks and other good causes.

Our purpose guides every part of the Group. Serving our
customers, communities and planet a little better every day
is what we do.

Temagerepor Financial statements
‘ane cette 1 Baton anars po =
Soren 7 Soneonssmaner =
engl beer $ Sebasemat a cones =
Tescoat agence © Income/loss)

Saree §  Septeloee ot =
Searane taneao Ea oaganeay bs
Sencar eaaen ate CS onan 1
ornate pear ean been Compan taisestest 7
Sorbus tooa %  tieonc-teettoroeyaaonet 23
aa onan NER 8 Voaqecreasy
Bees i, fanronerot oy 7m
a a
foe 3 _“Adionatnforation

TCFO fincluding content finder inc 36 Supplementary information (unaudited) 226
pic ating beret Goss Ara

igor ea ae = etme ne -
Covernance ene ot a
a fa
Soemuescanien 5 renaniomatan or waren
Songer

oe =

‘Nominations and Governance Committee 72.

‘SustainabiityCommittee 7G.

ier 5

Race oman rar 6

Seanowa teases era 3

For integrated content in this report and further re

‘Task Force on Cilmate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFO)
TCFD content has been integrated across the Annual Report and can

bbe found using the index on page 36 and wherever you see thisicon:
‘responsible business

Download our Sustainabilty report: tescople.com/sustalnabilityreport2025

Our people
People content has been integrated across the Annual Report.

Further reading
Please vst our website: tescople.com/Investors

Q

Strategic report Governance Financial statements Adgitonalinformation
Highlights of the year

2024/25...

Performance highlights Statutory measures (on a continuing operations basis)
£63.6bn 28.3% £(9,454)m £69.9bn £2, 711m
sits pata cmentrontrine ——_| roi many ans
£3,128m 27.38p 28pts £2,215m ——-23.13p
ciaat pra ee

13.70p £1,750m

“Te performance of the Raking operations ha been presented a. cacontiued operation tothe de of lepota. The lnsranc and Money Services Buness as been presertedon a continuing bass
ta theretore within Neeine pertormance messes Further ces on Gscortinee oper aos canbe ound n Not

1 Arras perlormance mesures APM - the Group has delined and outed the purpose its APMsin the Glossar stating on page 28.

ia) Groupsatesexce VA ana fuel.

(2) ojos operating prof and cuted utes EPS exclas he impacto sausting tems Refer to Nate on page

1 fetcatron ncn angen erie whe rte pacegen acest nt ange the pir yar is torecuce xe 0m Far nrmatonon Net econ bef inNte npn 28
(6) Freeeaunow'e sn AP cetned and otinesin the lon page 2, Se the Gossry strtingon pate 228 for lst oT enanges to

te) Ucrortet sare sed on Kart Grocers ot Whol ona Yrwoe bas encing 3 Febrary 2078,

{i bane tesco Global rand wacker on atiree-montnrokagbens

Tesco PLC Annual Report and Financial Statements 025

Tesco at a glance

Who we are.

Our purpose

TescoMobse

We are
Tesco.

Serving our
customers,

We are Tesco, a <a communities
multinational grocery senior
retailer, with its mena are always and planet
headquarters in the atthe .
United Kingdom. we core a little Detter
We serve millions of ry day.
‘customers every week,

in stores and online, and
provide additional services
across the Tesco family.

Tesco PLC Annual Report and Financial Statements 2025,

Strategic report ‘Governance

The value our businesses bring to customers and the Group

Tesco's a leading multinational grocery retailer, which aims to serve
customers affordable, healthy and sustainable food. We have a relentless
focus on value and quality across large stores, convenience and online.

© ern

(One Stop isa retall convenience business with more than 1,000
‘shops across the UK. The focus this year has been to provide
customers in local communities with quality products and
services at great prices.

G) moist

Financial statements

Booker is the UK's leading food and drink wholesaler, delivering great
choice, price and service to a wide range of customers - including
caterers, independent retailers and other businesses. Booker also
‘owns symbol brands including Budgens, Londis and Premier.

O werent

‘Tesco Mobile the UK's largest mobile virtual network operator,
serving more than §.5 millon UK customers. Established in 2003
‘asa oint venture between Tesco and 02. it has grown into

‘an award-winning network with more than 500 phone shops.

‘This year, the focus has been on unlocking the power of Clubcard
to deliver unique value and service for customers.

) wemsescamstie com

‘dunnhumby is a global leader in customer data science. It works with
‘brands, grocery retail retail pharmacy and retail financial services
to provide technology, software and consultancy services. Its insights
help retailers and brands to truly put the customer first, through
‘engaging experiences which enhance loyalty and growth,

QO) worn cumruniy com

Tesco Insurance and Money Services helps more than 2 millon
customers protect what matters to them across home, travel,

ppet and car insurance. Its the second largest provider of travel
‘money and has the third largest ATM network in the UK, with more
than 3,400 ATMs in over 3,000 Tesco and One Stop stores. Its gift
Card offering isthe largest in the UK retail market.

G) wrest cn netontentnn

‘Additional information| 7.

Where we operate

4,572

Stores globally

3,829

Stores in the United Kingdom

182

Stores in the Republic
of ireland

184

Stores in the Czech Republic

179

‘Storesin Slovakia

198

‘Stores in Hungary

Tosco PLC Annual Report and Fingal Statements 2025,

Chair's statement

Deliver.

As we build for the future, Tesco continues
to deliver for all stakeholders.

‘Texe0 PLC Annual Report and Financial Statements 2025,

Ireflect on another strong year for Tesco and
| would like to start by thanking al colleagues
‘across the Group.

Every time | go around Tesco, in our stores,
distribution centres, offices and across all of
‘our markets, | see consistent and enthusiastic
<decication to our simple and shared purpose
‘of serving our customers, communities and the
planet alittle better every day.

There is never a straightforward year in retail
‘As ever, we have had to navigate external events,
geopolitical influences and changing consumer
trends, but we have always tried to stay
Connected to our stakeholders and do

what is right for them.

In focusing on all of our stakeholders, the Tesco
‘team has delivered higher customer satisfaction,
Increased market share in the UK and Iretand and
‘a strong trading and financial performance from
the Group.

It's thanks to those efforts that today Tescois,
‘a stronger business than ever, fit for the future
‘and with gathering strategic momentum.

Every Little Helps
‘While inflation eased over the year, value
remains the biggest influence when it comes
‘tocustomers’ shopping choices, and itis
‘essential that we retain our relentless
‘commitment to price and quality.

Inthe UK, Tesco was the cheapest ful-ine
grocer throughout the year, while in ireland we
saw volume growth in every quarter this year
and in Central Europe we have continued to
cut prices in each of our markets.

We have continued to invest in our colleagues,
with further significant increases in hourty pay
‘and other benefits, eecognising the essential
role that our colleagues playin supporting our
customers and communities, and in helping
TTesco succeed. 'm proud that Tesco continues
tobe a fantastic place to get on and build an
‘exciting and rewarding career.

‘Supporting our communities remains central to
‘our business, and to our purpose. Ths year, our
‘Stronger Starts programme made a real impact
for children across the UK with its Fruit & Veg for
‘Schools initiative, which has so far supported
4400 schools with more than § milion portions
of fruit. For further detail, see pages land

12. We've also supported hundreds of young
people from some of the UK's most deprived
‘areas to start their careers thanks to our
Stronger Starts apprenticeships.

The team has achieved higher customer satisfaction,
increased market share and a strong financial
performance. When we prioritise our customer
offer, we deliver for all our stakeholders.

''m also proud that we have doubled down on
‘our drive towards net zero, for example with
‘progress in harnessing solar energy for the
future and moving freight from road to more
sustainable rain the UK. We have also worked
hard to support our farmers and suppliers. in
January, we relaunched the Tesco sustainable
farming group to support British pig farmers.

Strong financial performance
‘ur investments over the last four years have
resulted in the most competitive position and
highest marketshare we have had for many
‘years, with strong finances and positive trading
Momentum. Business growth and efficient use
Of our resources have resulted in another strong
financial performance during 2024/25, Group
adjusted operating profit rose 10.9%. driven

by further progress in our core retal markets
anda further contribution from our save to
invest programme.

We have delivered well against the multi-year
performance framework we set out in 2021,
leading to strong cash generation and
shareholder returns.

Tesco Bank update

In November 2024, we completed the sale of our
Banking operations to Barclays, while retaining
ourinsurance business, ATMS, travel money

‘and gift cards which wil trade under the Tesco
Insurance and Money Services brand, We also
launched a new long-term strategic partnership
with Barclays to provide our customers access
to. range of Tesco-branded financial products

Strategic report

‘and services. This partnership combines Tesco's
‘market-leading retail proposition, physical and
digital reach with Barclays’ deep financial
services capabilities.

Board changes
In February, we welcomed Chris Kennedy tothe
Board as a Non-executive Director. As the Chief
Financial Oficer and Chief Operating Officer at
TTY, Chris brings a wealth of knowedge in nancial
management, strategic planning and corporate
governance, and willbe areal asset tothe Board
Hels amember of the Audit Committee and the
‘Nominations and Governance Committee.

Looking ahead
In adeition to inflationary cost pressures from
‘government decisions affecting employment
‘costs and ervironmental reguations. we are
seeing even stronger competitive actvtyin our
key UK grocery market. We are committed. as
‘always, to ensuring that Tesco customers get the
best value inthe market without compromising
‘on quality and we wil aways act to protect and
strengthen our competitive position.

Tescohas weathered a numberof turbulent
periods in recent years. Through al ofthat, it
has emerged a stronger. more robust business.
Tam confident, thanks to the dedication of our
colleagues and expertise of our leaders, that

it will do so again in the year ahead.

}L__||

‘Governance Financial statements

Tescoisa vibrant business, full of energy, ideas
‘and creativity. Innovation has always been in
Tesco's DNA including the launch of Clubcard
‘asa globally groundbreaking loyalty programme
30 years ago. On a dally basis see that restless
Spirit as strong as ever with our growing retal
‘media business and our ever more personalised
‘Clubcard offer as great examples of commercial
‘and strategic innovation.

Tesco never stands still and wil always look

for new ways todo the best we can for our
‘customers, communities and planet. t's why
we come to work.

Ser,

Chair
April 2025

‘Adaitional information

() Did you know:
The UK and ROI,

saw like-for-like
volume growth in
every quarter of

the year.

‘Te1co PLC Annual Report and Financial Statements 2025,

10.

Our purpose framework

What we
stand for.

Our core purpose i
Serving our customers,
communities and planet
a little better every day.

‘Serving our customers, communities and planet alittle better every day
means we always keep customers at the heart of what we do, while also
reflecting our responsibiities to the communities we serve and to society
more broadly.

Customers
Everything we do begins and ends with our customers. By understanding
‘our customers, we can anticipate and respond to their needs

and expectations.

‘Asa Group we serve a wide range of different customers, in different
settings, from retail customers to customers of our insurance, mobile and
wholesale businesses, as well as dunnhumby's retailer and supplier cients.

Communities

The role we play in the thousands of communities we serve is vital ~
whether it's creating good jobs, supporting local suppliers and
‘producers, or helping local causes through our community programmes.

Planet

‘Our commitment to sustainability is core to our business. It drives
‘our work across our own operations and our supply chain to reduce
‘our environmental impact and support a healthier way of living

Tesco PLC Annual Report and Financial Statements 2025,

Our values put our purpose into practice:
ur three values underpin our purpose, setting out how we work together
as. team and guiding the decisions and choices we make across the Group,

Understanding people ~
customers, colleagues,
‘communities ~ and what
matters to them, and then
‘trying to make those things.
better, is at the heart of Tesco.

It's about listening to people and
talking to them usingall the tools
‘at our disposal - from Clubcard
data to social media - and

‘then acting by changing and
innovating to meet their needs.

2.

We treat people
how they want
tobe treated

Here, there is an opportunity
for all; everyone is heard,
valued, supported, and
‘empowered to be their best.

By respecting each other and
‘working together, we can make
Tesco great for our colleagues
‘and customers.

Every little help makes a big
difference - It's the value we
live by to ensure we sorve our
customers, colleagues and
their communities alittle
better every day.

Itreally captures how. when we
‘add up all the small things we do.
Tesco can make a big difference
to the issues customers,
colleagues, communities and
wider society care about.

Since we first introduced our Tesco Values more than a decade ago, they have become a vital part of our
cuiture - and an essential underpinning of our growth and success. They ensure that every person at
Tesco understands what isimportant - how we work together as a team and how customers are at the
Centre of what we do. They are universal values, which have helped guide our people as Tesco has grown,