TESCO

4D AD AD AD AD

Registered number 00445790

Serving
our customers,
communities
and planet
a little better
every day.

i wn

20772022 #114
COMPANIES HOUSE

>
<
3
Q
«
>
=
=

1
|
J

Annual Report and Financial Statements 2022

Contents

Strategic report
Introduction ...
2022 highlights.

ae —:| Serving our
on prawn oon customers,

Chairman's statement ...
Group Chief Executive's review ............. =
Our market context.. 7 e e

Our strategie prorties and performance frameworks. communities
Key performance indicators .....sccssssusssvsstsstnsinsntsisnsesee

Our business MOdEl ..........cccceesecneeeen eve a
Our colleagues... . — . | t
engage with ou stakeholder an p aneta
Section 172 statement

Financial review.......... . . eee . - . e

principal sks and uncertainties... | | tt | e bette r
Longer term viability statement. . . .

Climate

Task Force on Climate related Financial Disclosures,

Non-financial information statement... ; eve ry ay.
Corporate governance
Chairman's letter

Compliance with the UK Corporate Governance Code...
Board of Directors
Executive Committee...
tw@ © ai] ~Division of responsibilities
Board leadership and company purpose...
Board activity
Composition, succession and evaluation
“Nominations and Governance Committee
-| Corporate Responsibility Committee
Audit Committee
Directors’ remuneration report.
Directors’ report

Financial statements and Other information
Index

Visit www.tescopic.com/ar2022
for more information.

Tesco PLC Annual Report and Financial Statements 2022

ye

Hello.

Tesco was built to be a champion for customers, serving them
every day with affordable, healthy and sustainable food.

Our commitment to our customers extends beyond our stores,
and into every local community we serve - in the UK, Ireland,
Slovakia, Czech Republic and Hungary. We provide extra support
to those that need it, through food banks, donation schemes
and community grants.

This is a critical time for our planet and so we are finding new
ways to reduce our impact on the environment and collaborate
with our suppliers and customers to help them do the same.

At the heart of Tesco is our fantastic team of 345,000 colleagues,
who go above and beyond to make a difference. We work hard to
be an inclusive workplace, where all colleagues can be at their
best and build the skills to grow their careers.

This year, we refreshed our purpose to reflect the way we serve
our communities and the planet more broadly, as well as our
continued commitment to customers in every part of our Group,
from Booker to Tesco Bank. Serving our customers, communities
and planet a little better every day is what we do.

Tesco PLC Annual Report and Financial Statements 2022

ie

2022 highlights.

Performance highlights

Group sales*

2.5%

£54.8bn

(2021: £53.4bn)

Dividend per share

19.1%

10.90p

(2021: 9.15p)

Adjusted diluted EPS#i"™")

88.8%

21.86p

(2021: 11.58p)

Net debt"

(12)%

£(10.5)bn

(2021: £(12.0)bn)

Statutory measures

Statutory revenue

6.0%
£61.3bn

(2021: £57.9bn)

Operating profit”

65.5%
£2,560m

(2021: £1,547m)

4 Alternative performance measures (APMs)

‘All measures epart from Net debt are shown on e continuing operetions basis unless otherwise stated.
‘The Group has defined and outlined the purpose of its APMS In the Glossary starting on page 207. During the year. the operating profit and EPS APMs were renamed. ‘Operating profit
before exceptional items and emortisation of acquired intangibles’ has changed to ‘Adjusted operating profit’. ‘Diluted EPS before exceptional and other items’ has changed to
“Adjusted diluted EPS". The Retail free cash flow APM was amended in order to provide a more consistent and predictable view of free cash flow genereted by the Group's retall
‘operation. ‘Exceptional items and amortisation of acquired intangibles’ within operating profit. along with net pension finance costs, fair value remeasurements of financial

Adjusted operating
profits

58.0%

£2,825m

(2021: £1,788m)

UK market share
(sales value)

+30bps

27.7%

(2021: 27.4%)

Statutory profit
before tax’

219.7%
£2,033m

(2021: £636m)

Strategic report

Retail free cash flow’

69.9%

£2,277m

(2021: £1,340m)

Group net promoter
score

+3pts

18 pts

(2021: 15 pts)

Statutory diluted EPS‘

252.0%
19.64p

(2021: 5.58p)

Instruments, and the tax impact of such items (below operating profit), are now called ‘Adjusting items". The policy for determining adjusting items, and the items adjusted for, are
unchanged from the prior year and hence there Is no impact on previously reported APMS.

{2} Adjusted operating profit and Adjusted diluted EPS exclude the impact of adjusting tems.

(b) The shere base used in Adjusted diluted EPS in the prior year is adjusted to capture the full impact of the share consolidetion which followed the sele of our businesses in Thslland and Melaysia,
as ifit took place at the start of the 2020/21 finenciel yeer. As such, Adjusted diluted EPS ledjusted for share consolidation Is presented on a basis other then in accordence with IAS 33.

(€) The Group has changed its accounting policy for property buybacks in light of en evolution of accepted prectice in relation to the application of IFRS 16 "Leases’ to such transactions.
Comparative have been restated for this change in accounting policy (see Note 1 on page 122 for further details)

(d) Net debt and Retail free cesh flow exclude the impact of Tesco Bank.

(e) Statutory diluted EPS from continuing operations.

Tesco PLC Annual Report and Financial Statements 2022

Be

Tesco at a glance

The Tesco Group.

Tesco is a British grocery retailer, with its headquarters in the United Kingdom.
We serve millions of customers every week, in stores and online and provide
additional services across the Tesco family.

Founded in 1919, Tesco began as a market stall in the East End of London. Today we operate 4,752 stores in five markets:
the UK, Ireland, Czech Republic, Slovakia and Hungary, serving millions of customers every week, in stores and online.

The Tesco Group also includes: Tesco Bank; Tesco Mobile; a network of One Stop convenience stores; the UK's leading
wholesale business, Booker; and our data-science business, dunnhumby.

Tesco is one of the leading
food retailers in Europe.
It serves customers in stores
as well as online

www.tesco.com

Booker is the UK’s leading
food and drink wholesaler, serving
caterers. independent retailers
and other businesses. Booker also
‘owns symbol brands including

Budgens, Londis and Premier.

dunnhumby is a global leader in
customer data science, working
with brands, grocery retail. retail
pharmacy and retail financial
services to provide technology.
software and consultancy services.

www.dunnhumby.com www.booker.co.uk

TESCO

Tesco Bank aims to make
banking and insurance easier
and better value for people who
shop at Tesco. Founded in 1997,
today the Bank helps more than
five million customers manage their
money every day.

‘One Stop has been a subsidiary
of Tesco since 2003, with

convenience stores serving

communities across the UK.

www.onestop.co.uk

www.tescobank.com

Tesco Mobile offers supermarket
value for more than five million UK
customers. Established in 2003 as a
joint venture between Tesco and 02,
Tesco Mobile has grown into an
award-winning network with more
than 500 phone shops.

www.tescomobile.com

4 Tesco PLC Annual Report and Financial Statements 2022

Strategic report

Our purpose

Serving our
customers,
COMMUNITIES see preceunserine tesco

Group and supports our ambitions
and commitments as we enter our
a nd @) | a net next chapter. This year, we refreshed
our purpose to reflect the dedication
e and passion that Tesco colleagues
a | itt | e bette r put in to serving customers,
supporting local communities and

the contribution we want to make

every d ay to the wider world and beyond.
. e

Our values

Our three values underpin our purpose,
setting out how we work together as a
team and guiding the decisions and
choices we make across the Group.

No one tries harder for customers

We listen to our customers, our communities and each
other. and use this information to make better decisions
as a business. With the expertise and knowledge of our
colleagues, we change, innovate and adapt to meet
customer needs.

We treat people how they want
to be treated

People will always be at the heart of Tesco: a place where
everyone is welcome. An inclusive, supportive workplace for
our colleagues, where they feel recognised and rewarded
for the work they do and have opportunities to get on.

A business where we build strong, long-term relationships
with our suppliers and external partners. Respect, trust and
understanding is in our culture.

Every little help makes a big difference

Help comes in all shapes and sizes. From supporting a local
food bank, raising money in a sponsored charity walk, or
delivering great service, our colleagues continue to make 2
difference to those around them. When we add up the
many things we do at a local level. we make a big difference.

Tesco PLC Annual Report and Financial Statements 2022 5

oe

Our purpose in action

Serving our
customers.

Tesco is a champion for customers.
We provide brilliant, helpful service
in every corner of our business, with
products and services that are
accessible for everyone.

Value

Our commitment to great value at Tesco is unwavering. Value of
course includes price - but today, it also means more. It is the
combination of price and quality across a wide range of healthy
and sustainable products. Our three different product tiers -
Exclusively at Tesco, Core and Finest - ensure everyone who.
shops with us can find the best value to suit them and removes
reasons to shop elsewhere. In the UK, we offer Aldi Price Match,
Low Everyday Prices and Clubcard Prices. We have extended
Clubcard Prices to stores in ireland and Centra! Europe and
have also recently introduced Aldi Price Match in Ireland.

Quality

We are always looking at how we can keep making the quality of
‘our products that little bit better, working with suppliers to sell
fresh, seasonal produce and innovating to create new delicious
ranges. Through our Quality Promise seal, customers can easily
see in store our freshest and highest quality products. This year,
we have made mealtimes easier for customers with our new
Wicked Kitchen meal deal. Fire Pit BBO range and Jamie Oliver
Traybake partnership. We have also extended Wicked Kitchen
products to Booker retailers for the first time.

Tesco PLC Annual Report and Financial Statements 2022

Convenience

The scale of our store and online network is unrivalled in the UK,
enabling us to serve customers wherever, whenever and however
they want. Our growing online offer serves more than 99% of UK
postcodes and the launch of Tesco Whoosh enables us to capture
the growing demand for rapid delivery, with similar trials taking
place in Central Europe. In Ireland, we have agreed to acquire

10 Joyce's Supermarkets in Galway (subject to approval from

the Competition and Consumer Protection Commission).

Service

Through the pandemic, our colleagues went above and beyond to
serve customers. It is a testament to their hard work that customer
satisfaction scores continue to increase. We are always looking for
little helps to support our customers. including Changing Places
facilities for those with complex disabilities, sunflower lanyards

for non-visible disabilities and @ permanent quiet hour for those
who would benefit from a calmer shopping experience.

Voted Britain’s Favourite Supermarket

7 years running

by customers in the Grocer Gold Awards.

Strategic report

Serving our
communities.

We are empowering our stores, our
colleagues and our customers to make
a bigger difference locally and finding
new ways we Can all play our part.

Supporting local groups and projects

In all our markets, we operate community grant schemes.
supporting thousands of charities and community organisations
every year. Since 2016, we have awarded more than £93m of
UK funding to more than 46,000 local community projects and
charities. The Tesco Community Fund has donated €6m to
more than 21,000 local projects in Ireland since 2014, and
community groups across Central Europe have benefited

from our You Choose, We Help grant programme.

Food redistribution

Every day. Tesco stores and distribution centres donate surplus
food to local charities through our Community Food Connection
scheme. This year. we donated 27.8 million meals from our

UK business, 17.8 million in Central Europe, 4.1 million meals through
Booker and 2.9 million in Ireland. We also partner with food banks
and local charities through our in-store customer food donation
points, and through our Food Collection programme.

Supporting communities globally

We help create jobs and opportunities for people and communities
across the world. Our aimis that all the jobs throughout our supply
chain, are decent, fair and safe and that human rights are always
respected. We take a zero-tolerance approach to any breach of
human rights. This year, we started working with our banana
producers to close the living wage gap for workers. We responded
quickly to the war in Ukraine, with our first donations of food.
hygiene products and clothing leaving our depots in Hungary.
Czech Republic and Slovakia just 48 hours after the conflict started.

Making Tesco a great place to work for all

Our colleagues are at the heart of how we serve our customers.
communities and the planet a little better every day. We recognise
ur colleagues through highly competitive reward packages,
offering skills training and flexibility. supporting their physical
and mental wellbeing and building an inclusive culture where
everyone feels truly welcome. We have committed to jumpstart
the careers of more than 45,000 young people in the UK -
providing skills through our apprenticeships. internships and
graduate programmes as well as placements through the

UK Government's Kickstart programme.

52.6 million

meals provided to local charities
across the Group through our
food redistribution programmes.

Tesco PLC Annual Report and Financial Statements 2022

8

Our purpose in action continued

Serving our
planet.

As a food industry, we need to find ways
to feed our growing population more
sustainably - using less land and fewer
natural resources. For Tesco, this is
crucial in order to retain the ability to
serve customers affordable, healthy
and sustainable food.

Greener energy and transport

We already use 100% renewable electricity in the UK and Europe,
and we are helping to create the UK's largest supermarket
electric vehicle charging network, installing 2,400 charging points
across our stores. By 2028, we have committed to making all our
UK home delivery fleet fully electric. We are investing more in rail
freight to make food transportation more sustainable and. ina
UK first, we have introduced commercial fully electric HGV lorries.

Use of plastics and packaging

‘When it comes to plastic packaging, we are committed to our 4Rs
strategy: Remove where we can, Reduce where we can't, Reuse
more, and Recycle what's left. Since we launched our 4Rs strategy
in 2019, we have removed more than 1.6 billion pieces of plastic.

In our UK and Ireland stores, we have introduced soft plastic
recycling facilities and launched a UK partnership with Loop to
offer more sustainable packaging alternatives.

Tesco PLC Annual Report and Financial Statements 2022

Supporting healthy, sustainable diets

Working in partnership with WWF, we are on a journey to halve
the environmental impact of the average UK shopping basket

- a partnership which has now been extended to Central Europe.
In November 2021, we became proud signatories to WWF's
Retailers’ Commitment for Nature. Tesco is the UK’s number one
plant-based retailer, and we are aiming to increase the sales of our
plant-based products by 300% by 2025 versus a 2018 baseline.
We are also reformulating products to remove salt, fat and sugar
from products without affecting taste. Since 2018, we have
removed more than 59 billion calories from our products.

Reducing food waste

In our own operations, we have reduced food waste by 45%

since 2016/17 and we are looking for new innovations to go further.
For example, we have been working to explore how insects like
Black Soldier Fly larvae, could potentially be used as a replacement
for meat-based protein in pet food or as a replacement for soy in

chicken and fish meal.
Committed to achieve

Committed to be carbon
neutral in our own net zero emissions
across our entire

operations across the
Group by 2035. value chain by 2050.

oY

Chairman’s statement

Creating
long-term
sustainable
value.

This has been an important year for Tesco. Not only have we
managed the ongoing impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, but we
have also been looking forward, setting out our new multi-year
performance framework and the strategic priorities that will
support us to deliver against it. | would like to thank every Tesco
colleague in every market and every business, for their hard
work and for never losing sight of our purpose and values.

Living our new purpose

Having a strong purpose is essential to the running of our
business: it is what drives us forward and guides the decisions
we make. Reflecting our commitment to the communities

we serve and the wider environment, it is right that we have
evolved our purpose: serving our customers, communities
and planet a little better every day.

Arecent example of this is in response to the war in Ukraine.
It is deeply sad to see the impact on the people of Ukraine and
‘our thoughts are with everyone affected. As a business, we
responded quickly, leveraging our partnership with the British
Red Cross to provide help where it was needed. Thanks to the
generosity of our customers and colleagues, together we have
raised almost £4m to help the Red Cross get vital support to
those affected. While Tesco has no direct operations in either
Russia or Ukraine, we are keeping a close eye on the evolving
situation and its effect on the wider global economy.

Everyone plays an important role in delivering on this purpose.
It guides the discussions we have as a Board and we have played
an active role in supporting the work of the Executive team when

Strategic report

it comes to key issues such as health and the environment. This
year, we are introducing new remuneration performance targets
specifically related to our progress on key sustainability measures.
This means that 25% of the Performance Share Plan awards will
depend on our progress on gender and ethnicity representation,
carbon reduction and food waste reduction in our own operations,
subject to approval at the AGM (see more on pages 80 to 82).

The Board continues to engage with stakeholders both inside
and outside the business (see more on pages 20 to 22). As a
business, we have a deep understanding of our customers, and the
expertise in our team to help drive progress. For example, our
team of chefs and product developers have been working to
improve the health profile of our products without affecting

taste, as we work to increase the number of healthy products.

as a proportion of sales, to 65% by 2025.

Anew chapter

In October 2021, we set out the new strategic priorities and
performance framework for the business (see pages 14 and 15).
In this next chapter, Tesco will focus on driving greater value for
all stakeholders - doing the basics brilliantly and leveraging our
many unique advantages across the Tesco Group to enhance
competitiveness, accelerate growth and generate cash.

We will also deliver ongoing capital returns to shareholders,
through our progressive dividend policy and share buyback
programme. We have set a full-year dividend of 10.90p and
a commitment to repurchase shares worth £750m over
the next 12 months.

Strong growth

By remaining customer-focused at all times, Tesco has delivered

a strong full-year performance, with Group sales increasing 2.5% at
actual rates and adjusted operating profit reaching £2.8bn.

The work we have done in the UK last year means we are winning
customers from our competitors. with overall customer
perception of the brand stepping forward once again across

value and quality. Our Brand index stepped forward by 9bps in

the year, on top of exceptional growth last year.

This year has demonstrated the resilience of our supply chains
and strong partnerships we have built with suppliers. Many
businesses experienced disruption in their supply chains
including from COVID-19, labour shortages and post-Brexit
restrictions. These have all impacted the way we work, but
thanks to extensive planning and an agile response, we were

able to protect availability for customers.

Board changes

In January, we announced that Steve Golsby and Simon Patterson
will retire from the Board at this year's AGM. Both Steve and Simon
have made valuable contributions to the Tesco team over many
years and | wish them all the best in the future. Steve Golsby will
also step down from his role as Chair of the Remuneration
Committee and will be succeeded by Alison Platt.

Looking ahead

On behalf of myself and the Board, | would like to thank colleagues
across the Group for their continued commitment and hard work
over the past 12 months. We have overcome many obstacles together,
and | am sure there will be more to come, but the new purpose and
strategic priorities will steer us on the path of building a stronger
and more sustainable business that we can continue to be proud of.

——

son. A
John Allan CBE
Non-executive Chairman
12 April 2022 x

Tesco PLC Annual Report and Financial Statements 2022 9

10

Group Chief Executive’s review

A new
chapter.

The momentum in our business is strong
and with a refreshed purpose and new
strategic priorities, there is energy and
drive to keep growing and innovating.

This year, we have turned the pages on a new chapter.
Our new purpose and strategic priorities will set us up to
be even more competitive in the future, building on the
fantastic work done to date.

| want to thank the Tesco team for their hard work and for
the way colleagues have supported each other through the
challenges of the last year. The culture within Tesco is one of
‘our unique strengths, guided by our values that no one tries
harder for customers. we treat people how they want to be
treated and every little help makes a big difference

Driven by our strengths

‘As we developed the plans that will enable our next chapter,

we wanted to truly understand what our strengths are, how the
market is moving and what we need to do to better serve customers
in the future. The result is a new set of strategic priorities for the
Group and a performance framework to help track our progress
over the coming years. We have the right plans in place, and our
colleagues have embraced them wholeheartedly.

Our new purpose

Tesco is more than a supermarket to its customers, and colleagues
agreed that we needed to broaden our purpose for a world where
‘our customers still expect us to serve them as shoppers, but also
as contributors to their community and to the wider world.

We have therefore updated our purpose to be ‘Serving our
customers, communities and planet alittle better every day’.

The word ‘customer’ better encompasses how we serve people
across the Tesco Group - from Tesco shoppers and Bank
customers to Booker retail partners and dunnhumby's global clients.
By acknowledging our communities and the planet within our
purpose, we ensure they are factored into every decision we make.

With the COP26 Climate Conference hosted in Glasgow in 2021,
we set out our own Climate Manifesto (Tesco PLC: A Better
Basket). Tesco’s journey on climate action started many years
‘ag0. but this year we have worked to be even more ambitious
and accelerate our progress. Our UK target to be carbon neutral
in our own operations by 2035 was this year extended to cover
the whole Group and we committed to achieving net zero
emissions across our entire value chain by 2050, including
those generated by the products we sell and across our supply
chains. Meeting these targets will be challenging. It will need
transformational change as well as close collaboration with our
suppliers and customers, but it is essential if we are to tackle
the climate crisis (see more on page 40).

In February 2022, we were all deeply distressed to see the crisis

unfold in Ukraine. Our hearts go out to everyone affected. We have
been working alongside the British Red Cross to offer help in the

Tesco PLC Annual Report and Financial Statements 2022

most practical ways we can. Together with customers, we have
raised almost £4m to the British Red Cross, as well as £500,000
to humanitarian organisations in Central Europe. We are also
leveraging our distribution network in Central Europe to get
supplies where they are most needed: supporting Ukrainian
refugees to access Tesco jobs in all our markets: and removing
fees from Tesco Bank transfers to Ukraine or Tesco mobile calls
to Ukraine. We will continue to respond to the evolving situation

Our strategic priorities
The new strategic priorities and performance framework for the
Group are set out in more detail on pages 14 and 15.

‘Mognetic value for customers

Magnetic value is the combination of price, quality, range.
customer experience - and it is also the work we do to bring value
to communities and the planet more broadly, through our work
on health and sustainability. This strategic priority is all about
providing reliable value that removes customers’ needs to shop
elsewhere, combined with positive reasons to shop more with us.

Hove my Tesco Clubcard
More than 20 million households have a Clubcard, and going
forward, we will be making even greater use of insight to make
the shopping experience more personalised and relevant.
Combining Clubcard with our online grocery business, our
nine million regular app users and the capability offered

by dunnhumby, we have the opportunity to create additional
value and increase loyalty.

Easily the most convenient
To be convenient now means serving customers wherever,
whenever and however they want to be served. We believe we
‘can do that better than anyone by leveraging our existing reach
and strong network. We will continue to adapt. while at the same
time seeking capital-light growth opportunities in the two key
growth channels of online and convenience.

Save to invest
To give us the fuel to invest in our priorities and to offset
inflationary pressures, we need to continue our longstanding
approach of being as simple, agile and productive as we can be.
We want to make sure we only spend money where it adds value
for customers and, in total, we are aiming for around £1bn of
savings across a range of areas over the next three years.