TESCO

Serving our customers, communities
and planet a little better every day.

Tesco PLC Annual Report and Financial Statements 2024

Company Number: 00445790

<

ry

a

a

2 *ADSZCI8A*
AIG 25/06/2024

COMPANIES HOUSE

Tl

#58

Hello.

Welcome to our Annual Report 2024

Tesco was built to be a champion for customers, serving them every day
with affordable, healthy and sustainable food. Our commitment to our
customers extends beyond our stores, and into every community we serve
- in the UK, Republic of Ireland (ROI), Slovakia, the Czech Republic and
Hungary. We invest in communities to help them thrive, through supporting

schools and children’s groups, food banks and other good causes.

In challenging times, our purpose has guided every part of the Group.
Serving our customers, communities and planet a little
better every day is what we do.

Navigating our interactive document

This report is interactive so simply click on the section
you would like to go to. The same applies to the smaller
contents tables within the report.

The tools described below can be used to move
through our report and return to the contents page.

© Return to contents S)
© Return to previous page
Visit our investor

© Page back site for further reading
© Page forward tescopic.com/investors

Governance Financial statements ‘Additional information @©eEOQ 01.

Strategic report

Performance highlights. on
Performance highlights Tesco ata glance _ 02

Supporting our customers

with value they can rely on 04
Group sales!” Adjusted diluted EPS*™ Chair's statement 06
£61 5 b n 2 3 M re) (Our purpose framework 08
jay ° {40% ° Group Chief Executive's review 09
(2023: £57.2bn) (2023: 20.53p) Our market context B

‘Our strategic priorities 14
Adjusted operating profit*™ Retail free cash flow Key performance indicators 16

. , Our business model 7

£2,829m £2,063m Planet ie
12.8% (3.31% Planet plan in action 20
(2023: £2,509m) (2023: £2,133m) Financial review 2

Principal risks and uncertainties 30
Dividend per share Net debt* Nature 38

Task Force on Climate-related
12 10 p £(9,764)m Financial disclosures 39
11.0% 6.9% Longer term viability statement 46
(2023: 10.90p) (2023: £(10,493)m)

Corporate governance
UK market share (sales value) Group net promoter score”

Governance at a glance 48
27. 6% 1 9 pts Governance introduction 50
28bps +4pts Board of Directors 52
(2023: 27.3%) (2023: 15pts) Executive Committee 37

Nominations and Governance Committee 4 7

Sustainability Committee 78
Statutory measures: Audit Committee 82

Directors’ remuneration report 90
Statutory revenue Operating profit Directors’ report 18
£68.2bn £2,821m Financial statements
4.4% 100.1% ‘tor’
(2023: £65.3bn) (2023: £1,410m) Independent auditor's report ul

Group income statement 129
Statutory profit before tax Statutory diluted EPS Group statement of comprehensive

income/Iloss) 130
£2 ,289m 24. 53 p Group balance sheet 131
159.5% 178.4% - “Group statement of changes in equity 132
(2023: £882m) (2023: 8.81p) Group cash flow statement 133

Notes to the Group financial statements 134

Tesco PLC - Parent Company balance sheet 204
Tesco PLC - Parent Company statement

of changes in equity 205
Notes to the Parent Company
financial statements 206

Related undertakings of the Tesco Group 212

Comparatives have been restated for the adoption of IFRS 17‘Insurance contracts
Additional information

In February 2024 we announced the sale of our banking operation, which has been

consequently classified as discontinued. Discontinued operations are excluded from

Supplementary information a
‘our headline performance metrics, ~

Glossary - Alternative
A Alternative performance measures (APMs) performance measures 220
‘All measures apart from Net debt are shown on a continuing operations basis unless Five-year record ra
otherwise stated, with growth stated at actual exchange rates. The Group hes defined Wveryear recor
‘and outlined the purpose of its APMs in the Glossary starting on page 220. ‘Additional Directors’ report disclosures 228
(a) Group sales exclude VAT and fuel, NFSIS 232
{b) Adjusted operating profit and Adjusted diluted EPS exclude the impact of adjusting items. ‘Additional information for shareholders 233

(c} Net debt and Retail free cash flow exclude the impact of Tesco Bank.

(@) UK market share based on Kantar Grocers Total Till Roll on a 12-week basis ending 18
February 2024.

(e) Basis - Tesco Global Brand tracker on a three-month rolling basis.

Tesco PLC Annual Report and Financial Statements 2024
a

L___jl__|

Governance Financial statements

Additional information

Strategic report

Tesco at a glance

Who
we are.

We are Tesco, a major grocery retailer
operating across multiple markets.

We serve millions of customers every week,
in stores and online and provide additional

services across the Tesco family.

@©OO 02.

We are Tesco.

The Bank helps

Tesco Mobile has
grown Into an
award-winning

network

more than dunnhumby is
iron C3) Our customers 4 scnaicader
customers Incustomer
manage their are always at the core data science
money every day

One Stop isa
retail convenience
business with more
than 1,000 shops.

Our

businesses

Tesco's a leading
multinational
grocery retailer,
available in five

markets

Booker Is the UK's
leading food and
drink wholesaler,
serving thousands of
retail and catering
‘customers

Serving our customers, communities and planet a little better every day.

Tesco PLC Annual Report and Financial Statements 2024

Governance Financial statements

Strategic report

Ls} |____.jl___|

‘Additional information

©©OO

The value our businesses bring to customers and the Group

Tesco is a leading multinational grocery retailer, which aims to serve customers affordable,
healthy and sustainable food. This year, we have again focused on delivering great value
and quality for our customers across large stores, convenience and online.
www.tesco.com

Booker is the UK's leading food and drink wholesaler, serving caterers, independent retailers
and other businesses. Booker also owns symbol brands including Budgens, Londis and
Premier. This year, Booker has ensured it once again delivered the best choice. price and
service to all customers.

www.booker.co.uk

dunnhumby is global leader in customer data science. It works with brands, grocery retail,
retail pharmacy and retail financial services to provide technology, software and consultancy
services. Its insights help retailers and brands to truly put the customer first, through
engaging experiences which enhance loyalty and growth

www.dunnhumby.com

One Stop isa retail convenience business with more than 1,000 shops across the country,
including more than 300 franchise stores. Our focus this year has been to continue to
provide customers in local communities with quality products and services at great prices.

www.onestop.co.uk

Tesco Bank offers a range of personal banking and insurance products with the aim of
making financial products easier and better value for its customers. It helps more than five
million customers manage their money every day. We have been better connected to our
customers than ever before by listening to their needs, combined with using data and
technology to drive better insight. This year, that helped us to keep delivering what our
customers tell us matters most, with Clubcard Prices on everyday banking products and
differentiated motor insurance.

www.tescobank.com

Tesco Mobile is a mobile operator serving more than five million UK customers. Established
in 2003 as a joint venture between Tesco and 02, Tesco Mobile has grown into an award-
winning network with more than 500 phone shops. This year, as the helpful network,

‘our focus has been on unlocking the power of Clubcard to deliver unique value and service
for our customers.

www.tescomobile.com

Tesco PLC Annual Report and Financial Statements 2024

Where we operate

4,506

Stores globally

3,786

Stores in the United Kingdom

170

Stores in the Republic of
Ireland

184

Stores in the Czech Republic

169

Stores in Slovakia

197

Stores in Hungary

03.

[| __Jt___|

Strategic report Governance Financial statements ‘Additional information © © © (©) 04.

Supporting our customers with value they can rely on

Value our customers
can rely on.

We know things have been tough for many
over the past year and we have worked
tirelessly to make sure the weekly shop

is one less thing to worry about.

Using the powerful combination of Aldi Price Match, Clubcard Prices
and Low Everyday Prices, we have given our customers the power to
bring down the cost of their weekly shop - and we are proud to have
cemented our place as the UK’s cheapest full-line grocer.

Across our Group - from banking and mobile to groceries and
wholesale - we have been working around the clock to give our
customers the best possible value.

‘And we have done that iwhile continuing to support our colleagues.
suppliers and shareholders - as well as our communities and planet.

Our value proposition
UK & ROI:

* Logo used in UK only from May 2024

Central Europe:

And customers are really responding to our Value offer...

Clubcard Prices saves Tesco app users CE Clubcard sales
customers up to across the Group penetration

£360 (16.2m 87%

off the annual cost

of their groceries
ROI Clubcard sales UK Clubcard sales
penetration penetration

85% 82%

Tesco PLC Annual Report and Financial Statements 2024

LJ} tL__}jlL__|

Strategic report Governance Financial statements Additional information © © © (©)

Supporting customers right across the Group

However customers choose to shop with Tesco, we are giving them great value - from thousands of price cuts across our stores to free
roaming with Tesco Mobile.

More than 4,000 Low Price Guarantee More than 800
prices cut 500 Own more than prices cut

across the year by an on essential products.

average of 12% Brand lines by an average of 12%
Largest ever Booker catering price lock over
Christmas, with a second price lock through to Clubcard Prices
May 2024. Together, prices have been locked on expanded to personal loans
more than 1,500 products
Free roaming in EU Price Drop campaign
and other popular holiday destinations 5
* of every ial
eutended unt 2025 cut the price of everyday essentials
Relentless focus on value throughout the year
April 2023, June 2023 July 2023 August 2023 | August 2023 | September 2023 | October 2023 | January 2024 | February 2024
Price lock on VAT covered Kids Eat Free Reduced in ‘Swapped>S0 | Half price Kids dental Double Kids Eat Free
1,000 everyday |on our in our cafés Price areas | Express pre-Christmas care prices Clubcard February half
products suncarerange |duringsummer |nowin 300 | products with toy sale cutby20% — |pointsoffer | term
holiday: stores cheaper
alternative
Apriiz023. | June 2023 June 2023 | August 2023 | August 2023 | september 2023 | October 2023 | January 2024
Price cuts Pricecutson | 500pricecuts | Covered Pricescuton | Another price | Kids Eat Free | Pricecuts for
‘on milk pasta, oil, bread | onkey products | 20% VAT on baby lock on 1,000 in October 180 popular
and butter Periodpants | products | products half term products
This is an illustrative list and does not reflect all activity on value in the year.
Months of consecutive Communities -

switching gains in UK more than

12 450,000

free children’s meals
through Kids Eat Free

Value perception up

88bps

Tesco PLC Annual Report and Financial Statements 2024

05.

Governance

Strategic report

Chair's statement

Working hard
for customers.

1am delighted to be making my first annual
statement to you following my appointment
as Chair of Tesco in September 2023.

1am excited to join a company that | have long
admired for its leadership in the grocery sector
and its commitment to serving its customers and
communities. Having been closely involved in the
food sector throughout my career, it's a privilege
to be able to contribute to the next phase of
development of the leading grocer in the UK.

contribution he made to the business during his
eight-year tenure as Chair. As | said when | was
appointed, John has left Tesco with its business,
management and Board in great shape and fit for
the future.

lam already enjoying working with the Board
and our exceptional executive team to deliver
on Tesco's purpose and am very excited about
the strategic opportunities for growth across.

the Group.

Doing the right thing by our
stakeholders

\joined Tesco in a year that has again been
shaped by cost-of-living pressures, when
supporting our customers, colleagues,
communities and suppliers has never been
more important. You will see on pages 4 and 5
a snapshot of the steps we have taken to look
after our customers this year and support them
through these challenges.

As the external environment has continued to
evolve, we've been committed to doing the right
thing by our stakeholders. Our customers are at
the heart of what we do, and we've continued to
invest in delivering great value. This relentless
commitment to value has helped to make Tesco

Tesco PLC Annual Report and Financial Statements 2024

Financial statements

Gerry Murphy,
Chair

consistently the cheapest full-line grocer for well
over a year in the UK. And | am pleased that
customers are recognising this, with our
customer recommend scores gaining in all
markets and market share growth ona volume
and value basis in both the UK and ROI.

We have continued to invest in our colleagues,
building on the largest single investment made by
Tesco in hourly pay in 2023, with a new UK hourly
pay deal of £12.02, a 9.1% increase in base pay.
This recognises the essential role that our
colleagues play in supporting our customers and
communities, and helping the business succeed.

Supporting our communities remains central to
our business, and to our purpose. This year we
faunched Stronger Starts in the UK and ROI - a
new grant programme to support young people
to access healthy food and exercise.

Since joining Tesco, the dedication and hard work
of our colleagues in supporting customers and
their local communities has really stood out to
me and I'd like to thank the whole Tesco team for
their commitment in this regard.

Strong financial performance

Our focus on doing the right thing by our
customers has delivered a strong financial
performance for us across the year.

Group adjusted operating profit rose 12.8% on
a continuing operations basis, which reflects
strong trading across the Group combined with
continued cost savings.

Tesco Bank update

We took the decision this year to review our
banking services and announced a long-term
strategic partnership with Barclays under which
our existing banking operations in credit cards,

LJ} {____j}l__|

Additional information

©OOO 06.

Did you know:

We are growing
market share,
winning customers
and our customer
recommend score
has increased to 19
points for the Group.

Governance

Strategic report

LJ L___]

Financial statements ‘Additional information

Since joining Tesco, the dedication and hard work of
our colleagues in supporting customers and their local
communities has really stood out to me and I'd like

to thank the whole Tesco team for their commitment.

loans and savings will be sold. Tesco will keep all
the other existing activities of Tesco Bank,
including insurance, ATMs, travel money and gift
cards. These are capital-light businesses, with a
strong connection to our core retail offer.

As well as removing significant capital from the
Tesco balance sheet, this will reduce our
exposure to the regulatory complexity and capital
requirements associated with offering credit
cards and loans. It will help us to unlock more
cash, which we can use to keep investing in our
business and our customers and colleagues

Taking into account the £250m special dividend
paid by Tesco Bank in August 2023, in total we
expect to receive around £1bn, in addition to
regular payments for our ongoing strategic
partnership. The majority of this cash will be
returned to shareholders in the form of an
incremental share buyback.

| would like to thank our Tesco Bank colleagues for
their hard work over the years and I look forward
to the next chapter for Tesco Bank and our
financial services offering in partnership with
Barclays.

Board changes

In June, we said goodbye to Lindsey Pownall who
stepped down from the Board after seven years.
Lindsey made extremely valuable and insightful
contributions to the Board and, in particular,

| would like to thank her for her careful
stewardship of the Sustainability Committee. She
has been succeeded by Stewart Gilliland as Chair
of that committee.

In September, we welcomed Carolyn Fairbairn
to the Board as an independent Non-executive
Director. Carolyn brings a wealth of experience
to the Board with her deep understanding of the
macroeconomic. regulatory and political
environment and significant experience across
the media, government and finance sectors. She
has also taken up positions on the Remuneration
Committee and Sustainability Committee.

| would like to thank Byron Grote for his careful
stewardship of the Board earlier this year as
interim Chair. Byron will retire from the Board at
the forthcoming Annual General Meeting (AGM).
Carolyn Fairbairn will succeed Byron as Senior
Independent Director and Karen Whitworth will
take on the role of Audit Committee Chair. | would
like to thank Byron for his hard work and
dedication to the Board.

Looking ahead

Tesco is well positioned to continue building on
the successes of the past year as we head into
2024/25. While we expect cost-of-living pressures
to remain a significant factor throughout the year,

Tesco PLC Annual Report and Financial Statements 2024

we will continue to focus our efforts on how we
can best support all our stakeholders. Even as a
relative newcomer to Tesco. | know that | have
joined a business that has the agliity and flexibility
to respond to any potential challenges, while
continuing to listen to our customers and support
‘our colleagues. Tesco is fortunate to have
‘outstanding colleagues helping it deliver and |
know that our teams everywhere will continue to
go above and beyond to support our customers
and deliver on our strategy.

spesy

Gerry Murphy
Chair
9 April 2024

©©OO

07.

Ls} L_§_}lL___|]

Governance Financial statements Additional information ©

08.

Strategic report

Our purpose framework

What we
stand for.

Our core Serving our customers, communities and planet alittle better every day.
purpose is: This means we always keep customers at the heart of what we do. while also reflecting
our responsibilities to the communities we serve and to society more broadly.
Customers Everything we do begins and ends with our customers. By understanding our customers, we can

anticipate and respond to their needs and expectations. As a Group we serve a wide range of different
customers. in different settings, from retail customers through to banking, mobile, Booker's wholesale
customers, and dunnhumby’s retail and supplier customers

Communities The role we play in the thousands of communities we serve is vital - whether it’s creating good jobs.

supporting local suppliers and producers, or helping local causes through our community programmes.

Planet Our commitment to sustainability is core to our business. It drives our work across our own operations

and our supply chain to reduce our environmental impact and support a healthier way of living.

Our values put our
purpose into practice:

Our three values underpin our purpose, setting out how we work together as a team and guiding
the decisions and choices we make across the Group.

Oo)

1.

No one tries
harder for
customers

2.

We treat people
how they want
to be treated

3.

Every little
help makes a
big difference

Understanding people - customers,
colleagues, communities - and what
matters to them, and then trying to
make those things better, is at the
heart of Tesco. It's about listening to
people and talking to them and then
acting using all the tools at our disposal
by changing and innovating to meet their
needs.

We know that looking after our
colleagues in a culture of trust and
respect is essential to the success of
Tesco. Where colleagues feel recognised
and rewarded for the work they do
together, where they have the
opportunity to get on and where they are
supported in their development as they
move through their careers in the
business - they in turn try their hardest
for customers.

Every little help makes a big difference
~ it is the value we live by to ensure we
serve our customers, colleagues and
their communities alittle better every
day. It really captures how. when we add
up all the small things we do, Tesco can
make a big difference to the issues
customers, colleagues, communities
and wider society care about.

Since we first introduced our Tesco Values more than a decade
ago. they have become a vital part of our culture - and an essential
underpinning of our growth and success. They ensure that every
person at Tesco understands what is important - about how we
work together as a team and how customers are at the centre of
what we do. They are universal values, which have helped guide our
people as Tesco has grown

It covers the little things we do every day as well as linking these
things together to contribute to the bigger global initiatives in which
we are involved. It helps us take the right actions to restore trust
and transparency in our business

Tesco PLC Annual Report and Financial Statements 2024

Strategic report

Governance Financial statements

Group Chief Executive's review

For more information
about our results use the
QR code above

By investing
where it matters
most, we are
winning with
customers.

Ken Murphy,
Group Chief
Executive

This year, Tesco has invested in keeping prices low,
improving the quality of our products and
delivering market-leading availability. Our relentless
focus on customers means that we are winning.
market share and building a stronger business.

| would like to thank every Tesco colleague for
helping to deliver another strong performance.
Asa team. we are guided by our purpose to serve
‘our customers, communities and planet a little
better every day and as we review the year just
gone, lam proud of both what we have achieved
and how we have achieved it together.

Supporting our customers with a
relentless focus on value

The financial pressure on households across the
UK, ROI and Central Europe has been at the
forefront of our minds this year. The work we have
done this year on value can be seen on pages 4
and 8, We continue to build on the strength of
Aldi Price Match, Clubcard Prices and Low
Everyday Prices to provide real savings on
thousands of products in stores and online.
Across Central Europe we have also invested
further in our Low Price Guarantee, now on over
500 Own Brand lines.

This relentless focus on value extends right across
the Group, with Booker's largest-ever price lock
over Christmas, and Clubcard Prices at Tesco
Bank and Tesco Mobile. We also brought back our
popular Kids Eat Free initiative at Tesco Cafés at
key moments throughout the year.

Investing in colleagues

The strength of our performance would not be
possible without our brilliant colleagues and the
work they do day-in and day-out for customers.
We've made some significant improvements to our
colleague benefits this year, offering enhanced
parental leave, giving UK colleagues access to
virtual GP appointments seven days a week, and
access to flexible working from day one at Tesco.

Tesco PLC Annual Report and Financial Statements 2024

L__}| L___} L___]

‘Additional information ©

‘As the Chair said, our new pay deal offering Tesco
store colleagues £12.02 per hour makes Tesco one
of the top UK retailers for base pay, in addition to
the breadth of our colleague benefits, and reflects
the vital contribution our colleagues make.

Supporting our local communities

Our scale also gives us a fantastic opportunity to
make a difference to the communities we serve.
This year, we launched a £5.3m Stronger Starts
grant scheme, supporting around 4,000 projects
across the UK to boost funds for extra food and
new sports and play equipment to keep children
active. We have given away more than 450.000
free meals to children during holidays as part of
our Kids Eat Free at Cafés initiative. In May 2023,
Tesco Ireland marked the moment that our
Stronger Starts programme provided the
equivalent of its one millionth free, healthier
and nutritious meal, with plans to double our
reach by the end of 2024.

Looking after the planet

We've taken extra steps to support British
agriculture this year, with further investment in
developing our Future Farmers programme.
Overall, we've put an extra £75m into key
agricultural suppliers this year, including £39m for
British beef and lamb farmers. Supporting British
farmers, growers and suppliers is absolutely vitat
in safeguarding the future of the food industry in
the UK. Tesco has been recognised as the leading
retailer in the Advantage supplier survey for the
eighth consecutive year, which is a testament to
the strength of relationships we have built.

This year, we launched our 57Ist electric detivery
van, announced the expansion of our low-carbon
fertiliser trials and announced our plans to move
to biofuel transport in Ireland from next year. All
of these projects are helping us to make progress
towards our commitment to be carbon-neutral in
our own operations by 2035, and our ambitious

og.

Strategic report

Governance Financial statements

Group Chief Executive's review continued

Customer:

>4,000

price cuts in the UK

Community:

>200m

total number of meals
donated to charities and
local communities in the
UK since 2016/17.

Planet:

Our net zero commitment
has helped us achieve a

61%

emissions reduction in Scope
1and 2 versus 2015 baseline.

We have removed

>2.3bn

pieces of plastic from the
UK business to date.

target of net-zero emissions across our entire
value chain by 2050. We have become one of the
first companies globally to have validated
science-based targets on all greenhouse gas
emissions. including those originating from
forests, land and agriculture (FLAG) emissions.

Tesco Bank

As the Chair has outlined, we have announced a
long-term strategic partnership with Barclays,
which includes the sale of our banking operations
in credit cards, loans and savings. Tesco Bank is a
brilliant business and for the last 25 years has
served Tesco customers with market-leading
customer service. As we look to the future, our:
aim is to be the best provider of financial services
in the UK. with this strategic transaction and
partnership with Barclays unlocking greater value
for customers and for our business. By working
with one of the UK’s leading banks. we can bring
customers new and innovative propositions, which
will continue to benefit from Tesco Clubcard’s
unique insight and digital capabilities.

‘Around 2,800 Tesco Bank colleagues working

on banking products. including the senior
management team, will transfer to Barclays and will
continue to offer customers the same outstanding
service. We are working very closely with Barclays
to support the team through this transition.

Tesco will retain all other existing activities
including insurance, ATMs, travel money and gift
cards, The partnership and sale remain conditional
on regulatory approval, and we expect completion
to take place in the second half of 2024

Progress on our strategic priorities

Customer satisfaction is critical. It allows us to
see how well customers are responding to our
proposition and how they perceive us relative to
‘our peers. Our Brand net promoter score has
increased once again. driven by improvements in
‘our range and overall shopping experience. Tesco
Mobile is the highest-ranking mobile brand in the
UK Customer Satisfaction Index. Alongside
customer satisfaction, o