TESCO

4D AD AD AD AD

TESCO PLC
Company number: 00445790

Serving our customers,
communities and planet
a little better every day.

Annual Report and
Financial Statements
2023.

AMY

RC6ICAGI*

TUESDAY

5
|

RM 27/06/2023 #47
COMPANIES HOUSE \
/

* Board of Directors ...

Contents

Strategic report
2023 highlights........
Introduction ..
Tesco at a glance.
Supporting stakeholders through the cost-of
PUPPOSE ANC VAIUES .......ccesseeecsssneresnnncessnnesssnneesse
Chairman's statement ....
Group Chief Executive's review
Our market contett.......

Our strategic priorities

Key performance indicators ....
Our business model ..

Our colleagues...
Climate...
Task Force on Climate-related F Financial Disclosures.
Section 172 statement...
Stakeholder engagement
Non-financial information statement .
Financial review...
Principal risks and uncertainties...
Longer term viability statement ............s.ccssse00
Corporate governance
Governance introduction..........
Governance at a glance.

Executive Committee.
Corporate governance. purpose and culture...
Board effectiveness........
Board leadership in action .
Board activity «0...
Nominations and Governance Committee
Corporate Responsibility Committee ...
Audit Committee......
Directors’ remuneration report.
Directors’ report...

Financial statements

Independent auditor's report ....nuisssesisnennnensnnneneelOT
Group income statement. sess

Group statement of comprehensive income/loss) sould
Group balance sheet.

Group statement of changes in equity
Group cash flow statement
Notes to the Group financial statements ...
Tesco PLC - Parent Company balance sheet
Tesco PLC - Parent Company statement
‘of changes in equity oe
Notes to the Parent Company financial statements...

Related undertakings of the Tesco GrOUP ......o:on

Other information
Supplementary information (unaudited) ..
Glossary - Alternative performance measures .
Five-year record ..........
Shareholder information.........

2023 highlights

Performance highlights

Group sales*”

£57.7bn
5.3%
(2022: £54.8bn)

Adjusted operating
profit’

£2,630m
(6.9)%
(2022: £2,825m)

Dividend per share

10.90p
Unchanged
(2022: 10.90p)

UK market share
(sales value)

27.3%
(39)bps
(2022: 27.7%)

Statutory measures
Statutory revenue

£65.8bn
7.2%
(2022: £61.3bn)

Statutory profit
before tax

£1,000m
(50.8)%
(2022: £2,033m)

Adjusted
diluted EPS*”)

21.85p
(0.0)%
(2022: 21.86p)

Retail free cash flow’

£2,133m
{6.3)%
(2022: £2,277m)

Net debt*
£(10,493)m

{0.2)%
(2022: £(10,516)m)

Group net
promoter score”

15pts
{5)pts
(2022: 20pts)

Operating profit

£1,525m
(40.4)%
(2022: £2,560m)

Statutory diluted EPS

10.08p
(48.7)
(2022: 19.64p)

A Alternative performance measures (APMs)

‘Al measures apart from Net debt are shown on a continuing operations basis unless
otherwise stated, with growth stated at actual exchange rates. The Group has defined
{and outlined the purpose ofits APMs in the Glossary starting on page 207

(a) Group sales exclude VAT and fuel.

{(b) Adjusted operating profit and Adjusted diluted EPS exclude the impact of adjusting items.
{c) Net debt and Retail free cash flow exclude the impact of Tesco Bank.
(a) UK market share based on Kantar Grocers Total Till Rll on a 12-week basis ending

19 February 2023,

(0) Basis ~ Tesco Global Brand tracker on a three-month rolling basis. 2022 NPS was
reported on a 12-month rolling basis at 18pts.

Hello.

Tesco was built to be a champion for customers, serving them
every day with affordable, healthy and sustainable food.

Our commitment to our customers extends beyond our
stores, and into every local community we serve - in the UK,
Republic of Ireland (ROI), Slovakia, the Czech Republic and
Hungary. We provide extra support to those that need it,
through food banks, donation schemes and community grants.

This year, we have been laser-focused on keeping the cost of
the weekly shop affordable for our customers. At the same time,
we have invested in our colleagues and worked in partnership
with our suppliers, providing additional support where needed.

At the heart of Tesco is our fantastic team of more than 330,000
colleagues, who go above and beyond to make a difference.

We work hard to be an inclusive workplace, where all colleagues
can be at their best and build the skills to grow their careers.

In challenging times, our purpose has guided every part of the
Group, from Booker and One Stop to Tesco Bank, Tesco Mobile
and dunnhumby. Serving our customers, communities and
planet a little better every day is what we do.

Tesco PLC Annual Report and Financial Statements 2023

Tesco at a glance

The Tesco Group.

Tesco is a British grocery retailer, with its headquarters in the
United Kingdom.

We serve millions of customers every week, in stores and online
and provide additional services across the Tesco family.

Founded in 1919, Tesco began as a market stall in the East End of
London. Today we operate 4,859" stores in five markets: the UK,
the ROI, the Czech Republic, Slovakia and Hungary.

Our businesses

3,712

stores in the
United Kingdom

The Tesco Group also

includes: Tesco Bank; 166
Tesco Mobile; a network
of One Stop convenience
stores; Booker, the UK’s 187
leading wholesale business;
and our data-science
business, dunnhumby.

stores in the
Republic of Ireland

stores in the
Czech Republic

157

stores in Slovakia

197

, | stores in Hungary

Key facts

£57.Jbn £2,630m £2,133m
Group sales Adjusted operating profit Retail free cash flow

2022: £54.8bn 2022: £2,825m 2022: £2.277m

To read more about our financial
performance go to page 30

* including franchises

2 Tesco PLC Annual Report and Financial Statements 2023

Strategic report

Our businesses

Tesco is a leading multinational grocery retailer,
which aims to serve customers affordable, healthy
and sustainable food.

www.tesco.com

Booker is the UK’s leading food and drink wholesaler,
serving caterers, independent retailers and other
businesses. Booker also owns symbol brands
including Budgens, Londis and Premier.

www.booker.co.uk

dunnhumby is a global leader in customer data
science. It works with brands, grocery retail, retail
pharmacy and retail financial services to provide
technology, software and consultancy services.

www.dunnhumby.com

One Stop is a retail convenience business with more
than 1,000 shops and a focus on being the best
store for customers in every neighbourhood.

www.onestop.co.uk

Tesco Bank offers a range of personal banking and
insurance products with the aim of making financial
products easier and better value for its customers.
The Bank helps more than five million customers
manage their money every day.

www.tescobank.com

Tesco Mobile is a mobile operator serving more than
five million UK customers. Established in 2003 as a
joint venture between Tesco and O2, Tesco Mobile
has grown into an award-winning network with
more than 500 phone shops.

www.tescomobile.com

Tesco PLC Annual Report and Financial Statements 2023 3

Supporting stakeholders through the cost-of-living crisis

Heiping customers

spend less.

We understand the pressures that our
customers have faced this year, and
have been doing everything we can to
support them. We work relentlessly to
keep the weekly shop as affordable as
possible, offering great value in more
places than anyone else - from grocery
to mobile to banking.

Our priorities throughout this period have been clear: to help our
customers spend less: to continue investing in our colleagues:
and to deliver a positive difference in the communities we serve.
We have worked closely with our supplier partners to support
them through these challenging market conditions.

>8,000

value lines in the UK

Customers | Lowering the
price of the weekly shop
through our powerful
combination of Aldi Price
Match, Low Everyday Prices
and Clubcard Prices.

Tesco PLC Annual Report and Financial Statements 2023

Our value proposition

UK & ROI

Central Europe

Aldi Price Match and Price Guarantee: price
matching on the most important products
means customers can be confident they don’t
need to shop elsewhere for great value.

Low Everyday Prices: consistent low prices on
products customers buy regularly, so they can
confidently plan and manage their spend

Clubcard Prices: rewarding customers for
their loyalty with exclusive deals/discounts.

~8%

increase in UK hourly
colleague pay in 2022

Colleagues | Substantial
investment in colleague
base pay, on top of
other benefits.

Strategic report

Unwavering support for customers.

Our research with customers told us they wanted help with four key things:

7 | Affordable foo
and clothing

Healthy, affordable
choices

3 Fuel and 4 Occasional
travel costs treats

We leveraged our scale
and capabilities across the
Group to help customers
spend less during the year
and provide help where
they wanted it most.

©

£27.5m

support package

‘Suppliers | We have invested
£27.5m in the UK egg sector
in the past year.

More than
52 million

meals donated this year

Communities | We have given more than
52 million meals to food banks and charity
partners across the Group during

the past year.

Tesco PLC Annual Report and Financial Statements 2023 5

Purpose and values

Purpose and values.

Aclear purpose unites the Tesco Group and supports the
ambitions and commitments of our business strategy. This
year. we lived our purpose through the many different ways *
we served customers. stepped up for local communities and

Serving our customers,

progressed against our environmental commitments.

Our values.

Our three values underpin our purpose. setting out how we work together as a team
and guiding the decisions and choices we make across the Group.

No one tries
harder for
customers.

We listen to our customers, our
communities and each other, and use the
feedback provided to make better
decisions as a business. With the
expertise and knowledge of our
colleagues, we change, innovate and
adapt to meet customer needs.

We treat people
how they want
to be treated.

People will always be at the heart of Tesco
~ a place where everyone is welcome. An
inclusive, supportive workplace for our
colleagues, where they feel recognised
and rewarded for the work they do and
have opportunities to get on. A business
where we build strong, long-term
relationships with our suppliers and other
external partners. Respect, trust and
understanding is in our culture.

Tesco PLC Annual! Report and Financial Statements 2023

communities and planet
a little better every day.

Every little help
makes a big
difference.

Help comes in all shapes and sizes. From
supporting local food banks and
community projects via our Community
Grants programme, to delivering great
service, our colleagues continue to
change things for the better. When we
add up the many things we do at a local
level, together we make a big difference.

Chairman's statement

This has been another significant year for Tesco, once again
shaped by circumstances outside our control. The business has
demonstrated incredible resilience, as we stepped up to support
customers, colleagues, suppliers and communities through the
impact of rising cost pressures. At the same time, we have made
further progress towards achieving our strategic priorities and,
in turn, we have seen strong sales growth across the Group.

| want to say a big thank you to our colleagues for their hard work
and dedication throughout the year. Every team and colleague had
their own challenges to face, and have risen collectively to meet
those challenges incredibly well

Balancing the needs of all our stakeholders
You will see throughout this report what we have done during
the year to support our customers, colleagues, suppliers

and communities.

Ithas been a year when the Board and the executive team have
taken great care to ensure we strike the right balance in everything
we do. In short, that we do the right thing by all our stakeholders.

We have invested in our value offer so we can help our customers
save money whether they are buying groceries or banking with us
Our strong customer focus has meant we are the only full-line
grocer to grow UK market share in the past three years and our
brand NPS score is the highest of the full-line grocers.

It has also been important to invest in our colleagues throughout
these challenging times, improving reward packages delivered
across the Group. This recognises that our colleagues are at the
heart of Tesco, playing a vital role in ensuring we remain a strong
business and continue to deliver for customers.

It was also important to continue recognising the essential role
we play in the communities we serve. in particular how we stepped
up for them when they needed it most.

By getting this balance right, we have been able to deliver
top-line growth, profit and cash ang this approach is delivering
for all our stakeholders

Continued growth

This year, we have delivered strong sales performance in all
segments, with Group sales increasing 5.3% at constant rates
and Retail like-for-like sales up 5.1%. Retail adjusted operating
profit decreased by (6.3)% to £2.5 billion. This reflects our
continued investment in great value and great quality for our
customers, at the same time as looking after our colleagues.

Strategic report

By delivering value
for customers,

we create
sustainable

value for
shareholders too.

Board changes

In June 2022, we said goodbye to Steve Golsby and Simon
Patterson who retired from the Board. We thank them for their
valuable contribution to Tesco over several years. Alison Platt
succeeded Steve Golsby as Chair of the Remuneration Committee.

Last October, we welcomed Caroline Silver to the Board as an
independent Non-executive Director and member of the Audit
Committee. Caroline has a wealth of experience across a number
of commercial. financial and governance roles and has brought
valuable knowledge and perspective to the Board

In September 2023, Dame Carolyn Fairbairn will be joining the
Board as an independent Non-executive Director. Dame Carolyn
will also be appointed as a member of the Remuneration
Committee and Corporate Responsibility Committee.

Lindsey Pownall will be retiring from the Board at the conclusion
of the 2023 AGM. Lindsey's retirement from the Board will mean
that she also steps down from her role as Chair of the Corporate
Responsibility Committee. where she will be succeeded by
‘Stewart Gilliland.

| am pleased that we continue to make progress on gender
equality on the Board, reaching 42% female representation in line
with our target. We remain committed to equality across our
business and continue to work towards that goal.

Looking ahead

In the coming months, we will continue to manage the impact
of cost-of-living pressures and focus relentlessly on delivering
value for our customers. Significant uncertainty in the economic
environment remains, but Tesco is a strong business, with

more than 330,000 exceptiona! colleagues guided by the one
purpose of serving our customers. communities and planet a
little better every day.

Whatever the circumstances. | am confident our colleagues will go
above and beyond to support our customers and that by working
together we can continue to deliver against our strategy and
create sustainable long-term value.

Ve nn. we

John Allan CBE
Non-executive Chair
12 April 2023
For more information about how we have helped our
stakeholders see pages 4 to 5, 8 to 13 and 16.

Tesco PLC Annual Report and Financial Statements 2023

Group Chief Executive’s review

Guided by our
purpose, we are
building a
stronger
business.

Last year we set out our new strategic priorities, and | am pleased
to say that we have made strong progress against them this year
as set out on pages 12 and 13.

We have continued to support our customers and delivered a
strong performance, responding with speed and agility to the new
and ongoing challenges we faced during the year. It is testament
to our resilience as a business, our careful planning, and our
flexibility that we have been able to do so with such success.

It is also testament to the brilliant work of the Tesco team.
and | want to thank each and every colleague for all they have
done. Individually and collectively, we have been guided by
our purpose to serve our customers. communities and planet
alittle better every day. This united effort. as well as our
collaborative and supportive culture. is one of our biggest
advantages in tough times

Supporting our customers with a relentless

focus on value

Inflation is a pressing reality for everyone - customers,
colleagues, suppliers, and every member of our communities.
At Tesco. we know it is our job to listen, to understand and then
to act to help customers through these challenges. We also know
customers are looking for value but do not want to compromise
‘on the other aspects of their shop that are important to them.
This is why we are focused on keeping the weekly shop not just
reliably affordable, but also healthy and sustainable, while
delivering great quality and convenience.

When it comes to value, we know that customers are looking for
it wherever, whenever and however they choose to shop with us.
This is why we have doubled down on value across the whole
Group. see page 4.

We have price-matched more than 600 every day items to Aldi in
the UK, and locked our Low Everyday Prices on hundreds of
everyday staples until! Easter in the UK and ROI. We've also fully
rolled out Clubcard Prices to every market, and launched

new initiatives via Tesco Bank and Tesco Mobile. And, following the
launch of our cost-of-living hub through Tesco Bank, we can offer

Tesco PLC Annual Report and Financial Statements 2023

guidance and advice to help people manage their finances. Booker
has also been a champion of value, supporting customers with a
price freeze on 450 key catering lines. For further details on all
these initiatives and more, see pages 4-5.

Recognising our colleagues

Our colleagues are at the heart of everything we do. We recognised
that with household costs rising in the UK, the ROI and Central
Europe, we needed to reflect their value in our reward package.
Colleagues in every market have therefore received substantial
investments in their base pay. In the UK. this included a nearly 8%
increase for hourly-paid colleagues in 2022.

Working in partnership with suppliers

Our partnerships with suppliers have been essential this year

as we all worked hard to keep the weekly shop as affordable as
possible for customers. We recognise the inflationary pressures
that suppliers are facing and have therefore been committed to
working collaboratively to manage all associated impacts.

We've always been clear that where there are pressures, we will
play our part in providing support. For example, we've announced
additional support for a number of agricultural sectors including a
£27.5m investment in the British egg industry and a 10% increase
in contract pricing for the 2022 potato harvest.

Asa result, suppliers have voted us the number 1 retailer in
the independently run Advantage survey for seven years
running, reflecting our commitment to strong partnerships
and collaboration.

Supporting our local communities

Having a positive impact on the communities we serve is central
to our purpose, and it was essential that we stepped up for them
when they most needed our support. We did this through our £1m
Golden Grant programme, offering a £10,000 grant to 100 local
charities chosen by customers. We also introduced Kids Eat Free
at Tesco Cafés during school holidays, giving away nearly 440,000
meals to children.

But it’s the meals we provide to food charities and food banks
that deliver the greatest positive impact. Tesco is the biggest
supplier of food distributed by FareShare, and alongside our
customers we are also the largest single source of food donations
for food banks for The Trussell Trust. | have been bowled over
this year by the continued generosity of Tesco colleagues and
customers in all our markets.

Looking after the planet

While we focused on the rising cost of living during the year, we
were acutely aware that we could not put the environment on
hold. We needed to press ahead with urgency on reducing our
impact on the planet and we did just that. The relentless efforts
of our teams towards our net zero commitment have helped us
achieve a 55% reduction in emissions in our own operations
since our 2015 baseline.

We also became the first UK retailer to ban plastic wet wipes
and. in addition, we have removed two billion pieces of plastic
from the UK business to date. In the UK, by summer 2023, all
Tesco tea bags will be compostable - that amounts to more
than one billion bags a year.

We are working closely with our farmers and suppliers to promote
biodiversity in farming practices. We were particularly pleased this
year to launch a large-scale commercial field trial with five major
fresh produce suppliers to identify the most planet-friendly and
cost-effective alternatives to conventional fertilisers. This trial will
help reduce reliance on chemical fertilisers as well as reducing
greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions in the supply chain.

We continue to roll out electric vans for customer deliveries, and
our fleet has now grown to include nearly 300 vans. We also now
provide 2,500 customer electric vehicle (EV) charging points
across 600 stores, as we seek to minimise our own emissions
while working towards our overarching goal of net zero by 2050.
This remains an ongoing journey. and one where we need to work
closely with our suppliers and the industry.

Progress on our strategic priorities

lam delighted with the progress we have made since launching
our strategic priorities and performance framework last year.
‘As we have responded to the various challenges involved, our
priorities have only become more relevant as we build on our
unique strengths and focus on doing the basics brilliantly.

We dig into the details of our strategic priorities on pages 12 and
13, but | do want to say a few words on Clubcard. Since launching
Clubcard Prices in all our markets, we have had a great response
from customers. The number of active Clubcard holders we have
in Central Europe has trebied this year. with sales penetration
reaching 83%. Penetration in the ROI has risen to nearly 77%

this year, while we are at nearly 79% in the UK. We are on a
journey to make Clubcard more personalised, and have rolled
out individualised digital coupons to four million customers in
the UK alone.

Our data science business, dunnhumby. is helping us to access
new revenue streams from Clubcard. Since launching the Tesco
Media and Insight platform with dunnhumby last year. we have
helped 450 leading brands increase the effectiveness of their
campaigns, build more interactive, two-way relationships with
customers, and grow loyalty for Tesco and our suppliers.

Strategic report

Delivering for shareholders

For shareholders, we have delivered another year of strong
growth. Regardless of the external challenges, we have remained
focused on our strategic priorities and have been guided by our
purpose at all times,

While there is significant uncertainty in the year ahead, we have
confidence in our ability to continue to generate cash in the
coming years, and we are committed to a progressive dividend
policy, this year announcing a full-year dividend of 10.90p per share

We are building good momentum and have strong plans in place
that will make the most of our unique strengths. Above all, we have
a fantastic team of colleagues helping to build a stronger business.

Ilo,

Ken Murphy
Group Chief Executive
12 April 2023,

Reduced in price. Just as nice.

To help our customers find bargains more easily and
support our commitment to providing customers with
great value, we launched our ‘Reduced in price. Just as
nice.’ areas in over 100 stores. These reduced-to-clear
sections feature a wide range of products at lower prices.
including fresh produce like salads, meat, bread and sweet
treats that are close to their expiry date. They not only
help customers find something tasty for dinner, or to pop
in the freezer, at a lower price - they also contribute to
our goal of halving food waste by 2025.

Visit www.tescopic.com/news/2022/reduced-to-
clear-signage-revamp

Tesco PLC Annual Report and Financial Statements 2023 9

Group Chief Executive’s review continued

Q&A
with Ken.

What is your highlight from this year?

My highlight is the time I have spent in stores, when I'm able to talk
to colleagues and customers and see some of the team’s great work
come to life. It’s also a chance to get some honest feedback about
what is working and what isn't. Retail is @ fast-moving industry, and
you learn so much from being on the shop floor. There's never a
better time to be in stores than at Christmas. | travelled around
various stores in the Christmas week and the atmosphere was
fantastic - | loved every minute.

How has Tesco responded to the cost-of-living
challenges faced by colleagues this year?

It has been really important to recognise that colleagues have
faced rising household bills just as much as customers. Of course.
we have invested in pay, see page 16 for details. But we've also
made a number of smaller changes that colleagues say have made a
huge difference. These range from doubling our Colleague Clubcard
discount over Christmas, to ensuring colleagues have plenty of
g00d food available for free in colleague rooms - not to mention
introducing a pay advance for any colleague who might be facing

an unexpected bill.

How have you balanced the needs of all
stakeholders?

This has been a year when all our stakeholders have faced their own
challenges and balancing those needs has been a delicate task. We
always strive to make sure we're doing the right thing and that we're
aligned to our purpose of serving our customers, communities and
planet a little better every day. All that work helps give stakeholders
confidence in our business, which in turn can create significant
value for our shareholders.

How has Tesco managed some of the year’s
broader macroeconomic and political instability?

In the same way that we've managed the various challenges over
the last three years. We have focused on what we can control.
Where there was expected disruption. we had excellent plans in
place to mitigate that. Where we needed to respond quickly. we
demonstrated just how flexible we can be. In my view, that mixture
of resilience and flexibility is a great strength of Tesco.

Has Tesco had to press pause on any
sustainability initiatives as it focused on serving
customers through the cost-of-living pressures?

No, and that’s been really important. While the external focus may
have been on value and prices. it was essential that we didn’t drop
the ball on sustainability. in fact, we took our plans even further.
Now is a critical time to take action on climate change, and we're
doing that by driving improvements and innovation at every point
in our value chain. That's first in our own operations, then in our
supply chain and for our customers. Our plan on climate action
focuses on the areas where we can make the biggest difference

~ energy, transport. waste, food production and diets.

Tesco PLC Annual Report and Financial Statements 2023

You have talked previously about food
security, Is this still a concern?

| believe that people haven't talked about food security enough
until now. If you look at the droughts in China, the floods in
Pakistan, the crop failures in Canada and the US last year, you
have to assume that we're going to see an even greater increase
in food insecurity. After energy. the food system has the greatest
impact on the environment. We continue to work closely with our
suppliers to improve food systems around the world and support
them in making more sustainable choices. We have invested
significantly in UK agricu