SD aD a a

Registered number 00445791

a !

*AA7POGV4*

Serving shoppers
a little better every day.

Annual Report and Financial Statements 2021

Contents

Strategic report

3 202thighlights

4 Tesco at a glance

5 Chairman's statement

6 — Group Chief Executive's review

8 Engaging with our stakeholders

10 Our business model

11__ Key performance indicators

12 Little Helps Pian (LHP)

17 Diversity and inclusion

19 Financial review

26 Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures
29 Non-financial reporting statement
30 Section 172 statement

31 Principal risks and uncertainties
38 —_Longer-term viability statement

Corporate governance

40 Chairman's letter

42 Board of Directors

47 Executive Committee

48 Compliance with the UK Corporate Governance Code
51 _ Board leadership and company purpose
58 Division of responsibilities

60 ‘Composition, succession and evaluation
62 Nominations and Governance Committee
64 Corporate Responsibility Committee

66 Audit Committee

72 Directors’ remuneration report

7 Directors’ report

Financial statements
102 Independent auditor's report
112 Group income statement
113 Group statement of comprehensive income/tloss)
114 Group balance sheet
115 Group statement of changes in equity
117 Group cash flow statement
118 —_Notes to the Group financial statements
189 Tesco PLC - Parent Company balance sheet
190 Tesco PLC - Parent Company statement
‘of changes in equity
191 Notes to the Parent Company financial statements
197 _ Related undertakings of the Tesco Group

Other information

202 Supplementary information (unaudited)

205 — Glossary - Alternative performance measures
213 Five-year record

214 Shareholder information

Visit www.tescopic.com/ar2021
for more information.

Serving
shoppers

a little better
every day.

Tesco PLC Annual Report and Financial Statements 2021 1

Tesco was built to be a champion for customers.

As a team of more than 360,000 colleagues, we aim
to serve our customers every day with affordable,
healthy and sustainable food — to help them enjoy
a better quality of life and an easier way of living.

Customers are at the heart of everything we do and
guide every decision we make. We push ourselves to
improve for our customers — and that is embedded
in our core purpose of serving shoppers a little better
every day, doing what is right for our customers,
communities and the planet.

This has been a year unlike any other. The COVID-19
pandemic has impacted every part of our business
and our wider communities. Our strong purpose and
values guided our response, ensuring we could always
support our customers, colleagues and communities
throughout this extremely challenging period.

2 Tesco PLC Annual Report and Financial Statements 2021

2021 highlights.

Headline measures (52-week comparable basis)

Group sales* Retail free cash flow*”

A7T1% ¥ (29.8)%

£53.4bn £1,187m

(2020: £49.9bn) (2020: £1,690m)
Diluted EPS before exceptional Group operating profit before
and other items (adjusted for exceptional items and amortisation
share consolidation)" of acquired intangibles*”

%(35.8)% Y (28.1)%

11.94p £1,815m

(2020: 18.60p) (2020: £2,525m)

Dividend per share Net debt*

Unchanged YY (2.8)%
9.15p £(12.0)bn

(2020: 9.15p) (2020: £(12.3)bn)

Statutory measures (53-week prior year basis)

A Alternative performance Statutory revenue Operating profit

measures (APMs) ° °
Measures with this symbol A are defined in the v v
Glossary section on pages 205 to 212, All measures e °o e (o)

repondon aconsrungopurdsons ond S2-neck
<Conpurasn bose Coane crow seu
onchange rete £57.9b £1.736
ta Exes amortisation of acu intongies and 7.9bn 1,736m
Sociales exepina toms: oy ueef ther
tre ond natere,mordortorelect wanagerments (2020: £58.1bn) (2020: £2,206m)
Siowol underyingGrovp performance
wo bistea Peelers exceptonlandover items
Lagat forshre const proto

serena alia sedate shore consaloetion Statutory profit before tax __ Statutory diluted EPS

dred pect derd wich folowed stort our
taal ean nts yar doco iene Vv °

prevented on o basis ther than n accorcence o Unchanged
With IAS 33 and captures the fullimpact of the e

‘hore consalontion ait hod atan place the

arofne 2019/20 finncialyear Pave See

Note 9 on pages 199 and 10 for a reconciliation £825m 7. 54p

to uted sdstea EPs

(c) Net debt and Retail free cash flow exclude the (2020: £1,028m) (2020: 7.54p)

impact of Tesco Bank

Tesco PLC Annual Report and Financial Statements 2021 3

4

Tesco at a glance

A business built for
customers.

Tesco is a leading British multinational retailer with its headquarters in England,
United Kingdom.

The business was started in 1919 by Jack Cohen, selling surplus groceries from a
stall in the East End of London. In 1929, the first Tesco store opened in Edgware,
North London. Today, we have stores in five countries across Europe: the UK,
Ireland, the Czech Republic, Slovakia and Hungary. As a leading retailer, with
more than 360,000 colleagues, Tesco serves many millions of customers every
week, in stores and online.

Tesco completed a merger with Booker Group, the UK’s leading food wholesaler,
helping to create substantial synergies and access to the ‘out-of-home’ food
market. The Tesco Group also includes Tesco Bank, which provides banking,
insurance and money services; Tesco Mobile, the UK’s largest mobile virtual
network operator; and dunnhumby, a wholly-owned data science subsidiary.

Our business is guided by the shared purpose of serving shoppers a little better
every day, underpinned by three values: no one tries harder for customers; we
treat people how they want to be treated; every little help makes a big difference.

At Tesco, serving shoppers means more than selling food. it means acting as a
responsible and sustainable business for all our stakeholders — customers,
colleagues, suppliers and shareholders — and providing affordable, healthy and
sustainable food for all.

Tesco PLC Annual Report and Financial Statements 2021

Chairman’s statement

Strategic report

Building a stronger business
through a difficult year.

Reflecting on this year. | believe it has been among the

most challenging that Tesco has faced in its 101-year history.
The COVID-19 pandemic brought disruption and uncertainty to
our business and to all our customers, colleagues, suppliers
and shareholders.

In responding to these challenges, we were guided by our values
as a business and stayed true to our purpose of serving shoppers
alittle better every day.

COVID-19
Our response to COVID-19 has consistently focused on ensuring our
customers and colleagues could shop and work safely at Tesco.

This year, we reflect on the serious challenges and uncertainty
‘our business and our colleagues have faced. We pay tribute to
every colleague affected and our thoughts are with those who
have lost friends and loved ones. It has been hugely difficult,

but every person at Tesco rose to the challenge and went above
and beyond to help each other and those in their communities.
The Board continuously provided guidance and support to help
‘our teams do the right thing, and | am very proud of the role
everybody at Tesco has played during the pandemic.

In March 2020, the Government granted all UK retail and hospitality
businesses 12 months of business rates relief. At the time, this,
relief was essential to navigate the uncertainty and significant
costs associated with responding to COVID-19. Towards the end

of 2020, we had greater clarity on the situation and we took

the decision as a Board to repay business rates relief to the
Government, so that it could support businesses that needed it
more. We firmly believe it was the right thing to do and is
consistent with our purpose and values as a business.

Business performance

The business has shown incredible resilience and agility in the year,
with Group sales increasing 7.1% at actual rates. While the costs

of responding to the pandemic have been significant, we have
strengthened our relationship with customers and built a stronger
business for our shareholders. Customer perception of the brand
has improved and we had a record year for online, an area where
we see great potential for the future.

In preparation for Brexit, we worked very hard alongside all
suppliers to ensure there would be minimal disruption to our
customers. There have been many challenges and we will
continue to navigate the changes into the next year but overall,
we have maintained strong availability for all our customers in
Great Britain, Northern Ireland, the Republic of Ireland and
across Central Europe.

We also completed the sale of our businesses in Thailand and
Malaysia. This has unlocked significant value and allowed us to
further simplify and focus the Group. We returned £5bn of the
proceeds to shareholders through a special dividend in February
2021 and made a one-off contribution of £2.5bn to our pension
scheme. This contribution has greatly reduced the prospect of
having to make further pension deficit contributions in the future.
After the year end, we also completed the sale of our business in
Poland to Salling Group.

Board changes

In October 2020, our former Group Chief Executive, Sir Dave Lewis
left the business and handed over to Ken Murphy. Sir Dave guided
the business through the challenging turnaround and was
unwavering in his commitment to Tesco for over six years.

We thank him for his outstanding service. I'm delighted that

Ken Murphy has joined the Board as Group Chief Executive. Ken has
hit the ground running, leading the business in its response to the
‘ongoing pandemic and delivering a resilient full-year performance.

At the end of April, Alan Stewart will retire and we will welcome
Imran Nawaz to the Board as Chief Financial Officer. Alan has made
an impressive and sustained contribution to Tesco's turnaround,
both as CFO and as a Board member. We wish him all the best in
his retirement.

We recently announced that Deanna Oppenheimer, Mark Armour
and Mikael Olsson will retire at this year’s AGM. We thank each of
them for their invaluable contribution and counsel over many
years. Deanna will also step down from her role as Senior
Independent Director. to be replaced by Byron Grote. Looking
forward, we will welcome Karen Whitworth, Bertrand Bodson and
Thierry Garnier to the Board as Non-executive Directors. Thierry
will join the Remuneration Committee, Karen will join the Audit
Committee and both Bertrand and Karen will join the Corporate
Responsibility Committee. They bring with them a broad range of
skills and experience and we look forward to benefiting from their
valuable perspectives.

Looking ahead

In the coming months, we will continue to manage the impact of
COVID-19 and Brexit, thanks in no small part to the hard work of our
colleagues and our great relationships with suppliers.

On behalf of the Board, | would like to thank everyone at Tesco for

going the extra mile this year to build a stronger business and serve
shoppers a little better every day.

——

John Allan CBE

Non-executive Chairman
13 April 2021

Tesco PLC Annual Report and Financial Statements 2021

Group Chief Executive’s review

1am so pleased to be writing my first Annual Report statement
as Tesco CEO. Throughout my career across retail and wholesale,
Ihave always admired Tesco. It is a business that truly puts
customers first and pushes the boundaries of retail, by following
a simple purpose of serving shoppers a little better every day.

Since joining the business, | have focused on our response to

the immediate challenges of COVID-19 and serving customers
through the end of the UK-EU transition period. | have also had the
‘opportunity to meet some of our fantastic colleagues, customers,
suppliers, shareholders and other stakeholders, coming to
understand the business from the inside and building relationships.
Ihave three initial impressions from my first six months:

1. Throughout the pandemic, colleagues have shown incredible
resilience, responding with urgency and compassion to ensure
our customers and colleagues stayed safe.

2. Tesco is a business full of people who truly care about what
they do. The warmth and passion from people across the
business has been inspiring.

3. Tesco is more than a supermarket to our customers. The role
we play in our communities and in wider society is essential to
maintaining trust and loyalty among those who shop with us.

COVID-19

The pandemic has brought challenges to every part of our business,

but on a personal level, it has also tested the resilience of our
people. We asked our colleagues to step up and be key workers
and, putting personal concerns to one side, everyone worked
harder than ever in order to serve customers safely. lam
incredibly proud of the way colleagues across Tesco have
responded, showing a combination of skilful retailing with a
sense of purpose and compassion and always putting our
customers and communities first.

‘As a business, our approach has been based on four priorities:
to provide food for all: safety for everyone: support for
colleagues: and support for communities

Food for all
Recognising that many of our vulnerable customers were unable

to shop in stores, we focused on growing our online business.

We increased online capacity in every market, and in the UK we
now offer 1.5 million weekly online slots and priority access to more
than 850,000 vulnerable customers. Booker's role was invaluable,
supporting care homes and providing 100,000 new Click & Collect
slots for Tesco customers. In addition, we worked in partnership
with our suppliers to maintain availability for our customers across

Tesco PLC Annual Report and Financial Statements 2021

A year of
challenges,
leadership and
teamwork.

the UK, Ireland and Central Europe and ensured our smallest
suppliers were paid immediately. Our teamwork was recognised
by suppliers, who named Tesco as the number one retailer for
collaboration during a crisis in the 2020 independent Supplier
Advantage survey.

Sofety for everyone

It is essential to us that Tesco is a safe place to shop and work and
I'm pleased that 90% of UK customers felt safe shopping in our
stores, with ratings even higher in Central Europe. We have made
significant investments in safety and social distancing measures
across every one of our stores in the UK, Ireland and Central Europe,
so that people can continue to shop with confidence. In the UK, we
created one of the first safety adverts from a food retailer to clearly
communicate our new measures with customers. These include
limits on the number of customers in store, social distancing signage.
sanitising stations, protective screening at checkouts, and face
coverings and other protective equipment for colleagues.

Support for colleagues

We have more than 360,000 colleagues across the Group and
they have consistently shown dedication, despite any personal
challenges they have faced due to the pandemic. Everyone's
circumstances are different but we ensured our most vulnerable
colleagues remained at home on full pay when government
guidance advised that they should shield. To cover absences and
to help meet increased demand, we recruited around 50,000
additional temporary colleagues to ensure there was enough
support. Throughout the year, we recognised the contribution of
our frontline colleagues, with three separate bonuses. It has also
been important to recognise the mental health challenges of this
year too, and we made the apps Headspace and SilverCloud
available as free support tools to UK colleagues, with similar
support tools in all markets.

Support for communities

We have always done what we can to help our local communities
but this year was exceptional. In 2020, we donated more than
£60m worth of meals to UK foodbanks and charities helping
those in need in our communities and supporting our partners,
FareShare and the Trussell Trust. In Ireland, Tesco donated nearly
€1m in COVID-19 support to local causes nationwide, and in Central
Europe, we made our largest ever food donation to food banks in
the Czech Republic, Slovakia and Hungary. Tesco Bank increased
contactless payment limits, reduced overdraft fees, introduced
e-gift cards and offered loan and credit card payment breaks to
customers that needed it. Tesco Mobile helped disadvantaged
children with their home schooling by offering an extra 20GB of
data a month through schools.

p

Our business and team

As the Chairman reflected in his statement, we have navigated
new regulations as a result of Brexit and successfully minimised
any disruption for our customers. This is thanks to extensive
preparations and contingency planning by our team and a strong
partnership with our suppliers. We will continue to prioritise our
customers as the situation develops but our business remains
agile and resilient to the challenges.

In December 2020, we completed the sale of our businesses
in Thailand and Malaysia to CP Group and in March 2021, we
completed the sale of our business in Poland to Salling Group.
These have been longstanding businesses within the Tesco Group
and | am grateful to all the teams for their dedication in serving
Tesco customers. Looking forward, | am confident that we have
strong positions and opportunities to create value in our markets in
the UK, Republic of Ireland, Czech Republic, Slovakia and Hungary.

Following the sale of our Asia business, we shared with colleagues
the news that Alison Horner has decided to leave Tesco after

22 years with the business. Alison has had a long and successful
career at Tesco and we wish her all the best in the future.

This year, we also said goodbye to Charles Wilson. Charles

joined Tesco in 2018, following the merger with Booker. He is an
exceptionally skilled retailer and has managed the ‘Joining Forces’
of Tesco and Booker seamlessly. We thank him for all he has done,
helping to create the UK's leading food business.

At the end of April, Alan Stewart will retire as CFO after nearly
seven years with Tesco and we will welcome imran Nawaz to
the team. Alan was integral to the turnaround strategy and
rebuilding the balance sheet. In his last year, he did not slow
down. He launched the first sustainability-linked bond by a
retailer globally, reaffirming the Group's commitment to be 2
net-zero carbon business in the UK by 2035, as welll as playing
a key role in the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals
CFO network. I very much look forward to working alongside
Imran to build on this fantastic work.

Strategic report

As well as Imran, we welcomed Ashwin Prasad to the Executive
Committee as Chief Product Officer. Ashwin replaced Andrew
Yaxley who has taken on the role of Booker CEO since Charles’
retirement. After nearly three years as Group Chief Operating
Officer, we are delighted that Tony Hoggett has taken up the new
role of Chief Strategy and Innovation Officer for Tesco Group and
will develop, mobilise and lead our strategic ambitions aligned to
Group-wide goals.

Looking forward

Tesco is more than a supermarket to our customers. As a business,
we have both the scale and the passion to make sure we benefit all
those around us. Alongside our Annual Report. we are publishing
our Little Helps Plan, which captures our approach to being a
responsible and therefore sustainable business.

This year, we have made further progress and commitments on
tackling carbon emissions, reducing food waste, driving down
plastic consumption and supporting a healthier lifestyle for our
customers. These topics are important to our customers and
colleagues but they are also essential for the long-term
sustainability of our business.

Despite the challenges we have faced this year, | am confident
that the business is ina strong place. Our colleagues remain
focused on serving shoppers a little better every day and we
continue to make the right decisions for customers, communities
and the planet to set us up for success in the future. By looking
after our customers, and building on the strong foundations we
have created through the pandemic, we will in turn continue to
create value for shareholders.

Ken Murphy
Group Chief 4
13 April 202

Colleague hero
— Seema Ishmail

Seema Ishmail from our Bury Superstore was
nominated for a Retail Week Frontline Hero
award for her fantastic community support.
At the start of lockdown, Seema shopped for
some of our most vulnerable customers who
were unable to visit the store themselves.
She then started working with charities and
care homes to ensure everyone got the food
they needed. Seema organised everything
herself, contacting charities, segregating
stock and organising collections. She has
worked tirelessly and become a true hero

to her local community.

Tesco PLC Annual Report and Financial Statements 2021

8

Engaging with our stakeholders

Stakeholders.

Tesco is a business of people. Each day, more than 360,000 colleagues
work to serve millions of customers in each of our five markets, and we
work with thousands of suppliers across the world. By creating value for
our customers, we in turn create value for shareholders.

This was a year like no other for Tesco, and the challenges and levels of
disruption have affected us all. But it has also been a year when every
colleague came together to ensure we always put our best foot forward.

Customers

NPS +3bps
Throughout the past year, our focus has been on continuing to provide our customers with great value.
great service and great availability, despite the challenges of COVID-19 and Brexit.

The safety measures we put in place have ensured ‘We strengthened our price position with the introduction

colleagues and customers could shop safely. 90% of of Aldi Price Match. and rewarded loyal customers
UK customers rated safety highly. through exclusive deals with our Clubcard Prices.
~ We also worked to ensure our communications were - We grew our capacity for online shopping to 1.5 million
clear and helpful, and adapted existing campaigns such slots a week in the UK, and supported more than 850,000
as Food Love Stories to help customers prepare healthy vulnerable customers with priority access
meals as they spent more time cooking from scratch. - In Slovakia and the Czech Republic, we provided ‘Tesco
- We set a new commitment to increase sales of healthy in a Box (a delivery of essential food items) to customers
products to 65% by 2025. in areas where online delivery was not available.
~ At Tesco Bank, we offered loan and credit card
payment breaks.

Tesco PLC Annual Report and Financial Statements 2021

Suppliers

Supplier Viewpoint survey reached

highest ever score of 85%

Our efforts to ensure good availability over the past
year would not have been possible without the hard work
of our suppliers.

We worked closely with suppliers to manage disruption
through COVID-19 and the Brexit transition

We introduced improved payment terms for our
smallest suppliers.

In the UK, our suppliers have also played a key role

in helping us hit our ambitious target of removing

1 billion pieces of plastic from our business

We launched a pilot partnership with Loop for online
delivery of products using only reusable packaging.

Incubator programme

Since its launch in 2017, our incubator
programme has given advice and support
to dozens of innovative, young UK brands
that have the potential to offer something
different and exciting to our customers.
Our alumni include brands such as BrewDog,
Fever-Tree, Bol and Deliciously Ella.

Strategic report |

Colleagues

Colleague Every Voice Matters survey - 82%
recommend Tesco as a Great place to work
Our colleagues have gone above and beyond during the
pandemic and we have worked hard to support them.

- We supported our most vulnerable colleagues to
stay at home on full pay during key moments in

the pandemic.

We awarded three recognition bonuses through

the year to frontline colleagues.

We recruited around 50,000 temporary colleagues,
and created 20,000 permanent roles.

We offered 1,000 work placements for young people
as a leading supporter of the Kickstart programme.
We provided Headspace and SilverCloud as

free mental wellbeing tools to all our 300,000

UK colleagues, with similar tools for colleagues

in Ireland and Central Europe.

We launched our first Business Diversity Internship in
September aimed at giving Black, Asian and minority
ethnic, disabled, LGBTO+ or socio-economically
disadvantaged individuals a route into the business.

Shareholders

Retail free cash flow** £1.2bn
We continue to focus on creating long-term, sustainable
value for shareholders.

We completed the sale of our businesses in Thailand
and Malaysia, with proceeds used to return £5bn

to shareholders via a special dividend and make a
one-off £2.5bn contribution to the pension scheme.
We completed the sale of our Polish business in
March 2021

We were the first retailer to issue a sustainability
linked bond.

We brought forward our UK target to achieve net
zero emissions by 15 years to 2035.

We brought into full ownership 12 stores and two
distribution centres in September; our freehold
property ownership is now 58% in the UK.

We are proposing a final dividend of 5.95 pence.
taking the full-year dividend to 9.15 pence.

Retail free cash flow excludes Tesco Bank.
‘Alternative performance measures (APMs). Measures with this symbol &
are defined in the Glossary section on pages 205 to 212.

More Information on how the Board engages with
stakeholders can be found on page 52.

Tesco PLC Annual Report and Financial Statements 2021 9

10

Our business model

Serving shoppers better.

Our differentiating capabilities

Understanding Our colleagues Scale and reach Own Brand and Services Innovation
customers Our more than Our unparalleled product Services such as We encourage a
We use our 360,000 colleagues reachallowsusto  _Wesourcethebest Mobile and Banking _culture of innovation
expertise to share a single bring great quality quality products, focusontheneeds so that our business
understand and purpose: to serve products to more with expert technical of Tesco shoppers remains at the
meet our customers’ shoppers a little customers. teams and close and allow us to cutting edge of new
needs better better every day. partnerships with earn and retain trends and demand.
than anybody else. growers and their loyalty.
suppliers.
Touch every part of our business
Customers
Tesco exists to serve
‘customers - listening to them

and acting on what is most

important, however they

choose to shop with us.

7 4d

through

Centre

To create value for oui

Value for customers

Our business mode! allows us
to bring our customers the
very best products at the best
possible prices, however they
choose to shop with us.

‘As our business continues to
strengthen, we can reinvest in
‘our competitiveness and further
improve the experience

for customers.

Voted Britain’s Favourite

Supermarket by customers in
The Grocer Gold Awards for

Six years

Channels
To bring the best products
to customers, we work

- from small shops to large
shops, and online. Booker
gives us access to further

channels, including Business

a range of channels

es and delivered
wholesale.

ir stakeholders

Value for colleagues

The expertise of our colleagues
drives every part of our business
model - from our store teams
serving shoppers, to our Product
teams developing new ranges.
We want every colleague in our
business to understand the part
they play in serving shoppers a
little better every day.

Colleagues think Tesco is a
Great place to work (Every
Voice Matters survey 2021)

82%

Tesco PLC Annual Report and Financial Statements 2021

Reinvest
Our focus is always on making
Tesco the best it can be for our
customers. The better a job we
do for customers, the more we
will improve sales; the more our
sales improve, the more we can
reinvest in further improving
the shopping trip.

Value for suppliers

Our conversations with suppliers
fo