Gold and Silver Markets Enter Powerful Growth Phase as Prices Target New Highs Accessibility Statement Skip Navigation Resources Investor Relations Journalists Webcasts Français --> Français my CNW Login Register Client Login Sign Up Send a Release News Products Contact Search Search When typing in this field, a list of search results will appear and be automatically updated as you type. Searching for your content... No results found. Please change your search terms and try again. Advanced Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases All Public Company News Releases Overview Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia All Photos All Videos Multimedia Gallery Overview Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business Auto & Transportation All Automotive & Transportation Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Supply Chain/Logistics Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview View All Auto & Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Blockchain Broadcast Tech Computer & Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Data Analytics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Financial Technology High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals Semiconductors Business Technology Overview View All Business Technology Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio & Podcast Television Entertain­ment & Media Overview View All Entertain­ment & Media Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Cryptocurrency Dividends Earnings Earnings Forecasts & Projections Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds Private Placement Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholder Activism Shareholder Meetings Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital Financial Services & Investing Overview View All Financial Services & Investing General Business All General Business Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News General Business Overview View All General Business Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Artificial Intelligence Blockchain Cloud Computing/Internet of Things Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Cryptocurrency Data Analytics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Financial Technology Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media STEM (Science, Tech, Engineering, Math) Supply Chain/Logistics Wireless Communications Consumer Technology Overview View All Consumer Technology Energy & Natural Resources All Energy Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas General Manufacturing Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Energy & Natural Resources Overview View All Energy & Natural Resources Environ­ment All Environ­ment Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Natural Disasters Environ­ment Overview View All Environ­ment Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building General Manufacturing HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machinery Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview View All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunications Equipment Telecommunications Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Telecomm­unications Overview View All Telecomm­unications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cannabis Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Household Products Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Consumer Products & Retail Overview View All Consumer Products & Retail Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio & Podcast Television Entertain­ment & Media Overview View All Entertain­ment & Media Health All Health Biometrics Biotechnology Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries Dentistry FDA Approval Fitness/Wellness Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control International Medical Approval Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Health Overview View All Health Sports All Sports General Sports Outdoors, Camping & Hiking Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Sports Overview View All Sports Travel All Travel Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Outdoors, Camping & Hiking Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Travel Overview View All Travel Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Canadian Federal Government Canadian Municipal Government Canadian Provincial Government Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Natural Disasters Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy Policy & Public Interest Overview View All Policy & Public Interest People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Diversity, Equity & Inclusion Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Men's Interest People with Disabilities Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women People & Culture Overview View All People & Culture Advanced Search Explore Our Platform Plan Campaigns Create with AI Distribute Press Releases Report Results Amplify Content IR All Products Become a Client Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships General Enquiries Media Worldwide Offices Hamburger menu Send a Release FR EN --> FR Phone 877-269-7890 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET ALL CONTACT INFO Contact Cision 877-269-7890 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET --> Send a Release Sign Up Resources Investor Relations Journalists Webcasts my CNW GDPR --> News in Focus Browse All News Multimedia Gallery Trending Topics Business Auto & Transportation Business Technology Entertain­ment & Media Financial Services & Investing General Business Science & Tech Consumer Technology Energy & Natural Resources Environ­ment Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Telecomm­unications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail Entertain­ment & Media Health Sports Travel Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest People & Culture People & Culture In-Language News --> Send a Release Sign Up Resources Investor Relations Journalists Webcasts my CNW GDPR Explore Our Platform Plan Campaigns Create with AI Distribute Press Releases Report Results Amplify Content IR All Products Send a Release Sign Up Resources Investor Relations Journalists Webcasts my CNW GDPR Sign Up Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships General Enquiries Media Enquiries Worldwide Offices Send a Release Sign Up Resources Investor Relations Journalists Webcasts my CNW GDPR Gold and Silver Markets Enter Powerful Growth Phase as Prices Target New Highs News provided by Market News Updates May 05, 2026, 09:00 ET Share this article Share to X Share this article Share to X Rising demand, supply constraints, and accelerating acquisitions position precious metals sector for multi-trillion-dollar expansion NEW YORK , May 5, 2026 /CNW/ -- Market News Updates News Commentary - Gold operations are in a really strong spot right now, and the trend still looks positive. Prices have stayed elevated after a big run in 2025, and most forecasts are calling for gold to push into the $5,000–$6,000+ per ounce range over the next couple of years. That kind of pricing keeps margins healthy for producers and makes existing mines a lot more valuable. On top of that, central banks and large investors are still buying aggressively, which adds a steady layer of demand. If prices keep moving higher, the overall gold market--already massive--could realistically grow toward $20 trillion or more, which is a big tailwind for companies operating in the space. Active Mining Companies of interest include: Emergent Metals Corp. (OTCQB: EGMCF) (TSXV: EMR ), Fairchild Gold Corp. (OTCQB: FCHDF) (TSXV: FAIR ), Hecla Mining Company (NYSE: HL), Newmont Corporation (NYSE: NEM), Kinross Gold Corporation (NYSE: KGC) (TSX: K ). Silver is arguably even more interesting because it has more upside potential. It's not just a precious metal--it's heavily used in solar panels, electronics, and new tech, so demand keeps climbing. At the same time, supply hasn't been able to keep up, and we're now several years into a global deficit. That imbalance is a big reason why analysts see silver moving into the $70–$100+ range, with spikes potentially going higher. Since silver starts from a much smaller market size, it doesn't take as much capital flowing in to move prices. That's why you could see the silver market grow from around $1.5–2 trillion today to $3–5 trillion if prices follow that trajectory. When you put it all together, it's easy to see why mining companies are actively acquiring new projects and consolidating assets. There simply aren't enough new discoveries, and good deposits are getting harder to find. Higher prices mean every ounce in the ground is worth more, so companies are trying to lock in future supply now rather than later. Overall, the setup looks pretty favorable--strong demand, limited supply, and rising valuations are all lining up to support continued growth across both gold and silver operations. Emergent Metals Corp. Provides an Update on its Sale of the Golden Arrow Property, NV - Emergent Metals Corp. (TSXV: EMR ) (OTCQB: EGMCF) (FRA: EML) (MUN: ELM) ("Emergent" or the "Company") announces that, further to the Company's news releases dated September 29, 2025, March 24, 2026 and April 10, 2026, Fairchild Gold Corp. (OTCQB: FCHDF) (TSXV: FAIR ) ("Fairchild") has initiated the process of seeking shareholder approval to complete the acquisition of Emergent's Golden Arrow Property (the "Transaction"). It is the Company's understanding that Fairchild requires shareholder approval for the Transaction pursuant to applicable TSX Venture Exchange (the "TSXV") policies. Fairchild has indicated that it is in the process of preparing a management information circular and related proxy materials (collectively, the "Meeting Materials") that will be delivered to the holders of Fairchild's common shares (collectively, the "Fairchild Shareholders") in connection with a special meeting of the Fairchild Shareholders to be held on June 9, 2026 (the "Fairchild Meeting"). At the Fairchild Meeting, the Fairchild Shareholders are expected to be asked to consider, and if deemed advisable, approve the Transaction under the terms and conditions of the asset purchase agreement between the Company, Fairchild and their respective subsidiaries dated March 23, 2026. Subject to Fairchild receiving the approval of the Fairchild Shareholders, each of the parties receiving all necessary regulatory approvals, including the final acceptance of the TSXV, and other customary closing conditions, the Transaction is expected to close sometime in June 2026. Emergent is a gold and base metal exploration company focused on Nevada and Quebec. The Company's strategy is to look for quality acquisitions, add value to these assets through exploration, and monetize them through sales, joint ventures, options, royalties, and other transactions to create value for its shareholders – an acquisition and divestiture business model Emergent calls a Project Accelerator. Continued… Read this full release along with full terms and additional news for Emergent Metals by visiting: https://research.quotemedia.com/equity/home/overview?symbol=EMR:CA&qmodStoryID=6580849847248501 Latest News and Developments for Mining Companies include: Hecla Mining Company (NYSE: HL) has released its 2025 Sustainability Report, highlighting the Company's environmental, social and governance (ESG) performance. "As Hecla continues its transformation into North America's Premier Silver Company, 2025 proved that purpose and performance are not competing priorities -- they are the same priority," said Rob Krcmarov, President and CEO of Hecla Mining Company. "This year, we delivered silver production at the top end of our guidance, achieved a 13% improvement in safety performance, and produced the critical minerals the world needs to power its future -- all while strengthening our environmental standards, deepening our indigenous partnerships, and contributing more than $1 billion in direct economic impact to the communities where we operate. The U.S. government's designation of silver as a critical mineral affirms what we have always believed: that responsible, domestic production of silver is strategically essential. With our sustainability policy now in place and our values embedded across every level of the company, Hecla is setting the standard for how responsible mining should be done." Newmont Corporation (NYSE: NEM) reported gold Mineral Reserves ("reserves") of 118.2 million attributable ounces at the end of 2025 compared to 134.1 million attributable ounces at the end of 2024, mainly driven by the divestment of assets in 2025. Newmont's portfolio includes significant reserves from other metals, including 12.5 million attributable tonnes of copper reserves and 442 million attributable ounces of silver reserves. "In 2025, Newmont maintained its position of having the industry's largest gold reserve base, declaring 118 million ounces of reserves, representing decades of production life with meaningful upside," said Natascha Viljoen, Newmont's President and Chief Executive Officer. "Through the disciplined application of technical rigor in our leading exploration program, we remain focused on extending mine life, discovering new opportunities, and unlocking value across our world-class portfolio of operations and projects." Kinross Gold Corporation (TSX: K ) (NYSE: KGC) has announced the detailed voting results of the election of its Board of Directors, which took place at the Company's Annual Meeting of Shareholders on April 30, 2026. The nominees listed in the Management Information Circular dated March 3, 2026, were elected as directors of Kinross at the meeting. Kinross is a Canadian-based global senior gold mining company with operations and projects in the United States, Brazil, Mauritania, Chile and Canada. Our focus is on delivering value based on the core principles of responsible mining, operational excellence, disciplined growth, and balance sheet strength. Kinross maintains listings on the Toronto Stock Exchange (symbol: K) and the New York Stock Exchange (symbol: KGC). DISCLAIMER: MarketNewsUpdates.com (MNU) is a third party publisher and news dissemination service provider, which disseminates electronic information through multiple online media channels. MNU is NOT affiliated in any manner with any company mentioned herein. MNU and its affiliated companies are a news dissemination solutions provider and are NOT a registered broker/dealer/analyst/adviser, holds no investment licenses and may NOT sell, offer to sell or offer to buy any security. MNU'S market updates, news alerts and corporate profiles are NOT a solicitation or recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities. The material in this release is intended to be strictly informational and is NEVER to be construed or interpreted as research material. All readers are strongly urged to perform research and due diligence on their own and consult a licensed financial professional before considering any level of investing in stocks. All material included herein is republished content and details which were previously disseminated by the companies mentioned in this release. MNU is not liable for any investment decisions by its readers or subscribers. Investors are cautioned that they may lose all or a portion of their investment when investing in stocks. This press release was distributed on behalf of Emergent Metals Corp. For current services performed MNU was compensated twenty six hundred dollars for news coverage of the current press releases issued by Emergent Metals Corp. by a non-affiliated third party. MNU HOLDS NO SHARES OF ANY COMPANY NAMED IN THIS RELEASE. This release contains "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and such forward-looking statements are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. "Forward-looking statements" describe future expectations, plans, results, or strategies and are generally preceded by words such as "may", "future", "plan" or "planned", "will" or "should", "expected," "anticipates", "draft", "eventually" or "projected". You are cautioned that such statements are subject to a multitude of risks and uncertainties that could cause future circumstances, events, or results to differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements, including the risks that actual results may differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, and other risks identified in a company's annual report on Form 10-K or 10-KSB and other filings made by such company with the Securities and Exchange Commission. You should consider these factors in evaluating the forward-looking statements included herein, and not place undue reliance on such statements. The forward-looking statements in this release are made as of the date hereof and MNU undertakes no obligation to update such statements. Contact Information: Media Contact email: [email protected] - +1(561)486-1799 Logo: https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/2852558/Market_News_Updates_Logo.jpg SOURCE Market News Updates × Modal title Organization Profile Market News Updates Also from this source China's Robot Boom Is Raising Security Fears as the US Robotics Race Accelerates Agriculture's Drone Revolution Is Soaring as Drones-as-a-Service Targets a Multi-Billion-Dollar Market Wildfire and Emergency Response Drones Are Reshaping a Billion-Dollar Market --> Contact Cision 866-245-2317 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us Become a Client Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships General Enquiries Media --> Products Explore Our Platform Plan Campaigns Create with AI Distribute Press Releases Report Results Amplify Content Investor Relations About About PR Newswire About Cision Careers Global Sites APAC APAC - Simplified Chinese APAC - Traditional Chinese Brazil Canada Czech Denmark Finland France Germany India Indonesia Israel Japan Korea Mexico Middle East Middle East - Arabic Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Russia Slovakia Spain Sweden United States Vietnam My Services All News Releases " href="https://app.prnewswire.com/login/auto" target="_blank">Platform Login Privacy Policy Do not sell or share my personal information: Submit via [email protected] Call Privacy toll-free: 877-297-8921 Contact Cision Products About My Services All News Releases Platform Next Gen Communications Cloud Cision Communications Cloud my CNW 877-269-7890 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Information Security Policy Site Map Cookie Settings Accessibility Statement Copyright © 2026 CNW Group Ltd. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. --> -->