A2GOLD INTERSECTS 20.96 G/T AUEQ OVER 1.5 METRES (5.24% ANTIMONY AND 0.52 G/T GOLD); RETURNS 209.4 G/T SILVER OVER 10.7 METRES FROM SURFACE AT TAYLOR Accessibility Statement Skip Navigation Resources Investor Relations Journalists Webcasts Français --> Français my CNW Login Register Client Login Sign Up Send a Release News Products Contact Search Search When typing in this field, a list of search results will appear and be automatically updated as you type. Searching for your content... No results found. Please change your search terms and try again. Advanced Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases All Public Company News Releases Overview Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia All Photos All Videos Multimedia Gallery Overview Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business Auto & Transportation All Automotive & Transportation Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Supply Chain/Logistics Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview View All Auto & Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Blockchain Broadcast Tech Computer & Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Data Analytics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Financial Technology High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals Semiconductors Business Technology Overview View All Business Technology Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio & Podcast Television Entertain­ment & Media Overview View All Entertain­ment & Media Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Cryptocurrency Dividends Earnings Earnings Forecasts & Projections Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds Private Placement Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholder Activism Shareholder Meetings Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital Financial Services & Investing Overview View All Financial Services & Investing General Business All General Business Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News General Business Overview View All General Business Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Artificial Intelligence Blockchain Cloud Computing/Internet of Things Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Cryptocurrency Data Analytics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Financial Technology Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media STEM (Science, Tech, Engineering, Math) Supply Chain/Logistics Wireless Communications Consumer Technology Overview View All Consumer Technology Energy & Natural Resources All Energy Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas General Manufacturing Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Energy & Natural Resources Overview View All Energy & Natural Resources Environ­ment All Environ­ment Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Natural Disasters Environ­ment Overview View All Environ­ment Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building General Manufacturing HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machinery Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview View All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunications Equipment Telecommunications Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Telecomm­unications Overview View All Telecomm­unications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cannabis Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Household Products Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Consumer Products & Retail Overview View All Consumer Products & Retail Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio & Podcast Television Entertain­ment & Media Overview View All Entertain­ment & Media Health All Health Biometrics Biotechnology Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries Dentistry FDA Approval Fitness/Wellness Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control International Medical Approval Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Health Overview View All Health Sports All Sports General Sports Outdoors, Camping & Hiking Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Sports Overview View All Sports Travel All Travel Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Outdoors, Camping & Hiking Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Travel Overview View All Travel Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Canadian Federal Government Canadian Municipal Government Canadian Provincial Government Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Natural Disasters Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy Policy & Public Interest Overview View All Policy & Public Interest People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Diversity, Equity & Inclusion Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Men's Interest People with Disabilities Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women People & Culture Overview View All People & Culture Advanced Search Explore Our Platform Plan Campaigns Create with AI Distribute Press Releases Report Results Amplify Content IR All Products Become a Client Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships General Enquiries Media Worldwide Offices Hamburger menu Send a Release FR EN --> FR Phone 877-269-7890 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET ALL CONTACT INFO Contact Cision 877-269-7890 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET --> Send a Release Sign Up Resources Investor Relations Journalists Webcasts my CNW GDPR --> News in Focus Browse All News Multimedia Gallery Trending Topics Business Auto & Transportation Business Technology Entertain­ment & Media Financial Services & Investing General Business Science & Tech Consumer Technology Energy & Natural Resources Environ­ment Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Telecomm­unications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail Entertain­ment & Media Health Sports Travel Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest People & Culture People & Culture In-Language News --> Send a Release Sign Up Resources Investor Relations Journalists Webcasts my CNW GDPR Explore Our Platform Plan Campaigns Create with AI Distribute Press Releases Report Results Amplify Content IR All Products Send a Release Sign Up Resources Investor Relations Journalists Webcasts my CNW GDPR Sign Up Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships General Enquiries Media Enquiries Worldwide Offices Send a Release Sign Up Resources Investor Relations Journalists Webcasts my CNW GDPR A2GOLD INTERSECTS 20.96 G/T AUEQ OVER 1.5 METRES (5.24% ANTIMONY AND 0.52 G/T GOLD); RETURNS 209.4 G/T SILVER OVER 10.7 METRES FROM SURFACE AT TAYLOR News provided by A2 Gold Corp Sep 22, 2026, 07:30 ET Share this article Share to X Share this article Share to X TWO HOLES IDENTIFY SHALLOW, HIGH-GRADE ANTIMONY-GOLD MINERALIZATION 170 METRES NORTH OF PAST PRODUCING MERRIMAC MINE TONOPAH, Nev. , Sept. 22, 2026 /CNW/ -- A2Gold Corp. ("A2Gold" or the "Company") (TSX-V: AUAU) (OTCQX: AUXXF) (FRA: RR7) is pleased to report that the first four holes from its initial reverse circulation (" RC ") drill program at the Taylor Silver-Gold Project (" Taylor " or the " Project ") have intersected shallow, high-grade antimony-gold mineralization and broad, high-grade silver mineralization. The four holes reported in this release represent all holes for which assays have been received, reviewed, and validated through the Company's quality assurance and quality control procedures as of the date of this release. Continue Reading Figure 1: Plan view map that shows a portion of the 2026 RC drill program with assays received to date. The silver mineralization footprint is shown in yellow. Antimony mineralization has not been included in previous resource estimates. Table 1: Gold, Silver and Antimony Results from the 2026 RC Drill Program at the Taylor Project Approximately 170 metres north of the past-producing Merrimac Mine, TAR-008 intersected 1.28 g/t AuEq over 36.6 metres (0.26% antimony and 0.26 g/t gold), including 20.96 g/t AuEq over 1.5 metres (5.24% antimony and 0.52 g/t gold). TAR-009 intersected 4.09 g/t AuEq over 13.7 metres (0.97% antimony and 0.29 g/t gold), including 7.01 g/t AuEq over 7.6 metres (1.74% antimony and 0.20 g/t gold) and 19.19 g/t AuEq over 1.5 metres (4.86% antimony and 0.13 g/t gold). The results demonstrate that antimony-gold mineralization extends beyond the historical Merrimac workings and identify a priority area for follow-up drilling. TAR-004 intersected 209.4 g/t silver and 0.11 g/t gold over 10.7 metres from surface and 144.0 g/t silver over 1.5 m within 79.9 g/t silver over 39.6 metres. TAR-001 intersected 104.7 g/t silver over 7.6 metres and 106.0 g/t silver over 1.5 metres within 52.6 g/t silver and 0.10 g/t gold over 48.8 metres , and intersected a second, deeper interval of 185.5 g/t silver over 3.0 metres within 72.0 g/t silver over 9.1 metres . Results from the remaining 11 holes are pending. Highlights TAR-008 intersected 20.96 g/t AuEq over 1.5 metres (5.24% antimony and 0.52 g/t gold) within 1.28 g/t AuEq over 36.6 metres (0.26% antimony and 0.26 g/t gold). TAR-009 intersected 19.19 g/t AuEq over 1.5 metres (4.86% antimony, 0.13 g/t gold and 15.5 g/t silver), within 7.01 g/t AuEq over 7.6 metres (1.74% antimony, 0.20 g/t gold and 5.4 g/t silver), and within 4.09 g/t AuEq over 13.7 metres (0.97% antimony, 0.29 g/t gold and 3.4 g/t silver). TAR-008 and TAR-009 were drilled approximately 170 metres north of the historical Merrimac Mine. The results support the interpretation that antimony-gold mineralization extends beyond the historical workings and remains to be tested to the north, south and east. TAR-001 intersected 104.7 g/t silver over 7.6 metres and 106.0 g/t silver over 1.5 metres within 52.6 g/t silver and 0.10 g/t gold over 48.8 metres . TAR-004 intersected 79.9 g/t silver over 39.6 metres from surface , including 209.4 g/t silver and 0.11 g/t gold over 10.7 metres from surface and a separate interval of 144.0 g/t silver over 1.5 metres . High-Grade Antimony-Gold Mineralization Identified North of Historical Merrimac Mine The historical Merrimac Mine is one of two past-producing antimony mines within the Taylor Project and provides an indication of the high-grade antimony endowment of the district. According to historical production records 1 , the Merrimac Mine operated during 1959–1960 and produced approximately 90 short tons of ore that averaged approximately 14% antimony, with approximately 2.5 tons of antimony oxide produced (A2Gold press release dated April 15, 2026). Historical drilling at Merrimac also returned intercepts of 7.01% antimony over 4.3 metres, 4.61% antimony over 4.6 metres and 3.79% antimony over 5.5 metres. Approximately 170 metres north of the historical Merrimac workings, TAR-008 and TAR-009 returned the following antimony-gold intercepts (Figure 1): TAR-008 intersected 20.96 g/t AuEq over 1.5 metres (5.24% antimony and 0.52 g/t gold) within 1.28 g/t AuEq over 36.6 metres (0.26% antimony and 0.26 g/t gold) from 36.6 metres downhole. TAR-009 intersected 19.19 g/t AuEq over 1.5 metres (4.86% antimony and 0.13 g/t gold) within 4.09 g/t AuEq over 13.7 metres (0.97% antimony and 0.29 g/t gold) from 79.2 metres downhole. Together, TAR-008 and TAR-009 demonstrate that high-grade antimony-gold mineralization is not confined to the historical Merrimac workings. The two holes define a priority target area along an interpreted stratigraphic and structural trend that remains open to the north, south and east. Importantly, this antimony-gold target lies outside the historical silver mineralization footprint, and antimony was not included in the 2018 historical silver mineral resource estimate, which only considered silver. 1 Historical production data are derived from Nevada Bureau of Mines publications and other historical sources and have not been independently verified. While not compliant with NI 43-101 standards, these data demonstrate the presence of high-grade antimony mineralization on the property. Peter Gianulis, CEO, commented: "Taylor's initial results demonstrate the significant multi-metal potential of the Project. This is A2Gold's first drill program at Taylor, and the first four holes reported have already returned shallow, high-grade antimony-gold mineralization, including 20.96 g/t AuEq over 1.5 metres, as well as broad, high-grade silver mineralization, including 209.4 g/t silver over 10.7 metres from surface. The drilling reported to date has evaluated only a small portion of Taylor's gold, silver and antimony potential, with substantial opportunities remaining to expand these mineralized zones and test additional targets across the property. Taylor also hosts prospective CRD, skarn and porphyry-style targets that have not yet been drill tested by A2Gold. With assays from 11 additional holes pending, we believe these results provide only an initial indication of Taylor's broader exploration potential." Silver Mineralization The Project hosts a historical silver mineral resource estimate prepared by SRK Consulting (U.S.) Inc. in 2018, as described in further detail below under "Historical Mineral Resource Estimate" (the "2018 Historical Estimate"). The 2018 Historical Estimate reported approximately 10.995 million ounces of silver in the combined Measured and Indicated categories and approximately 603,000 ounces of silver in the Inferred category, using a cut-off grade of 1.6 oz/ton silver. A qualified person has not done sufficient work to classify the 2018 Historical Estimate as current mineral resources, and A2Gold is not treating the 2018 Historical Estimate as current mineral resources. TAR-001 and TAR-004 were drilled within the silver mineralization footprint but were extended below the maximum depth of historical drilling. These holes returned silver-mineralized intercepts and provided additional information on geology and mineralization controls. TAR-001 intersected 104.7 g/t silver over 7.6 metres and 106.0 g/t silver over 1.5 metres within 52.6 g/t silver and 0.10 g/t gold over 48.8 metres. A second, deeper interval intersected 185.5 g/t silver over 3.0 metres within 72.0 g/t silver over 9.1 metres. TAR-004 intersected 79.9 g/t silver over 39.6 metres from surface , including 209.4 g/t silver and 0.11 g/t gold over 10.7 metres from surface and a separate interval of 144.0 g/t silver over 1.5 metres . In addition to the reported silver intercepts, TAR-001 and TAR-004 also provided important geological information including calcite-sulfide feeder veins, a weakly gold-mineralized lamprophyre dike, and narrow stratiform silver-gold mineralization below the limits of historical drilling. These observations provide geological vectors that can be used to refine future drill targets. Exploration Significance The first four holes from A2Gold's initial Taylor drill program have identified two distinct exploration opportunities. Approximately 170 metres north of the past-producing Merrimac Mine, TAR-008 and TAR-009 intersected shallow, high-grade antimony-gold mineralization and defined a priority target area that remains open to the north, south and east. Within the historical silver mineralization footprint, TAR-001 and TAR-004 returned broad silver intervals, including mineralization beginning at surface in TAR-004 and a deeper high-grade interval in TAR-001 below the maximum depth of historical drilling. TAR-001 also provides evidence that silver mineralization may extend northeast of the historically drilled area. Antimony was not included in the 2018 historical silver mineral resource estimate. The Company is integrating the new drill results with pre-existing data to refine additional antimony-gold and silver targets while assays from the remaining 11 holes are pending. Table Notes *The gold equivalents ("AuEq") are based on assumed metals prices of US$3,000/oz of gold, US$35/oz of silver and US$40,000 per tonne of antimony, and assumed metals recoveries of 80% for gold, 70% for silver and 75% for antimony. The formula used is: AuEq (g/t) = Au (g/t) + [Ag (g/t) × 0.010208] + [Sb (%) × 3.887935]. AuEq values were calculated using unrounded assay results and therefore may not be exactly reproducible from the rounded grades presented in this release. The Company believes that all metals included in the calculation have reasonable potential to be recovered and sold. Gold: Reported gold drill intercepts were calculated using a 0.10 g/t gold cut-off grade with a nominal maximum of 20 feet of consecutive internal dilution. No limit was applied to the total amount of non-consecutive internal dilution included within a composite. Silver : Reported silver drill intercepts were calculated using a 10.0 g/t silver cut-off grade with a nominal maximum of 20 feet of consecutive internal dilution. No limit was applied to the total amount of non-consecutive internal dilution included within a composite. Antimony : Reported antimony drill intercepts were calculated using a 0.1% antimony cut-off grade with a nominal maximum of 20 feet of consecutive internal dilution. No limit was applied to the total amount of non-consecutive internal dilution included within a composite. All reported intercepts begin and end with assays above the respective cut-off grade. Composite intervals were calculated using uncapped raw assay values. Reported lengths are as-drilled; true widths have not been determined. Historical Mineral Resource Estimate The historical estimate is described in the " NI 43-101 Technical Report on the Taylor Silver Project, White Pine County, Nevada ," prepared by SRK Consulting (U.S.) Inc., with an effective date of May 17, 2018. The estimate was based on an assumed silver price of US$17 per ounce, a 90% silver recovery, mining costs of US$2.50 per ton, processing costs of US$21.50 per ton, general and administrative costs of US$2.50 per ton, pit slopes of 45 degrees and a cut-off grade of 1.6 oz/ton silver. The Company considers the historical estimate relevant because it provides a basis for evaluating the historical Taylor silver mineralization and planning confirmation and expansion drilling. The estimate is considered reasonably reliable for these purposes because it was prepared by SRK Consulting (U.S.) Inc. under the direction of an independent qualified person and was based on a substantial historical drill database. The estimate used the Measured, Indicated and Inferred Mineral Resource categories contained in the 2014 CIM Definition Standards, which remain the current CIM categories and are therefore directly comparable. To verify the historical estimate as a current mineral resource, the Company would need to validate the underlying historical drill and assay database, complete appropriate confirmation and infill drilling, update the geological model and technical assumptions, and prepare a new mineral resource estimate. A qualified person has not done sufficient work to classify the historical estimate as current mineral resources, and A2Gold is not treating the historical estimate as current mineral resources. Quality Assurance / Quality Control The RC drilling program included the routine insertion of certified reference materials, blanks, and duplicates as part of the Company's quality assurance and quality control ("QA/QC") procedures. Drill samples were submitted to American Assay Laboratories in Sparks, Nevada, an ISO/IEC 17025 accredited analytical laboratory. Gold analyses were completed using a 30-gram fire assay with an ICP-OES (optical emission spectrometry) finish. Silver and antimony analyses were completed using a 5-acid digestion and an ICP-OES finish. Samples for gold and silver that exceed the laboratory's respective upper detection limits are reanalyzed using gravimetric methods. Qualified Person John Marma, CPG, a Certified Professional Geologist with the American Institute of Professional Geologists and a Qualified Person as defined by National Instrument 43-101, has reviewed and approved the scientific and technical information contained in this news release. About A2Gold Corp A2Gold Corp. has built a multi-asset gold-silver exploration platform in Nevada, one of the world's premier mining jurisdictions. The Company controls approximately 230 km² of prospective mineral tenure across its Eastside and Taylor projects, both district-scale assets with large precious metals resources with significant exploration and resource growth potential. Eastside hosts an inferred mineral resource of 1.4 million ounces of gold and 8.8 million ounces of silver*, while Taylor adds a highly prospective exploration district with gold, silver, antimony and porphyry-skarn upside. Backed by a fully funded exploration program and a strong pipeline of catalysts, A2Gold is focused on unlocking value through resource expansion, new discoveries and systematic district-scale exploration. A2Gold is also supported by a strong shareholder base, including Kinross Gold Corporation, which owns approximately 9.9% of the Company's issued and outstanding shares. * Updated Resource Estimate and NI 43-101 Technical Report, Eastside and Castle Gold-Silver Project Technical Report, Esmeralda County, Nevada, prepared by Mine Development Associates of Reno, Nevada, with an effective date of July 30, 2021. Pit-constrained Inferred Resources, using a cut-off grade of 0.15 g/t Au, total 61,730,000 tonnes grading 0.55 g/t Au and 4.4 g/t Ag at the Original Pit Zone, representing 1,090,000 ounces of gold and 8,700,000 ounces of silver, and 19,986,000 tonnes grading 0.49 g/t Au at the Castle Area, representing 314,000 ounces of gold, using a gold price of US$1,725/ounce. Mineral resources are not mineral reserves and do not have demonstrated economic viability. Inferred mineral resources are considered too speculative geologically to have economic considerations applied to them that would enable them to be categorized as mineral reserves. On Behalf of the Board Peter Gianulis, CEO Follow us: X LinkedIn Certain statements and information contained in this press release constitute "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of applicable U.S. securities laws and "forward-looking information" within the meaning of applicable Canadian securities laws, which are referred to collectively as "forward-looking statements." The United States Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 provides a "safe harbor" for certain forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements in this news release include, but are not limited to, statements regarding A2Gold's exploration plans for the Taylor Project, the scope, timing and objectives of the drill program at Taylor, the potential expansion of the historical silver resource, the preparation of an updated NI 43-101 mineral resource estimate, the evaluation of gold mineralization, the testing of gold-antimony, CRD, skarn and porphyry targets, the potential contribution of gold and antimony mineralization to the broader Taylor system, the potential for Taylor to emerge as an important Nevada silver-gold project with critical mineral upside, and A2Gold's future exploration and development plans. Forward-looking statements are statements and information regarding possible events, conditions or results of operations that are based upon assumptions about future economic conditions and courses of action. All statements and information other than statements of historical fact may be forward-looking statements. In some cases, forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of words such as "seek," "expect," "anticipate," "budget," "plan," "estimate," "continue," "forecast," "intend," "believe," "predict," "potential," "target," "may," "could," "would," "might," "will" and similar words or phrases, including negative variations, suggesting future outcomes or statements regarding an outlook. Such forward-looking statements are based on a number of material factors and assumptions and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors which may cause actual results, performance or achievements, or industry results, to differ materially from those anticipated in such forward-looking information. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements contained in this press release. Some of the known risks and other factors which could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking statements are described in the sections entitled "Risk Factors" in A2Gold's Listing Application, dated January 24, 2018, as filed with the TSX Venture Exchange and available on SEDAR+ under A2Gold's profile. Actual results and future events could differ materially from those anticipated in such statements. A2Gold undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements included in this press release if these beliefs, estimates and opinions or other circumstances should change, except as otherwise required by applicable law. SOURCE A2 Gold Corp For more information contact: [email protected] × Modal title Organization Profile A2 Gold Corp Also from this source A2GOLD INTERSECTS 141.10 G/T GOLD OVER 0.9 METRES AT SHALLOW DEPTH AT CASTLE AND DEFINES HIGH-GRADE STRUCTURAL TARGETS A2GOLD IDENTIFIES NEW GOLD ZONE MINERALIZATION SOUTHWEST OF MCINTOSH AND EXTENDS EXISTING MINERALIZATION AT EASTSIDE A2GOLD COMPLETES 4,400-METRE DRILL PROGRAM AT TAYLOR AND MOBILIZES RIG TO EASTSIDE TARGET PENTE --> Contact PR Newswire 866-245-2317 from 7:30 AM - 6:30 PM ET Contact Us Become a Client Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships General Enquiries Media --> Products Explore Our Platform Plan Campaigns Create with AI Distribute Press Releases Report Results Amplify Content Investor Relations About About PR Newswire About Cision Careers Global Sites APAC APAC - Simplified Chinese APAC - Traditional Chinese Brazil Canada Czech Denmark Finland France Germany India Indonesia Israel Japan Korea Mexico Middle East Middle East - Arabic Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Russia Slovakia Spain Sweden United States Vietnam My Services All News Releases " href="https://app.prnewswire.com/login/auto" target="_blank">Platform Login Privacy Policy Do not sell or share my personal information: Submit via [email protected] Call Privacy toll-free: 877-297-8921 Contact Cision Products About My Services All News Releases Platform Next Gen Communications Cloud Cision Communications Cloud my CNW 877-269-7890 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Information Security Policy Site Map Cookie Settings Accessibility Statement Copyright © 2026 CNW Group Ltd. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. --> -->