enCore Energy Corp. Reports Fiscal Year 2024 Financial Results and Files Annual Report on Form 10-K Accessibility Statement Skip Navigation Resources Investor Relations Journalists Webcasts Français --> Français my CNW Login Register Client Login Sign Up Send a Release News Products Contact Search Search When typing in this field, a list of search results will appear and be automatically updated as you type. Searching for your content... No results found. Please change your search terms and try again. Advanced Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases All Public Company News Releases Overview Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia All Photos All Videos Multimedia Gallery Overview Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business Auto & Transportation All Automotive & Transportation Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Supply Chain/Logistics Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview View All Auto & Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Blockchain Broadcast Tech Computer & Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Data Analytics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Financial Technology High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals Semiconductors Business Technology Overview View All Business Technology Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio & Podcast Television Entertain­ment & Media Overview View All Entertain­ment & Media Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Cryptocurrency Dividends Earnings Earnings Forecasts & Projections Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds Private Placement Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholder Activism Shareholder Meetings Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital Financial Services & Investing Overview View All Financial Services & Investing General Business All General Business Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News General Business Overview View All General Business Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Artificial Intelligence Blockchain Cloud Computing/Internet of Things Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Cryptocurrency Data Analytics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Financial Technology Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media STEM (Science, Tech, Engineering, Math) Supply Chain/Logistics Wireless Communications Consumer Technology Overview View All Consumer Technology Energy & Natural Resources All Energy Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas General Manufacturing Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Energy & Natural Resources Overview View All Energy & Natural Resources Environ­ment All Environ­ment Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Natural Disasters Environ­ment Overview View All Environ­ment Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building General Manufacturing HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machinery Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview View All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunications Equipment Telecommunications Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Telecomm­unications Overview View All Telecomm­unications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cannabis Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Household Products Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Consumer Products & Retail Overview View All Consumer Products & Retail Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio & Podcast Television Entertain­ment & Media Overview View All Entertain­ment & Media Health All Health Biometrics Biotechnology Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries Dentistry FDA Approval Fitness/Wellness Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control International Medical Approval Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Health Overview View All Health Sports All Sports General Sports Outdoors, Camping & Hiking Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Sports Overview View All Sports Travel All Travel Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Outdoors, Camping & Hiking Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Travel Overview View All Travel Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Canadian Federal Government Canadian Municipal Government Canadian Provincial Government Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Natural Disasters Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy Policy & Public Interest Overview View All Policy & Public Interest People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Diversity, Equity & Inclusion Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Men's Interest People with Disabilities Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women People & Culture Overview View All People & Culture Advanced Search Explore Our Platform Plan Campaigns Create with AI Distribute Press Releases Report Results Amplify Content IR All Products Become a Client Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships General Enquiries Media Worldwide Offices Hamburger menu Send a Release FR EN --> FR Phone 877-269-7890 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET ALL CONTACT INFO Contact Cision 877-269-7890 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET --> Send a Release Sign Up Resources Investor Relations Journalists Webcasts my CNW GDPR --> News in Focus Browse All News Multimedia Gallery Trending Topics Business Auto & Transportation Business Technology Entertain­ment & Media Financial Services & Investing General Business Science & Tech Consumer Technology Energy & Natural Resources Environ­ment Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Telecomm­unications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail Entertain­ment & Media Health Sports Travel Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest People & Culture People & Culture In-Language News --> Send a Release Sign Up Resources Investor Relations Journalists Webcasts my CNW GDPR Explore Our Platform Plan Campaigns Create with AI Distribute Press Releases Report Results Amplify Content IR All Products Send a Release Sign Up Resources Investor Relations Journalists Webcasts my CNW GDPR Sign Up Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships General Enquiries Media Enquiries Worldwide Offices Send a Release Sign Up Resources Investor Relations Journalists Webcasts my CNW GDPR enCore Energy Corp. Reports Fiscal Year 2024 Financial Results and Files Annual Report on Form 10-K News provided by enCore Energy Corp. Mar 03, 2025, 07:00 ET Share this article Share to X Share this article Share to X NASDAQ:EU TSXV: EU www.encoreuranium.com DALLAS , March 3, 2025 /CNW/ - enCore Energy Corp. (NASDAQ: EU) (TSXV: EU ) (the "Company" or "enCore"), America's Clean Energy Company TM , today announced its financial and operational results for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024 . The Company expects to file its Annual Report on Form 10-K ("Form 10-K") with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") later today, which includes the Company's audited consolidated financial statements, related notes, and management's discussion and analysis ("MD&A") for fiscal year 2024, and strategic milestones and outlook for 2025. Continue Reading Table 1.1 - Non-GAAP Measures for 2024 Uranium Product Sales (CNW Group/enCore Energy Corp.) Table 1.2 - Non-GAAP Measures for Inventory Held by the Company on December 31, 2024. (CNW Group/enCore Energy Corp.) Financial Reporting Status Change Commentary: As of January 1, 2025 , the Company's reporting status with the SEC changed from a foreign private issuer to a U.S. domestic issuer. As a result, the Company transitioned from International Financial Reporting Standards ("IFRS") to U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles ("U.S. GAAP") for all its financial reporting requirements. While this transition resulted in differences in financial reporting under U.S. GAAP compared to IFRS, it also aligns the Company's accounting treatment with U.S. reporting standards. By adjusting the carrying value of certain assets under U.S. GAAP, the Company expects a lower depreciation base going forward, which may positively impact reported earnings by reducing future non-cash expenses. The Company is an Exploration Stage Issuer, as it has not established proven or probable Mineral Reserves as defined under Subpart 1300 of Regulation S-K of the Exchange Act of 1934 ("S-K 1300"). Financial Highlights for Fiscal Year 2024 and Future Outlook: Revenue: enCore reported total revenue of $58 million , reflecting a 163 percent increase from the year ended December 31, 2023 , primarily due to increased uranium extraction. In 2024, sales were made from a combination of extracted and purchased pounds, while in 2023 all sales were from purchased pounds. Earnings Per Share: The Company recorded a loss per share of $0.34 for the year ended December 31, 2024 , compared to a loss of $0.18 per share for the year ended December 31, 2023 , the increase being primarily due to: Increased exploration and extraction activities in preparation for the ramp-up of the Company's second ISR plant in late 2024 and the planned increase in well production in early 2025. The cost of converting to a large accelerated filer required to be in compliance with 404b of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002, which included expenses of approximately $3 million . Net Income/Loss: The Company reported a net loss of $61.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2024 , compared to a $25.6 million net loss for the year ended December 31, 2023 . The inability to capitalize certain exploratory and development costs under U.S. GAAP which would have been capitalized under IFRS impacted both years, totaling $15 million for 2024, and $8 million for 2023. Balance Sheet Strength: enCore ended the year with $39.7 million in cash and cash equivalents. Operational Achievements and Milestones: Uranium Sales: In 2024, enCore completed eight uranium sales to third parties totaling 720,000 pounds U 3 O 8 at an average sales price of $81.02 per pound U 3 O 8 , not including converter and transaction costs. The Company used 580,000 pounds sourced from purchased uranium, and 140,000 pounds sourced from uranium extracted at the Rosita Central Processing Plant ("Rosita CPP") and the Alta Mesa Central Processing Plant ("Alta Mesa CPP"). Uranium Extraction Results: In 2024, for the Rosita and Alta Mesa CPPs combined, 288,589 pounds U 3 O 8 were captured on ion exchange ("IX") resin, the largest amount of any U.S. producer in 2024. The cost of extraction can be seen in the non-GAAP table in the Appendix. Joint Venture Partner: In February 2024 , enCore announced a joint venture ("JV") to develop and operate Alta Mesa with Boss Energy Ltd. ("Boss"). The JV is 70 percent owned by enCore and 30 percent owned by Boss, with enCore remaining the project manager. Through Nov. 30, 2024 , 35,181 pounds U 3 O 8 from the JV were transferred to Boss, pursuant to the JV. Uranium Inventories: During 2024, the Company acquired 825,000 pounds U 3 O 8 . As of December 31, 2024 , the Company held 358,408 pounds U 3 O 8 as inventory. Uranium Central Processing Plants: In 2024, enCore focused on starting up its uranium recovery operations at the Rosita CPP, which began operations in November 2023 ; and at the Alta Mesa CPP which commenced operations in June 2024 . The Company is proud of the team's ability to bring these two extraction plants online. Uranium Contracting: Throughout 2024, enCore created a balanced uranium sales agreement portfolio to provide multiple pricing structures to support future market changes and production plans. The Company has executed twelve uranium sales agreements to supply uranium to nuclear power plants in the United States and one legacy uranium sales agreement with a uranium trading company. These agreements represent various delivery periods from 2024 through 2034. enCore's uranium sales agreement portfolio is a mix of market related pricing, hybrid base price and market related pricing, base escalated pricing, and fixed prices. As of December 31, 2024 , the Company had 8.30 million pounds U 3 O 8 in committed uranium sales from 2025 through 2033. Six of the current contracts provide the optionality to add an additional 2.2 million pounds U 3 O 8 through 2033. Sustainability: In October 2024 , enCore issued its inaugural Sustainability Report detailing the Company's environmental, social responsibility, and governance for its South Texas operations. The report also set forth key performance indicators that establish goals for continuing improvement. 2025 Outlook and Future Planned Activities: enCore remains committed to advancing extraction-ready projects, deploying capital responsibly, and strengthening its team to support the continued growth of its ISR uranium production capacity to meet the growing demand for a secure domestic uranium supply. Focusing on Continued Extraction Growth: enCore is focused on installing wellfield patterns to expand uranium extraction in South Texas . Since the start of 2024, the Company has increased the number of drilling rigs to 17 operating in South Texas . The increased drilling rig count will alleviate bottlenecks in wellfield pattern replacement rates observed earlier in the year that delayed expansion of uranium extraction. The Upper Spring Creek Project will provide uranium-bearing resin to the Rosita CPP following final permitting expected to be complete in 2025. The Company also made substantial progress at its Dewey Terrace and Dewey-Burdock Projects along the Wyoming - South Dakota border, as well as the Gas Hills Project in Wyoming . These efforts align with the Company's strategy to advance extraction-ready projects and scale its ISR uranium recovery capacity. Regulatory Approvals: enCore continues to advance key permitting and licensing milestones for its projects in South Texas , South Dakota and Wyoming . On March 2, 2025 , the board of directors of enCore appointed Robert Willette , the current Chief Legal Officer, as Acting Chief Executive Officer, effectively immediately. Mr. Willette succeeds Paul Goranson , who is no longer serving as enCore's Chief Executive Officer or as a member of the board of directors. Investor Information enCore's full financial statements, including MD&A, are available in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K, to be filed with the SEC. The report can be accessed at www.sec.gov and on enCore's investor relations page at www.encoreuranium.com . Technical Disclosure and Qualified Person John M. Seeley , Ph.D., P.G., C.P.G., enCore's Manager of Geology and Exploration, and a Qualified Person under Canadian National Instrument 43-101 and S-K 1300, has reviewed and approved the technical disclosure in this news release on behalf of the Company. About enCore Energy Corp. enCore Energy Corp., America's Clean Energy Company™, is committed to providing clean, reliable, and affordable fuel for nuclear energy as the only United States uranium producer with multiple extraction facilities in operation. The enCore team is led by industry experts with extensive knowledge and experience in all aspects of In-Situ Recovery uranium operations and the nuclear fuel cycle. enCore solely utilizes ISR for uranium extraction, a well-known and proven technology co-developed by the leaders at enCore Energy. Following up on enCore's demonstrated success in South Texas , future projects in enCore's pipeline include the Dewey-Burdock Project in South Dakota and the Gas Hills Project in Wyoming . The Company holds other non-core assets including significant New Mexico resources and conventional projects in Arizona , Utah , and Wyoming along with proprietary databases. enCore is committed to working with local communities and Indigenous governments to create positive impact from corporate developments. Learn more at www.encoreuranium.com . Cautionary Note Regarding Forward Looking Statements: Neither TSX Venture Exchange nor its Regulation Services Provider (as that term is defined in the policies of the TSX Venture Exchange) accepts responsibility for the adequacy or accuracy of this release. This press release contains "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and Canadian securities laws that are based on management's current expectations, assumptions, and beliefs. Forward-looking statements can often be identified by such words as "expects", "plans", "believes", "intends", "continue", "potential", "remains", and similar expressions or variations (including negative variations) of such words and phrases, or statements that certain actions, events or results "may", "could", or "will" be taken. Forward-looking statements and information that are not statements of historical fact include, but are not limited to, any information relating to statements regarding future or potential extraction, and any other statements regarding future expectations, beliefs, goals or prospects, statements regarding the success of current and future ISR operations, including projects in our pipeline, our development plans, our future extraction plans and associated economics, including the assumptions underlying the economic analyses, the Company's expectations for a lower deprecation base going forward and the impact to reported earnings, the belief that 2025 will demonstrate improvements in efficiency, timing and overall productivity, that the projects will be a reliable supplier of fuel, the expected timing of a commercial operation, estimated mineral resources and financials, expected major plant aspects that the projects will be successfully operable ISR operations, the ability to meet the increasing demand for clean, reliable nuclear energy, the ability to complete and expected timing of completion of permitting and licensing and our commitment to working with local communities and indigenous governments to create positive impact from corporate developments should be considered forward looking statements. All such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future results and forward-looking statements are subject to important risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond the Company's ability to control or predict, that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in any forward looking statement, including those described in greater detail in our filings with the SEC and on SEDAR+, particularly those described in our Annual Report on Form 10-K, annual information from and MD&A. Forward-looking statements necessarily involve known and unknown risks, including, without limitation, risks associated with assumptions regarding project economics; discount rates; expenditures and the current cost environment; timing and schedule of the projects, general economic conditions; adverse industry events; future legislative and regulatory developments; the ability of enCore to implement its business strategies; and other risks. A number of important factors could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those indicated or implied by such forward-looking statements, including without limitation exploration and development risks, changes in commodity prices, access to skilled personnel, the results of exploration and development activities; extraction risks; uninsured risks; regulatory risks; defects in title; the availability of materials and equipment, timeliness of government approvals and unanticipated environmental impacts on operations; litigation risks; risks posed by the economic and political environments in which the Company operates and intends to operate; increased competition; assumptions regarding market trends and the expected demand and desires for the Company's products and proposed products; reliance on industry equipment manufacturers, suppliers and others; the failure to adequately protect intellectual property; the failure to adequately manage future growth; adverse market conditions, the failure to satisfy ongoing regulatory requirements and factors relating to forward looking statements listed above. Should one or more of these risks materialize, or should assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements prove incorrect, actual results may vary materially from those described herein as intended, planned, anticipated, believed, estimated, or expected. The Company assumes no obligation to update the information in this communication, except as required by law. Additional information identifying risks and uncertainties is contained in filings by the Company with the various securities commissions which are available online at www.sec.gov and www.sedarplus.ca . Forward-looking statements are provided for the purpose of providing information about the current expectations, beliefs and plans of management. Such statements may not be appropriate for other purposes and readers should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, that speak only as of the date hereof, as there can be no assurance that the plans, intentions or expectations upon which they are based will occur. Such information, although considered reasonable by management at the time of preparation, may prove to be incorrect and actual results may differ materially from those anticipated. Forward-looking statements contained in this news release are expressly qualified by this cautionary statement. Non-GAAP Financial Measures This press release contains non-GAAP financial measures. A "non-GAAP financial measure" is defined as a numerical measure of a company's financial performance that excludes or includes amounts so as to be different than the most directly comparable measure calculated and presented in accordance with GAAP in the statements of income, balance sheets or statements of cash flows of the Company. The non-GAAP financial measures used within this press release are total cost of extracted pounds, uranium cost per extracted pound, total cost of extracted inventory and uranium cost per extracted pound in inventory. Total cost of extracted pounds is the cost of sales less the cost of sales of purchased goods, which includes the aggregate purchase price of uranium sourced from purchased uranium. Uranium cost per extracted pound is the total cost of extracted pounds divided by the pounds of uranium extracted during the period. Total cost of extracted inventory is inventory less purchased uranium inventories. Uranium cost per pound of extracted inventory is the total cost of extracted inventory divided by pounds of extracted inventory. We consider the total cost of extracted pounds, uranium cost per extracted pound total cost of extracted inventory and uranium cost per pound of extracted inventory, including allocations of cash and non-cash costs, in evaluating the efficiency and cost-effectiveness of the Company's extraction operations and overall cost structure. Appendix: Tables Non-GAAP measures for 2024 uranium product sold and inventory held on December 31, 2024 Table 1.1 - Non-GAAP Measures for 2024 Uranium Product Sales Table 1.2 - Non-GAAP Measures for Inventory Held by the Company on December 31, 2024 . SOURCE enCore Energy Corp. Investor Contact: William M. Sheriff, Executive Chairman, enCore Energy, 972-333-2214, [email protected] ; Media Contact: Ann Obeney, VP, Corporate Communications, enCore Energy, [email protected] , 361-239-2045 × Modal title Organization Profile enCore Energy Corp. Also from this source enCore Energy Corp. Featured in "The Nuclear Option" Documentary Series enCore Energy Reports Q2 2026 Financial Results Nuclear Regulatory Commission Issues License for enCore Energy's Dewey Burdock Uranium Project --> Contact PR Newswire 866-245-2317 from 7:30 AM - 6:30 PM ET Contact Us Become a Client Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships General Enquiries Media --> Products Explore Our Platform Plan Campaigns Create with AI Distribute Press Releases Report Results Amplify Content Investor Relations About About PR Newswire About Cision Careers Global Sites APAC APAC - Simplified Chinese APAC - Traditional Chinese Brazil Canada Czech Denmark Finland France Germany India Indonesia Israel Japan Korea Mexico Middle East Middle East - Arabic Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Russia Slovakia Spain Sweden United States Vietnam My Services All News Releases " href="https://app.prnewswire.com/login/auto" target="_blank">Platform Login Privacy Policy Do not sell or share my personal information: Submit via [email protected] Call Privacy toll-free: 877-297-8921 Contact Cision Products About My Services All News Releases Platform Next Gen Communications Cloud Cision Communications Cloud my CNW 877-269-7890 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Information Security Policy Site Map Cookie Settings Accessibility Statement Copyright © 2026 CNW Group Ltd. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. --> -->