BETA Close X City of London Investment Group PLC announced that its Chairman, CEO, CFO, and key investment and external relations personnel will host a live investor presentation on February 24, 2026, at 14:00 GMT via the Investor Meet Company platform. This presentation is open to all current and prospective shareholders, with opportunities to submit questions in advance by February 23, 2026, at 09:00 GMT, or during the live event. Disclaimer* City of London Investment Group PLC 13 February 2026 City of London Investment Group PLC 13 February 2026 ﻿ ﻿ CITY OF LONDON INVESTMENT GROUP PLC ("City of London" or "the Group" or "the Company" or "CLIG") Investor Presentation via Investor Meet Company City of London (LSE: CLIG), a leading specialist asset management group offering a range of institutional and retail products, is pleased to announce that Rian Dartnell - Chairman, Cooper Abbott - CEO, Deepranjan Agrawal - CFO, Michael Edmonds - CLIM CIO, Dan Lippincott - KIM CIO and Courtney Short - Group Head of External Relations will provide a live presentation via Investor Meet Company on 24 February 2026 at 14:00 GMT. The presentation is open to all existing and potential shareholders. Questions can be submitted pre-event via your Investor Meet Company dashboard up until 23 February 2026 at 09:00 GMT, or at any time during the live presentation. Investors can sign up to Investor Meet Company for free and add to meet CITY OF LONDON INVESTMENT GROUP PLC via: https://www.investormeetcompany.com/city-of-london-investment-group-plc/register-investor Investors who already follow CITY OF LONDON INVESTMENT GROUP PLC on the Investor Meet Company platform will automatically be invited. For further information, please visit http://www.clig.co.uk/ or contact: Cooper Abbott, CEO City of London Investment Group PLC Tel: 001-610-380-2110 Martin Green, Louisa Waddell Zeus Capital Limited Financial Adviser & Broker Tel: +44 (0)20 3829 5000 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies City of London Investment Group (CLIG) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 15 minutes ago Sabre Insurance Group 1 hour ago Facilities by ADF 1 hour ago Solid State 1 hour ago Barratt Redrow 1 hour ago Eden Research All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and