BETA Close X City of London Investment Group PLC announced that on March 3, 2026, its Chief Executive Officer, Cooper Abbott, was granted an award under the Long Term Incentive Plan for 184,076 ordinary shares. This award vests on the third anniversary of its grant and is contingent upon continued service and performance conditions related to underlying EPS growth, cumulative net flows, and strategic performance over a three-year period ending December 31, 2028. A two-year post-holding period applies to vested shares on a net-of-tax basis. Disclaimer* City of London Investment Group PLC 04 March 2026 RNS Number: City of London Investment Group PLC 4 March 2026 CITY OF LONDON INVESTMENT GROUP PLC ("City of London", "CLIG", "the Group" or "the Company") Notification and public disclosure of transactions by persons discharging managerial responsibilities and persons closely associated with them. Grant of LTIP Award City of London (LSE: CLIG), a leading specialist asset management group offering a range of institutional and retail products announces that on 3 March 2026, the following Award over ordinary shares of £0.01 each in the Company ("Ordinary Shares") was granted under the City of London Investment Group PLC Long Term Incentive Plan (LTIP) to the following person discharging managerial responsibilities: PDMR Position Number of Ordinary Shares over which the Award was granted Cooper Abbott Chief Executive Officer 184,076 The Award has a normal vesting date of the third anniversary of its grant and is subject to continued service (save for good leaver treatment) and performance conditions. The performance conditions metrics and associated sliding-scale targets relate to underlying EPS growth, cumulative net flows and strategic performance in respect of a measurement period of three years ending on 31 December 2028. Further details of the performance conditions will be disclosed in the Directors' Remuneration Report in the Group's next Annual Report. The Award is subject to a two-year post-holding period in respect of vested shares on a net-of-tax basis. The notification below, made in accordance with the requirements of the UK Market Abuse Regulation, provides further detail: 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / person closely associated a) Name Cooper Abbott 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/status Chief Executive Officer b) Initial notification /Amendment Initial notification 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name City of London Investment Group PLC b) LEI 549300BV85TFYXK2Y635 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Identification code Ordinary Shares of £0.01 each ISIN: GB00B104RS51 b) Nature of the transaction Grant of Award under City of London Investment Group PLC Long Term Incentive Plan c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price No. of shares Nil 184,076 d) Aggregated information - Aggregated volume - Price Not applicable single transaction Nil e) Date of the transaction 3 March 2026 f) Place of the transaction Outside of a trading venue - Ends - For further information, please visit https://www.clig.com/ or contact: Rian Dartnell, Chairman City of London Investment Group PLC Tel: 001-203-561-0450 Martin Green, Louisa Waddell Zeus Capital Limited Financial Adviser & Broker Tel: +44 (0)20 3829 5000 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies City of London Investment Group (CLIG) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 15 minutes ago Sabre Insurance Group 1 hour ago Facilities by ADF 1 hour ago Solid State 1 hour ago Barratt Redrow 1 hour ago Eden Research All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and