EBT Share Purchase City of London Investment Group PLC 24 June 2026 24 June 2026 CITY OF LONDON INVESTMENT GROUP PLC ("City of London", "the Company") EBT Share Purchase City of London (LSE: CLIG), a leading specialist asset management group offering a range of institutional and retail products, announces that the Company's Employee Benefit Trust purchased 12,000 ordinary shares of 1p each on 23 June 2026 at a price of £4.3875 per share. Following these purchases, the Trust holds 1,403,889 ordinary shares in the Company representing 2.8% of the Company's issued capital. For further information, please contact: Cooper Abbott, CEO City of London Investment Group PLC Tel: 001-610-380-2110 Martin Green, Louisa Waddell Zeus Capital Limited Financial Adviser & Broker Tel: +44 (0)20-3829-5000 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies City of London Investment Group (CLIG) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 6 minutes ago Ashmore Group 1 hour ago Cohort 1 hour ago Sabre Insurance Group 1 hour ago Lloyds Banking Group 1 hour ago International Paper Company All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and