BETA Close X City of London Investment Group PLC announced that Edward Sevick, a person discharging managerial responsibilities, was awarded 3,468 Restricted Share Awards under the Group's Employee Incentive Plan. The award comprises 3,468 ordinary shares of £0.01 each, with 1,734 shares relating to a waived employee bonus (Deferred Shares) priced at £3.774 each, and 1,734 shares representing matching awards (Bonus Shares) at no cost. Following the grant, Mr. Sevick's beneficial interest is 61,716 Ordinary Shares, representing approximately 0.1% of the Company's issued share capital. The aggregated volume of the award is 3,468 Ordinary Shares at an average price of £1.887, with the transaction occurring on October 27, 2025, on the London Stock Exchange. Disclaimer* City of London Investment Group PLC 29 October 2025 29 October 2025 CITY OF LONDON INVESTMENT GROUP PLC ("City of London", "CLIG", "the Group" or "the Company") Notification and public disclosure of transactions by persons discharging managerial responsibilities and persons closely associated with them. City of London (LSE: CLIG), a leading specialist asset management group offering a range of institutional and retail products investing primarily in closed-end funds, announces that Edward Sevick, a person discharging managerial responsibilities ("PDMR") of City of London Investment Group PLC (LSE: CLIG), has been awarded 3,468 Restricted Share Awards (the "Award") comprising 3,468 ordinary shares of £0.01 each in the Company ("Ordinary Shares") from the Employee Benefit Trust (the "EBT") under the Group's Employee Incentive Plan (the "EIP"). Of these, 1,734 Ordinary Shares relate to an employee waived bonus ("Deferred Shares"), with the remaining 1,734 Ordinary Shares representing matching awards made by the Company ("Bonus Shares") under the terms of the Plan. The cost to Mr. Sevick was £3.774 per Deferred Share and nil cost per Bonus Share. The Deferred Shares and Bonus Shares awarded under the EIP carry certain restrictions which will lift on vesting of the Award. For further details of the EIP scheme please refer to CLIG's latest annual report and accounts at https://clig.com/investor-reports/#results-centre-on . Following the grant of the Award, Mr. Sevick's beneficial interest is 61,716 Ordinary Shares, representing approximately 0.1% of the Company's issued share capital. The notification below, made in accordance with the requirements of the EU Market Abuse Regulation, provides further detail: 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / person closely associated a) Name Edward Sevick 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/status Chief Operating Officer b) Initial notification /Amendment Initial notification 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name City of London Investment Group plc b) LEI 549300BV85TFYXK2Y635 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Identification code Ordinary Shares of £0.01 each ISIN: GB00B104RS51 b) Nature of the transaction Grant of an award under the Group's Employee Incentive Plan (EIP). c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price No. of shares £3.774 Nil cost 1,734 1,734 d) Aggregated information - Aggregated volume - Price 3,468 Ordinary Shares Average price: £1.887 e) Date of the transaction 27 October 2025 f) Place of the transaction London Stock Exchange For further information, please visit www.citlon.co.uk or contact: Rian Dartnell, Chairman City of London Investment Group PLC Tel: 001-203-561-0450 Martin Green, Louisa Waddell Zeus Capital Limited Financial Adviser & Broker Tel: +44 (0)20 3829 5000 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies City of London Investment Group (CLIG) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 10 minutes ago Sabre Insurance Group 1 hour ago Facilities by ADF 1 hour ago Solid State 1 hour ago Barratt Redrow 1 hour ago Eden Research All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and