Commencement of Trading on OTCQX® Best Market City of London Investment Group PLC 02 December 2024 REACH City of London Investment Group PLC 2 December 2024 ﻿ ﻿ CITY OF LONDON INVESTMENT GROUP PLC ("City of London" or "the Group" or "the Company" or "CLIG") Commencement of Trading on OTCQX® Best Market City of London (LSE: CLIG; OTCQX: CLIUF ), a leading specialist asset management group offering a range of institutional and retail products investing primarily in closed-end funds, is pleased to announce that it has qualified to trade on the OTCQX® Best Market. CLIG upgraded to OTCQX from the Pink® market. CLIG commences trading today on OTCQX under the symbol "CLIUF." U.S. investors can find current financial disclosure and Real-Time Level 2 quotes for the company on www.otcmarkets.com . "Moving to the OTCQX Market is a significant milestone for the Group," said Tom Griffith, CEO. "This is an effort to enhance visibility among U.S. investors, improve liquidity, and broaden stock access, all of which support our strategic growth initiatives." For further information, please visit http://www.clig.co.uk/ or contact: Tom Griffith, CEO City of London Investment Group PLC Tel: 001-610-380-0435 Martin Green, James Hornigold Zeus Capital Limited Financial Adviser & Broker Tel: +44 (0)20 3829 5000 This is a Reach announcement and the information contained is not considered to be material or to have a significant impact on management's expectations of the Company's performance. Reach is an investor communication service aimed at assisting listed companies to distribute non-regulatory news releases into the public domain. Information required to be notified under the AIM Rules for Companies, Market Abuse Regulation or other regulation would be disseminated as an RNS regulatory announcement and not on Reach. This information is provided by Reach, the non-regulatory press release distribution service of RNS, part of the London Stock Exchange. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies City of London Investment Group (CLIG) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 9 minutes ago Sabre Insurance Group 1 hour ago Facilities by ADF 1 hour ago Solid State 1 hour ago Barratt Redrow 1 hour ago Eden Research All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and