APPOINTMENT OF INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR City of London Investment Group PLC 07 April 2025 City of London Investment Group PLC 7 April 2025 CITY OF LONDON INVESTMENT GROUP PLC ("City of London", "CLIG", "the Group" or "the Company") APPOINTMENT OF INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR City of London (LSE: CLIG), a leading specialist asset management group offering a range of institutional and retail products investing primarily in closed-end funds, is pleased to announce that Ben Stocks will be joining the Board as an Independent Non-Executive Director on 7 April 2025. This appointment follows a thorough search process undertaken by the Nomination Committee of the Board. Ben brings extensive leadership experience from his 27-year tenure as an Executive Director and the CEO of London Stock Exchange-listed Porvair PLC, where he successfully led the company's growth into a global business with operations in the USA, UK, Europe and Asia. In his new role, Ben will serve as a member of CLIG's Audit and Risk, Nomination and Remuneration Committees. Rian Dartnell, Chairman of CLIG, commented: "I am very happy to welcome Ben Stocks to the CLIG Board. His strategic acumen, combined with his ability to build high-performing teams and foster a growth mindset, make him a valuable addition. We look forward to benefiting from Ben's wisdom, sound judgment, and 'can-do' attitude as he contributes to CLIG's continued success." Ben Stocks commented: "I am delighted to be joining CLIG to support the Board and management team in delivering growth and enhancing value for clients, employees and shareholders." There is no further information required to be disclosed pursuant to UKLR 6.4.8R in connection with Ben Stocks' appointment. For further information, please visit www.clig.co.uk or contact: Tom Griffith, CEO City of London Investment Group PLC Tel: 001-610-380-0435 Martin Green, James Hornigold Zeus Capital Limited Financial Adviser & Broker Tel: +44 (0)20 3829 5000 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies City of London Investment Group (CLIG) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 9 minutes ago Sabre Insurance Group 1 hour ago Facilities by ADF 1 hour ago Solid State 1 hour ago Barratt Redrow 1 hour ago Eden Research All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and