Directorate Change City of London Investment Group PLC 10 June 2025 City of London Investment Group PLC 10 June 2025 ﻿ ﻿ CITY OF LONDON INVESTMENT GROUP PLC ("City of London", "the Group" or "the Company") DIRECTORATE CHANGE City of London (LSE: CLIG): The Board announces that Tom Griffith will leave the Board and his role as Chief Executive Officer by July 2025. The Board and the Company are involved in a planned succession process and further information will be forthcoming. Rian Dartnell, Chairman of CLIG, commented: "On behalf of the Board, I would like to express our deep appreciation to Tom for his contributions. We anticipate a smooth transition with CLIG's executive team working with Tom over a number of months." The Company reconfirms its 22 April 2025 Trading Update and looks forward to providing further details on its continued positive fourth-quarter trading performance in the upcoming year-end update, expected on 24 July 2025. The individual responsible for releasing this announcement on behalf of the Company is Rian Dartnell, Chairman. This announcement contains inside information for the purposes of Article 7 of the UK version of Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 which is part of UK law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018, as amended. For further information, please contact: Rian Dartnell, Chairman City of London Investment Group PLC Tel: 001-203-561-0450 Martin Green, James Hornigold, Louisa Waddell Zeus Capital Limited Financial Adviser & Broker Tel: +44 (0)20 3829 5000 City of London Investment Group PLC (LSE: CLIG) is an established asset management group listed on the London Stock Exchange, consisting of two wholly owned subsidiaries, City of London Investment Management Company, Limited and Karpus Investment Management. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies City of London Investment Group (CLIG) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 9 minutes ago Sabre Insurance Group 1 hour ago Facilities by ADF 1 hour ago Solid State 1 hour ago Barratt Redrow 1 hour ago Eden Research All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and