BETA Close X City of London Investment Group PLC has appointed Cooper Abbott as its new Chief Executive Officer and Executive Director, effective immediately. Abbott brings over two decades of senior investment management experience, including founding and building Carillon Tower Advisors into a $70+ billion global asset management company and serving as Chairman and CEO of Matthews International Capital Management. The company believes his extensive experience across various asset classes, markets, and client types aligns well with their long-term strategy and commitment to fiduciary standards. Disclaimer* City of London Investment Group PLC 21 January 2026 City of London Investment Group PLC 21 January 2026 CITY OF LONDON INVESTMENT GROUP PLC ("City of London", "CLIG", "the Group" or "the Company") APPOINTMENT OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER City of London (LSE: CLIG), a leading specialist asset management group offering a range of institutional and retail products is pleased to announce the appointment of Cooper Abbott as Chief Executive Officer and Executive Director with immediate effect. This appointment follows a thorough search process undertaken by the Nomination Committee of the Board. Cooper Abbott (CFA, CAIA) brings to City of London more than two decades of senior investment management experience that has focused on delivering creative solutions and investment outcomes that meet client needs. Working across a range of leadership roles, Cooper has established growth platforms for a diverse range of investment management businesses and client-types. His experience includes public and private markets, organic and acquisition-led growth, institutional and wealth channels, all with a focus on building scale and global reach in support of investors. Cooper served as President and Chairman at Carillon Tower Advisors which he founded and built into a $70+ billion global multi-boutique asset management company providing equity, fixed income and multi-asset class solutions to a range of institutional and retail investors. He also served as Chairman and CEO of Matthews International Capital Management. There is no further information required to be disclosed pursuant to UKLR 6.4.8R in connection with Cooper Abbott's appointment. Rian Dartnell, Chairman of CLIG, commented: "In appointing our next CEO, the Board sought a leader with an investor's mindset, a proven ability to develop high-quality investment businesses, and a firm commitment to upholding CLIG's exacting fiduciary standards. Cooper's depth of experience across asset classes, markets, and client types aligns well with our long-term strategy. He brings sound judgment and a keen focus on empowering teams to deliver outperformance for our clients. The Board is delighted to welcome Cooper to lead CLIG in our next phase of development." Cooper Abbott commented: "I am delighted to join City of London and honoured to serve as the firm's next CEO. I have long admired CLIG's unique value proposition, with deep investment and allocation expertise, and commitment to delivering outstanding client service. I look forward to leading the talented group of professionals at the firm and building on its impressive track record of helping clients achieve their investment goals, while delivering growth opportunities and value for our clients, shareholders, and employees." For further information, please visit www.clig.co.uk or contact: Rian Dartnell, Chairman City of London Investment Group PLC Tel: 001-203-561-0450 Martin Green, Louisa Waddell Zeus Capital Limited Financial Adviser & Broker Tel: +44 (0)20 3829 5000 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies City of London Investment Group (CLIG) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 15 minutes ago Sabre Insurance Group 1 hour ago Facilities by ADF 1 hour ago Solid State 1 hour ago Barratt Redrow 1 hour ago Eden Research All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and