Across The Markets: ASOS, CMC Markets, Associated British Foods 2026-07-01 08:31:19 (1 month ago) Related Companies: ASOS (ASC) , Associated British Foods (ABF) , CMC Markets (CMCX) CMC Markets Shares in the trading platform and liquidity provider CMC Markets hurtled higher this morning following a trading update that has been released just weeks after the already impressive full year numbers were released. Growth of the company’s institutional business has resulted in management revising full year revenue forecasts from £460-£480m to £550m with the market reacting accordingly. The CMC Markets share price is up more than 20% on the morning and now trades above 550p, compared the performance in late 2023 when shares were below 100p. Associated British Foods The food ingredient to fast fashion company ABF issued a trading update this morning which arguably underlined the company’s commitment to push ahead with the demerger of the Primark brand. The clothes retailer has been the side delivering the growth and whilst continental Europe is struggling against a weak consumer backdrop, the UK is stable and new store openings helped drive US sales some 16% higher. Sugar is the one key area of concern for the business where weak prices and production being impacted by weather have seen management revise full year guidance lower once again. The ABF share price was down 3% in early trade. ASOS Keeping with fast fashion and ASOS this morning announced that it has completed the disposal of its non-operational fulfilment centre in Atlanta to DHL. The move is part of the company’s plans to improve efficiency and simplify the asset base. As the facility had been fully written down, this news delivers a significant boost to the bottom line, generating net proceeds of £48m and delivering annual cost savings of around £6m. This significantly strengthens the company’s cash position and the ASOS share price was up almost 9% shortly after the open. Most read news on Investegate this morning Final Results - - Clean Power Hydrogen (CPH2) Strategic and Operational update & TVR - - Tomahawk Metals Plc (TMHK) Retirement of Chair and Board appointments - - Bytes Technology Group (BYIT) Disclaimer: This information does not constitute investment advice, nor does it necessarily reflect the views and opinions of Investegate. If in doubt consult a financial professional. Other Across the Markets Posts Across The Markets: Celsius Resources, Barratt Redrow, IWG 30-06-2026 (1 month ago) Related Companies: Barratt Redrow (BTRW) , Celsius Resources Limited (DI) (CLA) , IWG (IWG) Housebuilders turn lower as class action law suit over price fixing emerges, but IWG jumps on extended share buyback news and small cap Celsius Resources advances on asset disposal plans. Across The Markets: Eco Atlantic, Bridgepoint, BT Group 29-06-2026 (1 month ago) Related Companies: BT Group (BT.A) , Eco (Atlantic) Oil & Gas NPV (DI) (ECO) , Bridgepoint Group (Reg S) (BPT) BT Group sees modest gains off JV announcement with Verizon, Bridgepoint adds after acquisition news is well received and Eco Atlantic also finds cheer as farm out agreement gets government approvals. Across The Markets: Wise, Guardian Metals, Barratt Redrow 26-06-2026 (1 month ago) Related Companies: Barratt Redrow (BTRW) , Wise Class A (WISE) , Guardian Metal Resources plc (GMET) Barratt Redrow tops off week of gains with new CEO arrival date confirmed, Wise sees FY numbers at top end of estimates and Guardian Metals finds support ahead of next week’s feasibility study release. Across The market: 3i Group, Moonpig, easyJet 25-06-2026 (1 month ago) Related Companies: easyJet (EZJ) , 3i Group (III) , Moonpig Group (MOON) easyJet makes further gains as management offer an olive branch to suitor Castlelake, Moonpig surges on outperformance and buyback news, whilst 3i also reacts well to pre-AGM portfolio update. Across The Markets: THG, Berkeley, SEGRO 24-06-2026 (1 month ago) Related Companies: Berkeley Group Holdings (The) (BKG) , THG (THG) , SEGRO (SGRO) SEGRO shares jump as US peer eyes hostile takeover, Berkeley finds support as softer results land in line with expectations and early gains from THG’s trading update prove difficult to sustain. UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 2 minutes ago Roadside Real Estate 1 hour ago Taseko Mines Limited NPV (DI) 1 hour ago Taseko Mines Limited NPV (DI) 1 hour ago Xeros Technology Group 1 hour ago Plus500 Ltd (DI) All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and