ABF to acquire Hovis Group Associated British Foods PLC 15 August 2025 15 August 2025 ABF to acquire Hovis Group, following review of strategic options for Allied Bakeries As stated at the interim results, Associated British Foods plc ("ABF") has been evaluating a range of strategic options for Allied Bakeries, its UK bakery business. Profitability at Allied Bakeries has been increasingly challenged in recent years by a decline in demand for pre-sliced, packaged bread and a loss of scale in Allied Bakeries' nationwide distribution network serving the major retailers with daily delivery of bread and bakery goods. Following this review, ABF announces today that it has reached an agreement to acquire Hovis Group Limited ("Hovis Group") from Endless LLP. Hovis Group is an integrated bakery business, engaged in the production and distribution of bread and bakery products in the UK. The acquisition will combine the production and distribution activities of the two businesses, driving significant costs synergies and efficiencies, to create a profitable UK bread business that is sustainable over the long term. The combined business will be better placed to compete effectively and to establish a stable platform for product innovation in the segments of the UK bakery category that are growing as a result of changing consumer tastes and needs. This will include improvement in existing products and expansion into new product ranges. The completion of the transaction is subject to regulatory approval. George Weston, Chief Executive of Associated British Foods, said: "This transaction will create a UK bakeries business that is both profitable and sustainable over the long term. Supporting the Hovis and Kingsmill brands with well-invested and efficient operations will also enable innovation and growth. This solution will create value for shareholders, provide greater choice for consumers and increase efficiencies for customers." For further information, please contact: Associated British Foods +44 20 7399 6545 Joana Edwards, Interim Finance Director Lucinda Baker, Head of Investor Relations Chris Barrie, Corporate Affairs Director Citigate Dewe Rogerson +44 20 7638 9571 Claire de Groot Sabine Pirone Media inquiries FGS James Murgatroyd +44 7768 254 911 Sarah Roberts +44 7827 808 421 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Associated British Foods (ABF) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 day ago Savannah Energy 1 day ago Barclays 1 day ago Schroder Income Growth Fund 1 day ago Fuller Smith & Turner 1 day ago Land Securities Group All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and