BETA Close X Associated British Foods plc has announced its total voting rights and capital, stating that it has 703,776,007 ordinary shares of 5 15/22 pence each admitted to trading, with each share carrying one vote. This figure serves as the denominator for shareholders to determine notification requirements under the Financial Conduct Authority's Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rules. The company currently holds no shares in treasury. Disclaimer* Associated British Foods PLC 29 May 2026 29 May 2026 Associated British Foods plc Total Voting Rights and Capital Associated British Foods plc (the " Company ") announces that it has 703,776,007 ordinary shares of 5 15/22 pence each admitted to trading. Each ordinary share carries the right to one vote at general meetings. This figure may be used by shareholders as the denominator for calculations by which they will determine whether they are required to notify their interest in, or a change to their interest in, the Company under the Financial Conduct Authority's Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rules. The Company does not hold any shares in treasury. This announcement is made in accordance with the Financial Conduct Authority's Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rule 5.6.1. Contacts: +44 (0) 20 7399 6500 Paul Lister (Company Secretary ) Ray Cahill (Director of Corporate Governance) This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Associated British Foods (ABF) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 2 minutes ago Roadside Real Estate 1 hour ago Taseko Mines Limited NPV (DI) 1 hour ago Taseko Mines Limited NPV (DI) 1 hour ago Xeros Technology Group 1 hour ago Plus500 Ltd (DI) All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and