BETA Close X Associated British Foods plc has announced an interim dividend of 20.7 pence per ordinary share, payable on July 3, 2026, to shareholders on record as of May 29, 2026, with an ex-dividend date of May 28, 2026. The company also operates a dividend reinvestment plan, with the final date for elections being June 12, 2026, allowing shareholders to use cash dividends to purchase additional company shares. Disclaimer* Associated British Foods PLC 21 April 2026 21 April 2026 Associated British Foods plc Interim dividend Further to the announcement released earlier today by Associated British Foods plc (the 'Company') of its interim results for the 24-week period ended 28 February 2026, the Company confirms that an interim dividend of 20.7 pence per ordinary share will be paid on 3 July 2026 to shareholders on the Company's register of members as at the close of business on 29 May 2026. The ex-dividend date is 28 May 2026. The Company operates a dividend reinvestment plan ('DRIP') which is provided by Equiniti Financial Services Limited. The final date for receipt or withdrawal of elections under the DRIP will be 12 June 2026. The DRIP enables the Company's shareholders to elect to have their cash dividend payments used to purchase the Company's shares. More information can be found at www.shareview.co.uk/info/drip . TIDM: ABF ISIN: GB0006731235 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Associated British Foods (ABF) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 2 minutes ago Roadside Real Estate 1 hour ago Taseko Mines Limited NPV (DI) 1 hour ago Taseko Mines Limited NPV (DI) 1 hour ago Xeros Technology Group 1 hour ago Plus500 Ltd (DI) All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and