Across The Markets: Crest Nicholson, Associated British Foods, THG 2026-04-21 08:54:33 (3 months ago) Related Companies: Associated British Foods (ABF) , Crest Nicholson Holdings (CRST) , THG (THG) Associated British Foods The food product to fashion business ABF may have hoped to generate some enthusiasm amongst investors this morning after confirming it would spin out Primark into a separate entity but the market was clearly more focused on the interim results . It is anticipated that both entities will qualify for the FTSE-100 on the demerger completes with a target of late next year, but on a shorter horizon falling sugar prices are set to take a toll, whilst heavy investment into the Primark business has also been costly. Revenues are broadly flat but adjusted pre tax profits dropped 19%. This was expected and management are eyeing a recovery in H2, but uncertainty over the Middle East conflict is in evidence, too. The Associated British Foods share price was down 5% shortly after the open. THG Global consumer brands and e-commerce group THG issued a Q1 trading statement this morning with the FTSE-250 listed company painting an upbeat picture. It recorded the best quarter of revenue growth since 2021, up 7% and is seeing only a limited impact from the situation in the Middle East, something management note can be navigated following that good start to the year. With this momentum, full year guidance has been reiterated and the THG share price was 7% higher in early trade. Crest Nicholson The house builders have been painting a mixed picture of late and this morning’s trading update from Crest Nicholson underlines the divergence that’s apparent. The company has dialled down full year guidance materially as macroeconomic uncertainty, higher borrowing costs and weaker consumer confidence all combining to take a toll. Expectations are that the challenges will persist for at least six months, with the number of units to be sold this financial year being reduced by around 10%, whilst land sales are also set to be hit. Cash preservation is high on the agenda as covenants reach being breached, so could that be a drag on dividends, too? The Crest Nicholson share price was down 39% by 8.45am. Most read news on Investegate this morning Outcome of its review of Group structure - - Associated British Foods (ABF) Trading Update - - Crest Nicholson Holdings (CRST) Avacta data AACR underline AVA6103 profile - - Avacta Group (AVCT) Disclaimer: This information does not constitute investment advice, nor does it necessarily reflect the views and opinions of Investegate. If in doubt consult a financial professional. Other Across the Markets Posts Across The Markets: ASOS, CMC Markets, Associated British Foods 01-07-2026 (1 month ago) Related Companies: ASOS (ASC) , Associated British Foods (ABF) , CMC Markets (CMCX) CMC Markets surges as trading update bolsters institutional outlook and ASOS finds investor support from asset disposal in the US but Associated British Foods slumps as ingredients division shows weakness. Across The Markets: Celsius Resources, Barratt Redrow, IWG 30-06-2026 (1 month ago) Related Companies: Barratt Redrow (BTRW) , Celsius Resources Limited (DI) (CLA) , IWG (IWG) Housebuilders turn lower as class action law suit over price fixing emerges, but IWG jumps on extended share buyback news and small cap Celsius Resources advances on asset disposal plans. Across The Markets: Eco Atlantic, Bridgepoint, BT Group 29-06-2026 (1 month ago) Related Companies: BT Group (BT.A) , Eco (Atlantic) Oil & Gas NPV (DI) (ECO) , Bridgepoint Group (Reg S) (BPT) BT Group sees modest gains off JV announcement with Verizon, Bridgepoint adds after acquisition news is well received and Eco Atlantic also finds cheer as farm out agreement gets government approvals. Across The Markets: Wise, Guardian Metals, Barratt Redrow 26-06-2026 (1 month ago) Related Companies: Barratt Redrow (BTRW) , Wise Class A (WISE) , Guardian Metal Resources plc (GMET) Barratt Redrow tops off week of gains with new CEO arrival date confirmed, Wise sees FY numbers at top end of estimates and Guardian Metals finds support ahead of next week’s feasibility study release. Across The market: 3i Group, Moonpig, easyJet 25-06-2026 (1 month ago) Related Companies: easyJet (EZJ) , 3i Group (III) , Moonpig Group (MOON) easyJet makes further gains as management offer an olive branch to suitor Castlelake, Moonpig surges on outperformance and buyback news, whilst 3i also reacts well to pre-AGM portfolio update. UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 2 minutes ago Roadside Real Estate 1 hour ago Taseko Mines Limited NPV (DI) 1 hour ago Taseko Mines Limited NPV (DI) 1 hour ago Xeros Technology Group 1 hour ago Plus500 Ltd (DI) All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and