e

Registration number: 00306672

ABF Investments plc

Annual Report and Financial Statements

12 September 2020

FRIDAY

INDIAN

28/05/2021 #62
COMPANIES HOUSE

Contents

Strategic Report

Directors' Report

Statement of Directors' Responsibilities
Independent Auditor’s Report

Statement of Total Comprehensive Income
Balance Sheet

Statement of Changes in Equity

Notes to the Financial Statements

ABF Investments ple

Annual report and financial statements
12 September 2020

Registered number 00306672

Tto2

3104

6to8

12 to 68

ABF Investments ple

Annual report and financial statements
12 September 2020

Registered number 00306672

Strategic Report for the Period from 15 September 2019 to 12 September 2020

Review of the business

The principal activity of the company is that of a holding company within the Associated British Foods ple
group (the “group”). The principal activities of the subsidiaries were the international processing and
manufacture of food and food ingredients, and textile retailing.

During the period the main activities of the company remained unchanged and the directors anticipate that the
company will continue to operate on the same basis.

Principal risks and uncertainties

The company is not exposed to any significant unusual risks or uncertainties in its role as a holding company
within the group. A full description of the principal risks and uncertainties applicable to the Associated British
Foods plc group, of which this company is a subsidiary, are disclosed on pages 84 to 90 of the 2020 group
Annual Report which are available at www.abf.co.uk. This is supplemented by the section on principal risks and

uncertainties in the Interim Results Announcement of Associated British Foods ple dated 20 April 2021.

‘Trading results

The company’s result for the year is reflected in the statement of total comprehensive income on page 9. The
profit on ordinary activities after taxation amounted to £67m (2019: loss £42m). No dividends were declared or
paid in the period (2019: nil).

Engaging with our stakeholders - Section 172 Statement

The directors are required to act in a way which they consider, in good faith, is most likely to promote the
success of the company for the benefit of its members as a whole and, in doing so, have regard (amongst other
matters) to the matters set out in section 172(1)(a) to (f) of the Companies Act 2006.

The company is a subsidiary of Associated British Foods ple and, as such, the company has adopted and
directors have due regard to applicable group policies and procedures which impact on the company’s
stakeholders, including those referred to on page 72 of the Associated British Foods ple Annual Report and
Accounts 2020. Please also see the Associated British Foods ple section 172 statement on pages 14 to 19 of that
document.

Stakeholders and engagement

The key stakeholders with whom engagement is fundamental to the Company’s ongoing success are:
+ suppliers

+ subsidiaries of the company

+ its shareholder

Suppliers
Our Supplier Code of Conduct, which applies to all companies in the Associated British Foods group and which
can be found on the Associated British Foods website, sets out our values and standards on how we work and
engage with our suppliers on ethical, environmental and other relevant matters.

Subsidiaries of the company

The company forms part of the group of companies headed by Associated British Foods ple and the company’s
accounts are consolidated into the Associated British Foods ple accounts. Group companies can provide
financial and other support to other companies in the group and the sharing of best practice and know-
how between the business within the broader group is actively encouraged. The company is kept up to date on
key businesses activities and decisions of its subsidiaries and provides all necessary support.

Page |

ABF Investments ple

Annual report and financial statements
12 September 2020

Registered number 00306672

Strategic Report for the Period from 15 September 2019 to 12 September 2020
(continued)

Engaging with our stakeholders - Section 172 Statement

Shareholder

The company takes appropriate steps to ensure that its shareholder is kept up to date on key business activities
and decisions.

Approved by the Board on 26 May 2021 and signed on its behalf by:

Director

Registered address Weston Centre
10 Grosvenor Street
London
WIK 4QY

Page 2

ABF Investments ple

Annual report and financial statements
12 September 2020

Registered number 00306672

Directors’ Report for the Period from 15 September 2019 to 12 September 2020

The directors present their annual report and the financial statements for the period from 15 September 2019 to
12 September 2020.

Dividends

No dividends were declared and paid in the period (2019: £nil) . The directors do not recommend the payment of
a further dividend.

Engagement with employees

The company does not have any employees however its subsidiaries in aggregate employed on average more
than 130,000 people during the period. For further information please refer to the accounts of the relevant
subsidiaries or to the disclosures made in the Associated British Foods ple annual report for the year ended 12
September 2020, in particular on pages 73 to 74 and 98 to 99 of that document.

Engagement with suppliers, customers and others in a business relationship with the Company

A description of the company's key stakeholders and the engagement with them is disclosed in section 172
statement on pages | to 2. Please also sce the section 172 statement for Associated British Foods ple in its annual
report for the year ended 12 September 2020 on pages 14 to 19.

Energy Usage

The company’s energy usage information is included in the consolidated accounts of its parent, Associated
British Foods plc. For further information please refer to disclosures made in the Associated British Foods ple
annual report for the year ended 12 September 2020.

COVID-19 and going concern
The COVID-19 pandemic has continued across the world and, at the time of approving these financial
statements, had no adverse impact on the company.

Uncertainty as to the length of the pandemic and the related measures to combat it mean that the 2021 full year
impact cannot yet be known.

The company has received a letter of support from its parent company, Associated British Foods ple, indicating
that it will receive the financial and other support necessary for the company to trade and meet its liabilities as
and when they become due for a period of at least twelve months from the date of signing of these financial
statements,

After making due enquiries and considering the impact of COVID-19 and the support available from the parent
company described above, the directors have a reasonable expectation that the company has adequate resources
to continue in operation for 12 months from the date of signing of these financial statements.

These considerations included the impact of COVID-19 on the wider ABF group, the ABF group’s directors’
assessment of going concern (set out in the 2021 Interim Results Announcement dated 20 April 2021 and
available at www.abf.co.uk) , which included the significant levels of cash and undrawn committed long-term
facilities available to the group and the ABF group’s directors’ stress testing of cash flow forecasts through to
September 2022, and an assessment of any developments since that date that would adversely affect that
conclusion. Accordingly, the financial statements have been prepared on the going concern basis.

Page 3

ABF Investments pic

Annual report and financial statements
12 September 2020

Registered number 00306672

Directors' Report for the Period from 15 September 2019 to 12 September 2020
(continued)

Directors of the company
The directors, who held office during the period, were as follows:

AA Smith
JG Bason

Directors' Indemnities

The directors have benefited from ABF group's Directors' and Officers’ Insurances policy and one director of
operating subsidiaries benefited from indemnity provisions provided by the company during the financial
period, subject to the conditions set out in the Companies Act 2006.

Health & Safety

The company, and the broader group of which it forms part, keeps its health, safety and environmental
performance and levels of legal compliance under regular review and ensures that its risk management controls
are appropriate and effective.

Disclosure of information to the auditor

Each director has taken steps that they ought to have taken as a director in order to make themselves aware of
any relevant audit information and to establish that the company's auditor is aware of that information. The
directors confirm that there is no relevant information that they know of and of which they know the auditor is
unaware.

Reappointment of auditor
The auditor Ernst & Young LLP is proposed to be reappointed under section 489(4)(a) of the Companies Act
2006.

Approved by the Board on 26 May 2021 and signed on its behalf by:

dass .
Director

Page 4

ABF Investments ple

Annual report and financial statements
12 September 2020

Registered number 00306672

Statement of Directors' Responsibilities

The directors acknowledge their responsibilities for preparing the Strategic report, the Directors’ report and the
financial statements in accordance with applicable law and regulations.

Company law requires the directors to prepare financial statements for each financial year. Under that law the
directors have elected to prepare the financial statements in accordance with United Kingdom Accounting
Standards (United Kingdom Generally Accepted Accounting Practice), including FRS 101 "Reduced Disclosure
Framework’ (‘FRS 101’).

Under company law the directors must not approve the financial statements unless they are satisfied that they
give a true and fair view of the state of affairs of the company and of the profit or loss of the company for that
period, In preparing these financial statements, the directors are required to:

+ select suitable accounting policies and apply them consistently;
+ make judgements and accounting estimates that are reasonable and prudent,

* state whether FRS 101 has been followed, subject to any material departures disclosed and explained in the
financial statements; and

+ prepare the financial statements on the going concern basis unless it is inappropriate to presume that the
company will continue in business.

The directors are responsible for keeping adequate accounting records that are sufficient to show and explain the
company's transactions and disclose with reasonable accuracy at any time the financial position of the company
and enable them to ensure that the financial statements comply with the Companies Act 2006. They are also
responsible for safeguarding the assets of the company and hence for taking reasonable steps for the prevention
and detection of fraud and other irregularities.

Page 5S

Independent Auditor's Report to the Members of ABF Investments ple

Opinion

We have audited the financial statements of ABF Investments plc (the ‘Company’) for the period from 15
September 2019 to 12 September 2020, which comprise the Statement of Total Comprehensive Income, Balance
Sheet, Statement of Changes in Equity, and related note | to 18, including a summary of significant accounting
policies. The financial reporting framework that has been applied in their preparation is applicable law and
United Kingdom Accounting Standards, including FRS 101 ‘Reduced Disclosure Framework’ (United Kingdom
Generally Accepted Accounting Practice).

Tn our opinion the financial statements:

+ give a true and fair view of the state of the Company's affairs as at 12 September 2020 and of its profit for
the period then ended;

+ have been properly prepared in accordance with United Kingdom Generally Accepted Accounting Practice;
and

+ have been prepared in accordance with the requirements of the Companies Act 2006.

Basis for opinion

We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (UK) (ISAs (UK)) and
applicable law. Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s responsibilities
for the audit of the financial statements section of our report. We are independent of the Company in accordance
with the ethical requirements that are relevant to our audit of the financial statements in the UK, including the
FRC’s Ethical Standard, and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these
requirements.

We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our
opinion.

Emphasis of matter
We draw attention to note 1 of the financial statements, which describe the impact on the Company of Covid-19
in its operations and assessment of going concern. Our opinion is not modified in respect of this matter.

Conclusions relating to going concern
We have nothing to report in respect of the following matters in relation to which the ISAs (UK) require us to
report to you where:

* the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting in the preparation of the financial statements is
not appropriate; or

«the directors have not disclosed in the financial statements any identified material uncertainties that may cast
significant doubt about the company’s ability to continue to adopt the going concern basis of accounting for
a period of at least twelve months from the date when the financial statements are authorised for issue.

Other information
The other information comprises the information included in the annual report set out on pages | to 4, other than
the financial statements and our auditor’s report thereon. The directors are responsible for the other information,

Our opinion on the financial statements does not cover the other information and, except to the extent otherwise
explicitly stated in our report, we do not express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.

In connection with our audit of the financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information and,
in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the financial statements or
our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If we identify such material
inconsistencies or apparent material misstatements, we are required to determine whether there is a material
misstatement in the financial statements or a material misstatement of the other information. If, based on the
work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are
required to report that fact.

We have nothing to report in this regard.

Page 6

Independent Auditor's Report to the Members of ABF Investments ple (continued)

Opinion on other matter prescribed by the Companies Act 2006
In our opinion, based on the work undertaken in the course of the audit:

+ the information given in the Strategic Report and Directors' Report for the financial period for which the
financial statements are prepared is consistent with the financial statements; and

+ the Strategic Report and Directors' Report have been prepared in accordance with applicable legal
requirements.

Matters on which we are required to report by exception
In the light of our knowledge and understanding of the company and its environment obtained in the course of
the audit, we have not identified material misstatements in the Strategic Report and the Directors’ Report.

We have nothing to report in respect of the following matters where the Companies Act 2006 requires us to
report to you if, in our opinion:

* adequate accounting records have not been kept, or returns adequate for our audit have not been received
from branches not visited by us; or

+ the financial statements are not in agreement with the accounting records and returns; or
* certain disclosures of directors’ remuneration specified by law are not made; or

* we have not received all the information and explanations we require for our audit.
Responsibilities of directors

As explained more fully in the Statement of Directors' Responsibilities set out on page 5, the directors are
responsible for the preparation of the financial statements and for being satisfied that they give a true and fair
view, and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of financial
statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

In preparing the financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the Company's ability to
continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concer and using the going
concern basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Company or to cease operations, or
have no realistic alternative but to do so.

Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole are free
from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our
opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in
accordance with ISAs (UK) will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise
from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be
expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these financial statements.

A further description of our responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements is located on the Financial
Reporting Council's website at www.frc.org.uk/auditorsresponsibilities. This description forms part of our
auditor’s report.

Page 7

Independent Auditor's Report to the Members of ABF Investments ple (continued)

Use of our report

This report is made solely to the company’s members, as a body, in accordance with Chapter 3 of Part 16 of the
Companies Act 2006. Our audit work has been undertaken so that we might state to the company’s members
those matters we are required to state to them in an auditor’s report and for no other purpose. To the fullest
extent permitted by law, we do not accept or assume responsibility to anyone other than the company and the
company’s members as a body, for our audit work, for this report, or for the opinions we have formed.

Edt + pm LU?

Jon Killingley (Senior Statutory Auditor)
For and on behalf of Ernst & Young LLP, Statutory Auditor
London

26 May 2021

Page 8

ABF Investments ple

Annual report and financial statements
12 September 2020

Registered number 00306672

Statement of Total Comprehensive Income
Jor the Period from 15 September 2019 to 12 September 2020

2020 2019

Note £m Em

Operating loss 6 Q) -
Investment income 5 99 48
Write down of investments 9 (16) (89)
Profit/(loss) on ordinary activities before interest and taxation 81 (41)
Interest payable 7 (4) Q)
Profit/(loss) on ordinary activities before taxation 7 (42)
Tax on profit/(loss) on ordinary activities 8 (10) -
Profit/(Joss) on ordinary activities after taxation 67 (42)

Other comprehensive income : :

Total comprehensive income/(loss) 67 (42)

There is no material difference between the company's results as reported and on an historical cost basis.
Accordingly no note of historic costs, profits and losses has been prepared.

The above results were derived from continuing operations.

The notes on pages 12 to 68 form an integral part of these financial statements.
Page 9

Balance Sheet
at 12 September 2020

Fixed assets
Investments in subsidiaries
Right-of-use assets

Current assets
Debtors: amounts due within one year

Creditors: amounts falling due within one year

Net current (liabilities)/assets

Total assets less current liabilities

Creditors: amounts falling due after more than one year
Provisions
Net assets

Capital and reserves
Called-up share capital
Share premium reserve
Capital contribution reserve
Profit and loss account

Shareholders’ funds

ABF Investments ple

Annual report and financial statements
12 September 2020

Registered number 00306672

2020 2019

Note £m £m
9 3,370 2,930
10 1 :

12 B 12
13 536 (3)
(458) 1

2,913 2,937

14 (1) (91)

2,911 2,844

16 23 23
371 371
283 283

2,234 2,167

2,911 2,844

Approved by the Board on 26 May 2021 and signed on its behalf by:

AA Smith
Director
Registered number: 00306672

The notes on pages 12 to 68 form an integral part of these financial statements.

Page 10

i