Registration number: 00306672

ABF Investments plc

Annual Report and Financial Statements

16 September 2023

OU

24/01/2024
COMPANIES HOUSE

WEDNESDAY

Contents

Strategic Report

Directors' Report

Statement of Directors' Responsibi!
Independent Auditor’s Report
Statement of Total Comprehensive Income
Balance Sheet

Statement of Changes in Equity

Notes to the Financial Statements

ABF Investments ple

Annual report and financial statements
16 September 2023

Registered number 00306672

1to2

3to4

6 to8

12 to 36

ABF Investments ple

Annual report and financial statements
16 September 2023

Registered number 00306672

Strategic Report for the Period from 18 September 2022 to 16 September 2023

Review of the business

The principal activity of the company is that of a holding company within the Associated British Foods ple
group (the “group”). The principal activities of the subsidiaries were the international processing and
manufacture of food and food ingredients, and textile retailing.

During the period the main activities of the company remained unchanged and the directors anticipate that the
company will continue to operate on the same basis.

Principal risks and uncertainties

A full description of the principal risks and uncertainties applicable to the Associated British Foods ple group,
of which this company is a subsidiary, are disclosed on pages 68 to 75 of the 2023 Annual Report, which is
available at www.abf.co.uk.

Trading results

The-company’s result for the year is reflected in the statement of total comprehensive income on page 9. The
loss on ordinary activities after taxation amounted to £163m (2022: profit of £36m).

Engaging with our stakeholders - Section 172 Statement
The directors are required to act in a way which they consider, in good faith, is most likely to promote the
success of the company for the benefit of its members as a whole and, in doing so, have regard (amongst other
matters) to the matters set out in section 172(1)(a) to (f) of the Companies Act 2006.

The company is a subsidiary of Associated British Foods ple and, as such, the company has adopted and
directors have due regard to applicable group policies and procedures which impact on the company’s
stakeholders. Please also see the Associated British Foods ple Section 172 Statement on pages 40 to 45 of that
document.

Stakeholders and engagement

The key stakeholders with whom engagement is fundamental to the company’s ongoing success are:
+ subsidiaries of the company
+ its shareholder

Subsidiaries of the company
The company forms part of the group of companies headed by Associated British Foods plc and the company’s
accounts are consolidated into the Associated British Foods plc accounts. Group companies can provide
financial and other support to each other and the sharing of best practice and know-how between the businesses
within the broader group is actively encouraged.

Page 1

ABF Investments ple

Annual report and financial statements
16 September 2023

Registered number 00306672

Strategic Report for the Period from 18 September 2022 to 16 September 2023
(continued)

Engaging with our stakeholders - Section 172 Statement continued

Shareholder
The company reports up to its shareholder, and ultimately to the board of Associated British Foods plc. The
company takes appropriate steps to ensure that its shareholder is kept up to date on key business activities and

decisions.

UK Mandatory Climate Disclosures

The Company is not required to make mandatory climate disclosures under The Companies (Strategic Report)
(Climate-related Financial Disclosure) Regulations 2022. It qualifies for the exemption in section 414CA of the
Companies Act 2006 as it is a subsidiary of Associated British Foods plc, which makes climate-related financial
disclosures under Listing Rule 9.8.6R in line with the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures
(‘TCFD’) that include the Company. Associated British Foods plc’s TCFD disclosures can be found on pages 56
to 67 of its annual report and accounts.

16 Jan

ind signed on its behalf by:

Approved by the Board on ..

Director

Registered address Weston Centre
10 Grosvenor Street
London
WIK 4QY

Page 2

ABF Investments ple

Annual report and financial statements
16 September 2023

Registered number 00306672

Directors' Report for the Period from 18 September 2022 to 16 September 2023

The directors present their annual report and the financial statements for the period from 18 September 2022 to
16 September 2023,

Dividends
A dividend of £1bn was paid in the period (2022: paid £493m).

Engagement with employees
The company does not have any employees. For further information please refer to the accounts of the relevant
subsidiaries or to the full disclosures on pages 50 to 52 and 84 to 85 in the Associated British Foods plc annual
report for the year ended 16 September 2023, available at www.abf.co.uk.

Engagement with suppliers, customers and others in a business relationship with the Company
A description of the company's stakeholders and the engagement with them is disclosed in the section 172
statement on pages 1-2.

Energy Usage

The company’s energy usage information is included in the consolidated accounts of its parent, Associated
British Foods ple. For further information please refer to full disclosures made in the Associated British Foods
plc annual report for the year ended 16 September 2023.

Going Concern

The company has received a letter of support from its parent company, Associated British Foods ple, indicating
that it will receive the financial and other support necessary for the company to trade and meet its liabilities as
and when they become due for a period of twelve months from the date of signing of these financial statements.

After making enquiries and considering the support available from the parent company described above, the
directors have a reasonable expectation that the company has adequate resources to continue in operation for 12
months from the date of signing of these financial statements. These considerations included the ABF group’s
directors’ assessment of going concern (set out in the Annual Report and Accounts dated 7 November 2023 and
available at www.abf.co.uk), which included the significant levels of cash and undrawn committed long-term
facilities available to the group and the ABF group’s directors’ stress testing of cash flow forecasts through to }
March 2025, and an assessment of any developments since that date that would adversely affect that conclusion.
Accordingly, the financial statements have been prepared on the going concern basis.

Directors of the company

The directors, who held office during the period, were as follows:
AA Smith

JG Bason (resigned 28 April 2023)

JL Edwards

EP Tonge (appointed 26 April 2023)

Directors' Indemnities
The directors have benefited from the Associated British Foods plc group Directors and Officers Insurance

policy.

Page 3

ABF Investments ple

Annual report and financial statements
16 September 2023

Registered number 00306672

Directors' Report for the Period from 18 September 2022 to 16 September 2023
(continued)

Health & Safety
The company, and the broader group of which it forms part, keeps its health, safety and environmental
performance and levels of legal compliance under regular review and ensures that its risk management controls

are appropriate and effective.

Disclosure of information to the auditor

Each director has taken steps that they ought to have taken as a director in order to make themselves aware of
any relevant audit information and to establish that the company's auditor is aware of that information. The
directors confirm that there is no relevant information that they know of and of which they know the auditor is

unaware.

Reappointment of auditor
The auditor Ernst & Young LLP is proposed to be reappointed under section 489(4)(a) of the Companies Act

2006.

46 Jan ] aa 24 ... and signed on its behalf by:

Approved by the Board on ..

JL Edwards

Director

Page 4

ABF Investments ple

Annual report and financial statements
16 September 2023

Registered number 00306672

Statement of Directors' Responsibilities

The directors acknowledge their responsibilities for preparing the Strategic Report, the Directors' Report and the
financial statements in accordance with applicable law and regulations.

Company law requires the directors to prepare financial statements for each financial year. Under that law the
directors have elected to prepare the financial statements in accordance with United Kingdom Accounting
Standards (United Kingdom Generally Accepted Accounting Practice), including FRS 101 ‘Reduced Disclosure
Framework! (‘FRS 101’).

Under company law the directors must not approve the financial statements unless they are satisfied that they
give a true and fair view of the state of affairs of the company and of the profit or loss of the company for that
period. In preparing these financial statements, the directors are required to:

+ select suitable accounting policies and apply them consistently;

+ make judgements and accounting estimates that are reasonable and prudent;

+ state whether FRS 101 has been followed, subject to any material departures disclosed and explained in the
financial statements; and.

+ prepare the financial statements on the going concern basis unless it is inappropriate to presume that the
company will continue in business.

The directors are responsible for keeping adequate accounting records that are sufficient to show and explain the

company's.transactions and disclose with reasonable accuracy at any time the financial position of the company

and enable them to ensure that the financial statements comply with the Companies Act 2006. They are also

responsible for safeguarding the assets of the company and hence for taking reasonable steps for the prévention

and detection of fraud and other irregularities.

Page 5

Independent Auditor's Report to the Members of ABF Investments ple

Opinion

We have audited the financial statements of ABF Investments plc (the 'Company’) for the period from 18
September 2022 to 16 September 2023, which comprise the Statement of Total Comprehensive Income, Balance
Sheet, Statement of Changes in Equity, and related notes | to 16, including a summary of significant accounting
policies. The financial reporting framework that has been applied in their preparation is applicable law and
United Kingdom Accounting Standards, including FRS 101 'Reduced Disclosure Framework’ (United Kingdom
Generally Accepted Accounting Practice).

In our opinion the financial statements:

+ give a true and fair view of the state of the Company's affairs as at 16 September 2023 and of its loss for the
period then ended;

+ have been properly prepared in accordance with United Kingdom Generally Accepted Accounting Practice;
and

+ have been prepared in accordance with the requirements of the Companies Act 2006.

Basis for opinion
We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (UK) (ISAs (UK)) and
applicable law. Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s responsibilities
for the audit of the financial statements section of our report. We are independent of the Company in accordance
with the ethical requirements that are relevant to our audit of the financial statements in the UK, including the
FRC’s Ethical Standard as applied to other entities of public interest, and we have fulfilled our other ethical
responsibilities in accordance with these requiréments.

We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our
opinion.

Conclusions relating to going concern

In auditing the financial statements, we have concluded that the directors’ use of the going concern basis of
accounting in the preparation of the financial statements is appropriate.

Based on the work we have performed, we have not identified any material uncertainties relating to events or
conditions that, individually or collectively, may cast significant doubt on the company’s ability to continue as a
going concern until 1 March 2025.

Our responsibilities and the responsibilities of the directors with respect to going concern are described in the
relevant sections of this report. However, because not all future events or conditions can be predicted, this
statement is not a guarantee as to the company’s ability to continue as a going concern.

Other information
The other information comprises the information included in the annual report, other than the financial
statements and our auditor’s report thereon. The directors are responsible for the other information contained

within the annual report.

Our opinion on the financial statements does not cover the other information and, except to the extent otherwise
explicitly stated in this report, we do not express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.

Our responsibility is to read the other information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is
materially inconsistent with the financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the course of the audit or
otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If we identify such material inconsistencies or apparent material
misstatements, we are required to determine whether this gives rise to a material misstatement in the financial
statements themselves. If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material
misstatement of the other information, we are required to report that fact.

We have nothing to report in this regard.

Page 6

Independent Auditor's Report to the Members of ABF Investments ple (continued)

Opinion on other matter prescribed by the Companies Act 2006
In our opinion, based on the work undertaken in the course of the audit:

+ the information given in the Strategic Report and Directors' Report for the financial period for which the
financial statements are prepared is consistent with the financial statements; and

+ the Strategic Report and Directors’ Report have been prepared in accordance with applicable legal
requirements.

Matters on which we are required to report by exception
In the light of our knowledge and understanding of the company and its environment obtained in the course of
the audit, we have not identified material misstatements in the Strategic Report and the Directors’ Report.

We have nothing to report in respect of the following matters in relation to which the Companies Act 2006
requires us to report to you if, in our opinion:

* adequate accounting records have not been kept or returns adequate for our audit have not been received
from branches not visited by us; or

+ the financial statements are not in agreement with the accounting records and returns; or
* certain disclosures of directors’ remuneration specified by law are not made; or

+ we have not received all the information and explanations we require for our audit.
Responsibilities of directors

As explained more fully in the Statement of Directors' Responsibilities set out on page 5, the directors are
responsible for the preparation of the financial statements and for being satisfied that they give a true and fair.
view, and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of financial
statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

In preparing the financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the Company's ability to
continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going
concern basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Company or to cease operations, or
have no realistic alternative but to do so.

Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole are free
from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our
opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in
accordance with ISAs (UK) will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise
from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be
expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these financial statements.

Explanation as to what extent the audit was considered capable of detecting irregularities, including
fraud

Irregularities, including fraud, are instances of non-compliance with laws and regulations. We design procedures
in line with our responsibilities, outlined above, to detect irregularities, including fraud. The risk of not detecting
a material misstatement due to fraud is higher than the risk of not detecting one resulting from error, as fraud
may involve deliberate concealment by, for example, forgery or intentional misrepresentations, or through
collusion. The extent to which our procedures are capable of detecting irregularities, including fraud is detailed
below. However, the primary responsibility for the prevention and detection of fraud rests with both those
charged with governance of the entity and management.

Page 7

Independent Auditor's Report to the Members of ABF Investments plc (continued)

Explanation as to what extent the audit was considered capable of detecting irregularities, including
fraud, continued.

+ We obtained an understanding of the legal and regulatory frameworks that are applicable to the company and
determined that the most significant are the reporting framework (FRS 101 “Reduced Disclosure
Framework” (United Kingdom Generally Accepted Accounting Practice), Companies Act 2006 and relevant
laws and regulations in the UK.

+ We understood how ABF Investments plc is complying with those frameworks by observing the oversight of
those charged with governance, the culture of honesty and ethical behaviour and whether a strong emphasis
is placed on fraud prevention, which may reduce opportunities for fraud to take place, and fraud deterrence,
which could persuade individuals not to commit fraud because of the likelihood of detection and
punishment. We corroborated our enquiries through reading board minutes and consideration of our audit
procedures across the company.

+ We assessed the susceptibility of the company’s financial statements to material misstatement, including
how fraud might occur by understanding which areas of the business present potential fraud risk areas
(through assessing the presence of opportunities, incentives or potential rationalisation to commit such acts
of fraud), understanding where these risks could present themselves and subsequently identifying the process
level controls in place to prevent, or detect and correct them. Combining this with our consideration of entity
level controls, which has evidenced management’s behaviour and the culture embedded within the
Company, we have gained a detailed understanding of the overall susceptibility to fraud.

* Based on this understanding we designed our audit procedures to identify noncompliance with such laws and
regulations. We performed detailed testing around manual journals for identified fraud risks, corroborating
transactions where necessary to underlying supporting documentation.

A further description of our responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements is located on the
Financial Reporting Council’s website at https://www.fic.org.uk/auditorsresponsibilities. This description forms
part of our auditor’s report.

Use of our report

This report is made solely to the company’s members, as a body, in accordance with Chapter 3 of Part 16 of the
Companies Act 2006. Our audit work has been undertaken so that we might state to the company’s members
those matters we are required to state to them in an auditor’s report and for no other purpose. To the fullest
extent permitted by law, we do not accept or assume responsibility to anyone other than the company and the
company’s members as a body, for our audit worl, for this report, or for the opinions we have formed.

‘DocuSigned by:

Est & Yours
Sw 32490 ADORGAEAE?...
Rachel Dockar (Senior Statutory Auditor)
For and on behalf of Ernst & Young LLP, Statutory Auditor
1 More London Place,
London,
United Kingdom,
SE1 2AF

2024
Date: 19 Janua

Page 8

ABF Investments ple

Annual report and financial statements
16 September 2023

Registered number 00306672

Statement of Total Comprehensive Income
Sor the Period from 18 September 2022 to 16 September 2023

2023 2022
Note im £m
Operating loss 6 (2) (1)
Investment income 5 - 493
Write down of investments 1S 124) (453)
(Loss)/Profit on ordinary activities before interest & taxation (126) 39
Interest payable 7 (48 (5)
(Loss)/profit on ordinary activities before taxation (174) 34
Tax on (loss)/profit on ordinary activities 8 i 2
(Loss)/Profit on ordinary activities after taxation (163) 36
Total comprehensive income 63), 86

There is no material difference between the company's results as reported and on an historical cost basis.
Accordingly no note of historic costs, profits and losses has been prepared.

The above results were derived from continuing operations.

The notes on pages 12 to 36 form an integral part of these financial statements.
Page 9

Balance Sheet
at 16 September 2023

Fixed assets
Investments in subsidiaries

Current assets
Debtors: amounts due within one year

Creditors: amounts falling due within one year

Net current liabilities

Total assets less current liabilities

Creditors: amounts falling due after more than one year
Provisions

Net assets

Capital and reserves
Called-up share capital
Share premium reserve
Capital contribution reserve
Profit and loss account

Shareholders' funds

Approved by the Board on ...

Cee.

JL Edwards
Director

Registered number: 00306672

The notes on pages 12 to 36 form an integral part of these financial statements.
Page 10

Note

15

10

ABF Investments ple
Annual report and financial statements

16 September 2023

Registered number 00306672

2023
£m

3,488

94
(1,732)
(1,638)

1,850
O)
(2)

1,847

578
371
283
615

1,847

.. and signed on its behalf by:

2022
im

3,517

84
589)

(505)
3,012

(2)
3,010

578
371
283
1,778

3,010