BETA Close X Associated British Foods plc has completed its acquisition of Hovis Group Limited from Endless LLP, combining it with Allied Bakeries to form Hovis Bakeries. This integration is expected to yield significant operational synergies and efficiencies, driving improved profitability and resilience, though it will be marginally dilutive to ABF's earnings in financial year 2027 before becoming accretive thereafter. The combined entity will focus on growing segments of the UK bakery market, including healthy options, and aims to revitalize brands through innovation and strengthen its direct-to-store network. Disclaimer* Associated British Foods PLC 08 July 2026 8 July 2026 ABF completes acquisition of Hovis Group Limited Associated British Foods plc ("ABF" or "the Group") today announces that it has completed its acquisition of Hovis Group Limited ("Hovis Group") from Endless LLP. The acquisition of Hovis Group and its combination with Allied Bakeries, the UK bakery business of ABF, will create a sustainably profitable UK bakeries business for the long term with an enhanced market position. The integration of the two businesses will commence shortly and is expected to deliver substantial operational synergies and efficiencies across production and distribution. These benefits will drive improved profitability, strengthen the resilience of the combined business and enable investment in brands and product innovation. The restructuring activity to realise these benefits will require upfront costs and will be executed efficiently and with care. We expect the acquisition to be marginally dilutive to ABF's earnings in financial year 2027 as these actions are undertaken, with the transaction becoming accretive thereafter. From today, Allied Bakeries and Hovis Group will operate as Hovis Bakeries, under the brand line 'Nourishing the Nation'. The business will invest in the segments of the UK bakery category that are growing as a result of changing consumer tastes and needs, including healthy options. George Weston, Chief Executive of Associated British Foods, said: "The completion of this transaction is a significant step towards the delivery of a profitable UK bread business. By combining our expertise, scale and capabilities with targeted investment into new product categories, this business can return to growth, provide greater consumer choice, serve our customers better than ever and so create value for shareholders. The transaction will support the wider UK economy, including by securing high-quality jobs. I am confident that our uniquely capable team have the right plans to build this business." Sarah Arrowsmith, Chief Executive of Hovis Bakeries, said: "This is an exciting opportunity to create a large and transformative UK bakery business. We will now begin the work of revitalising our brands through innovation, becoming the UK's best own-label bakery partner and strengthening our position as the bakery industry's route to market through our unique direct-to-store network." For further information please contact: Associated British Foods +44 20 7399 6545 Joana Edwards, Chief Financial Officer Lucinda Baker, Director of Investor Relations Joe Carberry, Director of Corporate Affairs FGS James Murgatroyd +44 7768 254 911 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Associated British Foods (ABF) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 day ago Savannah Energy 1 day ago Barclays 1 day ago Schroder Income Growth Fund 1 day ago Fuller Smith & Turner 1 day ago Land Securities Group All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and