BETA Close X Pollen Street Group Limited announced that Michael England transferred 52,941 ordinary shares of £0.01 each between brokerage accounts for nil consideration on 7 July 2026. This transaction did not change the beneficial ownership of the shares, and Michael England's total shareholding remains unchanged. Disclaimer* Pollen Street Group Limited 09 July 2026 9 July 2026 POLLEN STREET GROUP LIMITED (THE "COMPANY") Notification of Transactions by Persons Discharging Managerial Responsibilities ("PDMRs") and Connected Persons The Company was notified on 8 July 2026 that Michael England transferred 52,941 ordinary shares of £0.01 each in the Company between brokerage accounts for nil consideration. There has been no change in the beneficial ownership of the shares, and Michael's total shareholding remains unchanged. 1. Details of PDMR / person closely associated with them ("PCA") a) Name Michael England 2. Reason for the notification a) Position / status PDMR b) Initial notification / amendment Initial Notification 3. Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name Pollen Street Group Limited b) LEI 894500LP94M98N8CY487 4. Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument Ordinary Shares of £0.01p each ISIN: GG00BMHG0H12 b) Nature of the transaction Transfer of Ordinary Shares from one brokerage account to another for nil consideration with no change in the beneficial ownership. c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Nil Volume(s) 52,941 d) Aggregated information Aggregated volume Price N/A e) Date of the transaction 7 July 2026 f) Place of the transaction Outside of trading venue This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Pollen Street (POLN) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 22 minutes ago ProCook Group 1 hour ago Wizz Air Holdings 2 hours ago Roadside Real Estate 2 hours ago Aptamer Group 2 hours ago Norman Broadbent All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and