BETA Close X Pollen Street Group Limited announced that Lynn Fordham, Non-Executive Chair, has been appointed as a Non-Executive Director of Czechoslovak Group, effective from 23 January 2026, when Czechoslovak Group began trading on Euronext Amsterdam under ticker CSG. This change in directorship for a key executive may be of interest to investors monitoring leadership roles and potential conflicts or synergies. Disclaimer* Pollen Street Group Limited 26 January 2026 26 January 2026 Pollen Street Group Limited ("Pollen Street" or the "Company") Notification of a Change to a Director's Details In accordance with UKLR 6.4.9(R), Pollen Street advises the market that Lynn Fordham, Non-Executive Chair of the Company, has been appointed as a Non-Executive Director of Czechoslovak Group. This took effect from when Czechoslovak Group commenced trading on Euronext in Amsterdam on 23 January 2026 (ticker symbol: CSG). About Pollen Street Pollen Street is an alternative asset manager dedicated to investing within the financial and business services sectors across both Private Equity and Private Credit strategies. Founded in 2013, the Group has consistently delivered top-tier returns alongside growing AuM. Pollen Street operates through two complementary segments: the Asset Manager, which manages third-party AuM, and the Investment Company, which invests on balance sheet to generate attractive returns and accelerate AuM growth through alignment with investors. POLN is listed on the London Stock Exchange (ticker symbol: POLN) and is a member of the FTSE 250 index. Further details are available at www.pollenstreetgroup.com For further information or any enquiries about this announcement please contact: Pollen Street - Corporate Development Director Shweta Chugh +44 (0)20 3965 5081 Barclays Bank plc - Joint Broker Neal West / Stuart Muress +44 (0)20 7623 2323 Investec Bank plc - Joint Broker Ben Griffiths / Kamalini Hull +44 (0)20 7597 4000 FGS Global Chris Sibbald / Anna Tabor PollenStreetCapital-LON@fgsglobal.com MUFG Corporate Governance Limited Company Secretary POLNcosec@cm.mpms.mufg.com LEI 894500LP94M98N8CY487 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Pollen Street (POLN) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 8 hours ago RIT Capital Partners 8 hours ago Buccaneer Energy PLC 9 hours ago Oxford Nanopore Technologies 9 hours ago XP Factory 9 hours ago Genuit Group All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and