BETA Close X Pollen Street Group Limited announced that its CEO and CFO will present the company's Final Results via Investor Meet Company on April 24, 2026, at 14:00 BST, open to all shareholders. Investors can submit questions by April 23, 2026, 09:00 BST, or during the live presentation. The company, an alternative asset manager focused on financial and business services, manages third-party assets and makes on-balance sheet investments, with its portfolio currently weighted towards credit but expected to increase private equity allocation to 30 percent long-term. Disclaimer* Pollen Street Group Limited 16 April 2026 16 April 2026 Investor Presentation via Investor Meet Company POLLEN STREET GROUP LIMITED is pleased to announce that Lindsey McMurray, CEO and Crispin Goldsmith, CFO will provide a live presentation relating to the Final Results via Investor Meet Company on 24 Apr 2026, 14:00 BST. The presentation is open to all existing and potential shareholders. Questions can be submitted pre-event via your Investor Meet Company dashboard up until 23 Apr 2026, 09:00 BST, or at any time during the live presentation. Investors can sign up to Investor Meet Company for free and add to meet POLLEN STREET GROUP LIMITED via: https://www.investormeetcompany.com/pollen-street-group-limited/register-investor Investors who already follow POLLEN STREET GROUP LIMITED on the Investor Meet Company platform will automatically be invited. About Pollen Street Group Limited Pollen Street is an alternative asset manager dedicated to investing within the financial and business services sectors across both Private Equity and Private Credit strategies. The business was founded in 2013 and has consistently delivered top tier returns alongside growing AuM. Pollen Street benefits from a complementary set of asset management activities focused on managing third-party AuM (the "Asset Manager") together with on-balance sheet investments (the "Investment Company"). The Asset Manager raises capital from high quality investors and deploys it into its Private Equity and Private Credit strategies. The strong recurring revenues from this business enable delivery of scalable growth. The Investment Company invests in the strategies of the group delivering attractive risk adjusted returns and accelerating growth in third-party AuM of the Asset Manager through investing in Pollen Street funds, taking advantage of attractive investment opportunities and aligning interest with our investors to grow AuM. Today the portfolio is largely invested in credit assets with the allocation to Private Equity expected to increase to 30 per cent in the long term. The portfolio consists of both direct investments and investments in funds managed by Pollen Street. POLN is listed on the London Stock Exchange (ticker symbol: POLN) and is a member of the FTSE 250 index. Further details are available at www.pollenstreetgroup.com . Pollen Street - Corporate Development Director Shweta Chugh +44 (0)20 3965 5081 Barclays Bank plc - Joint Broker Neal West / Stuart Muress +44 (0)20 7623 2323 Investec Bank plc - Joint Broker Ben Griffiths / Kamalini Hull +44 (0)20 7597 4000 FGS Global Chris Sibbald / Anna Tabor PollenStreetCapital-LON@fgsglobal.com MUFG Corporate Governance Limited - Company Secretary POLNcosec@cm.mpms.mufg.com LEI - 894500LP94M98N8CY487 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Pollen Street (POLN) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 21 minutes ago ProCook Group 1 hour ago Wizz Air Holdings 2 hours ago Roadside Real Estate 2 hours ago Aptamer Group 2 hours ago Norman Broadbent All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and