Crispin Goldsmith joins Pollen Street as CFO Pollen Street Group Limited 13 January 2025 13 January 2025 Pollen Street Group Limited ("Pollen Street Group" or the "Company") Crispin Goldsmith joins Pollen Street as Chief Financial Officer 13 January 2025: Pollen Street Group Limited, the purpose-led alternative asset manager, announces that Crispin Goldsmith has joined the Company as its new Chief Financial Officer and will be a member of the Company's Executive Committee. Crispin joins Pollen Street with a breadth of experience as a public company CFO, private equity investor and from corporate finance advisory. Most recently, Crispin served as Group CFO and Chief Strategy Officer at eEnergy Group Plc for four years, helping the company to substantially increase revenues through strong organic growth and strategic acquisitions. Prior to this, Crispin was Group Strategy and Corporate Development Director at Dixons Carphone Plc, having previously been an Investment Director at private equity business Duke Street. Earlier in his career, Crispin was a Director of the Royal Bank of Scotland's Special Opportunities Fund where he worked with several members of the leadership team, helping manage a £1.1bn fund targeting structured equity investments in European and North American companies. Lindsey McMurray, Chief Executive Officer, commented: "We are delighted to welcome Crispin to Pollen Street as our new Chief Financial Officer; his experience will be invaluable in this role. Crispin is well known to me and several members of our leadership team as we have worked together previously. We know that he will hit the ground running, which will be critical as we continue to deliver our strategy and growth plans. I look forward to working with him." For further information about this announcement please contact: Pollen Street Group Limited Corporate Development Director Shweta.Chugh@pollencap.com +44 (0) 7813 58 1377 Link Company Matters Limited Company Secretary Polncosec@linkgroup.co.uk FGS Global Communications Advisor Chris.sibbald@fgsglobal.com +44 (0) 7855 95 5531 Barclays Bank plc Joint broker Neal West / Stuart Muress +44 (0) 20 7623 2323 Investec Bank plc Joint broker Ben Griffiths / Kamalini Hull +44 (0) 20 7597 4000 LEI: 894500LP94M98N8CY487 About Pollen Street Group Limited Pollen Street is an alternative asset manager dedicated to investing within the financial and business services sectors across both Private Equity and Private Credit strategies. The business was founded in 2013 and has consistently delivered top tier returns alongside growing AuM. Pollen Street benefits from a complementary set of asset management activities focused on managing third-party AuM (the "Asset Manager") together with on-balance sheet investments (the "Investment Company"). The Asset Manager raises capital from high quality investors and deploys it into its Private Equity and Private Credit strategies. The strong recurring revenues from this business enable delivery of scalable growth. The Investment Company invests in the strategies of the group delivering attractive risk adjusted returns and accelerating growth in third-party AuM of the Asset Manager through investing in Pollen Street funds, taking advantage of attractive investment opportunities and aligning interest with our investors to grow AuM. Today the portfolio is largely invested in credit assets with the allocation to Private Equity expect to increase to 30 per cent in the long term. The portfolio consists of both direct investments and investments in funds managed by Pollen Street. POLN is listed on the London Stock Exchange (ticker symbol: POLN). Further details are available at www.pollenstreetgroup.com . This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Pollen Street (POLN) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 day ago Bango 1 day ago Sequoia Economic Infrastructure Income Fund Limited 1 day ago Staffline Group 1 day ago PureTech Health 1 day ago Vesuvius All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and