BETA Close X Pollen Street Group Limited announced that on May 8, 2026, Crispin Goldsmith, the Chief Financial Officer and a Person Discharging Managerial Responsibilities, acquired 7 ordinary shares at £8.4976 per share through the company's Dividend Reinvestment Plan and Share Incentive Plan. Following this transaction, Mr. Goldsmith now holds a total of 8,426 ordinary shares in the company. Disclaimer* Pollen Street Group Limited 11 May 2026 Pollen Street Group Limited (the Company) PDMR Notification Pollen Street Dividend Reinvestment Plan Notification and public disclosure of transactions by persons discharging managerial responsibilities and persons closely associated with them The Company was notified on 11 May 2026 that, on 8 May 2026, the SIP trustees (MUFG Corporate Markets Trustees (UK) Limited), acting on behalf of Mr Crispin Goldsmith, a Person Discharging Managerial Responsibilities ("PDMR") of Pollen Street Group Limited, acquired 7 ordinary shares of £0.01 each in the Company at a price of £8.4976 per share. The acquisition was made as a result of Mr Goldsmith's participation in the Company's Dividend Reinvestment Plan ("DRIP") and was effected under the Pollen Street Share Incentive Plan ("SIP"). Following the transaction, Mr Goldsmith holds a total of 8,426 ordinary shares in the Company. This announcement is made pursuant to the Company's obligations under Article 19(3) of the UK Market Abuse Regulation. Crispin Goldsmith - purchase of shares under the DRIP 1. Details of person discharging managerial responsibilities/person closely associated with them a) Name Crispin Goldsmith 2. Reason for the notification a) Position / status Chief Financial Officer b) Initial notification / amendment Initial notification 3. Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name Pollen Street Group Limited b) LEI 894500LP94M98N8CY487 4. Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument Ordinary shares of £0.01 each Identification Code ISIN: GG00BMHG0H12 b) Nature of the transaction Acquisition of Shares under the DRIP within the Company's SIP c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) 849.76p 7 d) Aggregated information - Aggregated volume - Aggregated price 7 shares £59.4832 e) Date of the transaction 8 May 2026 f) Place of the transaction London Stock Exchange (XLON) For further information about this announcement please contact: Pollen Street - Corporate Development Director - Shweta Chugh - +44 (0)20 3965 5081 Barclays Bank plc - Joint Broker- Neal West - +44 (0)20 7623 2323 Investec Bank plc - Joint Broker - Ben Griffiths / Kamalini Hull - +44 (0)20 7597 4000 FGS Global - Chris Sibbald / Anna Tabor - PollenStreetCapital-LON@fgsglobal.com MUFG Corporate Governance Limited - Company Secretary - POLNcosec@cm.mpms.mufg.com 11 May 2026 LEI: 894500LP94M98N8CY487 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Pollen Street (POLN) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 22 minutes ago ProCook Group 1 hour ago Wizz Air Holdings 2 hours ago Roadside Real Estate 2 hours ago Aptamer Group 2 hours ago Norman Broadbent All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and