BETA Close X Pollen Street Group Limited reported a strong first quarter for 2026, with total Assets Under Management (AuM) increasing by £1.1 billion to £8.2 billion as of March 31, 2026, driven by successful fundraising for Private Credit IV. Fee-paying AuM also grew by £0.2 billion to £5.4 billion, with Private Credit fee-paying AuM reaching £2.3 billion following net deployment. The Private Credit IV fund subsequently closed in April at £2.5 billion, exceeding its target and bringing total AuM to £8.4 billion. The company maintained its full-year Net Investment Return expectations for the Investment Company despite volatile market conditions. Disclaimer* Pollen Street Group Limited 07 May 2026 7 May 2026 Pollen Street Group Limited: Q1 2026 Trading Update Pollen Street Group Limited ("Pollen Street", together with its subsidiaries, the "Group") is pleased to publish its trading update for the quarter ended 31 March 2026. Total AuM · Total AuM increased by £1.1 billion during the quarter, to £8.2 billion as of 31 March 2026 reflecting strong fundraising in Private Credit IV ahead of its final close. · Total AuM as of 31 March 2026 comprised £4.2 billion in Private Equity and £4.0 billion in Private Credit. · Private Credit IV held its final close in April at £2.5 billion, significantly exceeding the initial target. Following the final close, total AuM stood at £8.4 billion. Fee-Paying AuM · Fee-paying AuM ("FP AuM") increased £0.2 billion to £5.4 billion as of 31 March 2026. · Private Equity FP AuM remained at £3.1 billion and Private Credit FP AuM grew to £2.3 billion, reflecting £0.2 billion of net deployment during the period. · At the quarter end, the Group had £1.7 billion of undeployed committed capital across Private Credit funds, which will become fee-paying as it is deployed over time. Full year FY26 expectations for Net Investment Return for the Investment Company remain unchanged, notwithstanding volatile market conditions during the quarter. About Pollen Street Pollen Street is an alternative asset manager dedicated to investing within the financial and business services sectors across both Private Equity and Private Credit strategies. The business was founded in 2013 and has consistently delivered top tier returns alongside growing AuM. Pollen Street benefits from a complementary set of asset management activities focused on managing third-party AuM (the "Asset Manager") together with on-balance sheet investments (the "Investment Company"). The Asset Manager raises capital from high quality investors and deploys it into its Private Equity and Private Credit strategies. The strong recurring revenues from this business enable delivery of scalable growth. The Investment Company invests in the strategies of the group delivering attractive risk adjusted returns and accelerating growth in third-party AuM of the Asset Manager through investing in Pollen Street funds, taking advantage of attractive investment opportunities and aligning interest with our investors to grow AuM. Today the portfolio is largely invested in credit assets with the allocation to Private Equity expected to increase to 30 per cent in the long term. The portfolio consists of both direct investments and investments in funds managed by Pollen Street. POLN is listed on the London Stock Exchange (ticker symbol: POLN) and is a member of the FTSE 250 index. Further details are available at www.pollenstreetgroup.com . For further information about this announcement please contact: Pollen Street - Corporate Development Director Shweta Chugh +44 (0)20 3965 5081 Barclays Bank plc - Joint Broker Neal West +44 (0)20 7623 2323 Investec Bank plc - Joint Broker Ben Griffiths / Kamalini Hull +44 (0)20 7597 4000 FGS Global Chris Sibbald / Anna Tabor PollenStreetCapital-LON@fgsglobal.com LEI: 894500LP94M98N8CY487 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Pollen Street (POLN) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 8 hours ago RIT Capital Partners 8 hours ago Buccaneer Energy PLC 9 hours ago Oxford Nanopore Technologies 9 hours ago XP Factory 9 hours ago Genuit Group All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and