BETA Close X Lindsey McMurray, CEO of Pollen Street Group Limited, has notified the company of a transaction involving 300,000 ordinary shares of 1p each, transferred off-exchange on January 29, 2026, into a Donor Advised Fund known as The Villon Family Foundation. This transfer was conducted through The National Philanthropic Trust UK Limited and did not involve a specific price per share as it was a donation. Disclaimer* Pollen Street Group Limited 02 February 2026 2 February 2026 Pollen Street Group Limited Director/PDMR Dealing Notification and public disclosure of transactions by persons discharging managerial responsibilities and persons closely associated with them. 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / person closely associated a) Name Lindsey McMurray 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/status PDMR / CEO b) Initial notification /Amendment Initial notification 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name Pollen Street Group Limited b) LEI 894500LP94M98N8CY487 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Ordinary shares of 1p each ISIN: GG00BMHG0H12 b) Nature of the transaction Transfer of shares into a Donor Advised Fund (The Villon Family Foundation) operated by The National Philanthropic Trust UK Limited. c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) N/A 300,000 d) Aggregated information - Aggregated volume - Price N/A e) Date of the transaction 29 January 2026 f) Place of the transaction Off exchange (XOFF). Enquiries: For further information about this announcement please contact: Pollen Street Shareholder Relations: shareholders@pollencap.com / +44 (0)20 3728 6750 Pollen Street - Corporate Development Director Shweta Chugh +44 (0)20 3965 5081 Barclays Bank plc - Joint Broker Neal West / Stuart Muress +44 (0)20 7623 2323 Investec Bank plc - Joint Broker Ben Griffiths / Kamalini Hull +44 (0)20 7597 4000 FGS Global Chris Sibbald / Anna Tabor PollenStreetCapital-LON@fgsglobal.com MUFG Corporate Governance Limited Company Secretary POLNcosec@cm.mpms.mufg.com This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Pollen Street (POLN) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 22 minutes ago ProCook Group 1 hour ago Wizz Air Holdings 2 hours ago Roadside Real Estate 2 hours ago Aptamer Group 2 hours ago Norman Broadbent All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and