Ss POLLEN ANNUAL REPORT
& ACCOUNTS

Company Number: 09899024

th

*AC63SR96*

uni

COMPANIES HOUSE

TUESDAY

FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022

TABLE OF CONTENTS

1 Strategic Report 4
Pollen Street ata glance 5
CChairmar’s statement ‘
EO report 8
Private Equity strategy n
rei strategy 1
FO report 18
Environmental, Social 6 Governance 30
Business review a
Risk management 6 principal risks and uncertainties ss

2. Directors’ Report 64
Board of Directors 6s
Stotutory information n
Corporate governance statement 7
Report ofthe Audit Commit 28
Report ofthe Risk Committee o
Report ofthe Nomination Committee %6
Directors Remuneration Report 8
Annu report on remuneration 1os
Stotement of Directors responsibities in respect m
of the financial statements
Independent auditors report tothe members of Pollen Street ple na

3. Financial Statements 126
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income a
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position, 128
‘Company Statement of Financial Position ne
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Shareholders’ Funds 130
‘Company Statement of Changes in Shareholders’ Funds a
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows a2
‘Company Statement of Cash Flows 13
‘Notes to the Financial Statements 134

4. Shareholders’ Information 208

5. Definitions and Reconciliation to 212

Alternative Performance Measures

oree a egy

Ol.

il

|

|

POLLEN STREET
AT AGLANCE

Polen See the “Carpary)sa atomethe 35:
set manager casio’ oresing win ie nari
and busines savices sectors acioss both Prive
Ezuty and Piva Cre saioges. The bushes was
‘eurcedin 2013 ches consent ever op ter
fetus alongside growing assats under maragenert
(au The buses had CA bin nA a 3
Decerne 2022.93 parc per anemone he
wo yours.

Polen Steet banefits rom a camper sot

2st0t management activtes cused on manag gp

the-paty Aut the Assot Manage” ogee with
‘r-balanceshostiveimen's ne asin Com:
paw

Te nvesimentCorpary porto is well dered
‘0 ocused on senor aksl-baved cect lence
‘uesinants. Than evesiens get lable igh

Key FIGURES

come uns together win song exo proserva
ton The

> vesiment Tus pe scaring 100 per
sar capt ol Poten Sree Capt Ha
a wth ny ave shares fhe Coming
ane coniration Ae suche frat sales
‘ry ncorporale Pol Set Capt Hakdngs Lined
30 Spionber 202, he pain a whic becare
‘othe Company The combines acu

104 Pen Sto le ad ogee wih ts
roe 1. he “Grows ox “Palen

Assets under
‘management (AuM")

£3.4..

Growth in Credit Aum!

36%

‘Statutory opereting profit!

£27.3.,

£368. 8.0% £30,

Robert Sharpe
Chairman

"2022 has been a transformative
year for Pollen Street with the
completion of the combination

of Pollen Street Capital Holdings
Limited and Honeycomb
Investment Trust plc to form Pollen
Street.”

CHAIRMAN’S

STATEMENT

Welcome 1 the Anawal Report ond Accounts toe
Pollen Seo, which covers the yer encing 31
December 2022

ASUCCESSFULYEAR OF CHANGE
2022 was a wanslrmative yea lor us wth Poton
Street Captal Holdings Linted and Heneycom’
Iruesunert Tt le cabin to om Peon Steet.

ln February 2022, we announced the proposed
Combination o accelerate gromn and roc vale
{oc sarees by being ogee he canes
‘bushass maces oncone ad gow o rove 2
a trace ropostin19 mesos

‘The Combination was s1ongly euppories by
‘Shaeeliers and completed on 30 September 2022.

‘Over the year, tho rationale tor the Combination
ros heen rinlorce. Polen Stoel continues 19
ever reuns dnd row RM, deepilea chateging
‘macro evronment, nd te investment pod
‘has contin to dabver robust tacive returns
‘esnensating he restence he seas.

‘Onna Asset Manages, ne focus othe yeahs
‘been on rowing AuM, secicaly vn the Cre
retegy Poten Sweet pc has increased ret AMA
{£1 bilon~ 3.6 per cmt insease on pri eos ~
wan capa sedi tsp Cred and separatey
‘managed accounts SMAS"). The Private Eauly
buses was ntact orang 2022 whist
fagsip Pate Equity V's beng deployed, nowever
{00d poess ha Boen made lonards he ach ol
agin Pate Ecuity Vin 2025,

‘Te esimont Company has continued perorm
consent nine i tore eck cor, lh
‘Not Investment Asst Return of 8.0 per cont per

Polen Sret declared cvdends of £20 millon or
2022, an increase of £2 mitlon om the prion yar
(B02: £28 milo. Tis wasin ne wih the Boar's
‘vided targets previously issued. These figures
rellect a quately dividend ot 20.0p pars

‘in cespecto he thao the yea ir to the
‘Combination. and 16.09 pe shar in respect of the
score alt ta yar

We target dons £32 malo lr 2023, nc
to gw dienes progesshet, ea. retocing
the song earings trajeciory ofthe combines
‘business. The Group targets a dvgend that i no
tower tan £39 min 2020,

SHAREHOLDER PROPOSALS
In the kel pushed in May 2022, the Boars
_Bmo.nced sn nenton opt toward 8 proposal to
shureclders orth atatlanment of 8 Sates por
tothe 2023 AGM. Those shes woul be 8% pat
ce shaves wi ecours ote cape end income
‘dete ton repressive peporion ol the ct
ortoto, wih ant asset valu o! vp to £50 mon
‘Gwen tn changad market envionment, Use Board
as conaied wih shrereges Bolo progressing
‘he propos and based upon iat constaon.
"he Board does not betewe suet sharehouars
‘would suppor it and 9 sven Ihe Board doesnot
‘ero prs hs ater ete,

However te Dvcirs intend io pul rw 20p08-
‘Hs 1o srrenoue’s onset 9 Guernsey company
38 ae compony lor the Group and 10 ehange
the Companys sing classicaiono be a commes-
‘ca company. As sucn the Company woud conse
1a nave investment ust staus. A Gener! Meatig
vibe convene to concer the proposals. The Dr
‘eclorsbviee hal the new copra sce will
eter eect he Grou’ operations 3s 8 commerce
‘etepice and ata Casscaton asa commercial
‘company wou broaden the ures of poten
‘evesos, movove the markedly ana iqscy of
Polen Steers shares and bing the Hsing classi
‘aon ne wih Paton Suess ated pee oun.

The Bom i ino o the Secornect between he
share pce andthe undamental va ofthe Goup.
The Bose continues to discuss ts mtr wih ad-

vir rd anette However he Goupemains
loaused on doer substan gown he us
ness och Rehr nee in Pollen Sree raves

ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND.
GOVERNANCE ("ESC")

SG ie cove to Poten Sires s-segy. purpose
‘and cute, ond our ESG wromawark aligns othe
LUN Susianabe Development Goss SOG. Over
the year progress has been made in embedcng 3
Proprietary ESG scoring mechanism

‘The data wo cote and roprtay sexing
‘mechanism enabae uso

‘+ moasir ou moa more consistent

+ ack progess gains gets

+ crete eave abies and

+ seta base eel tnprovernt pans porto
companies and inesimens acossou sages.

ACAUTIOUS BUT ENERGISED OUTLOOK
‘We costly manor the impact heme charging
‘macioeconome envionmnt, Rowover ou ste
(ges conve o demonstrate svengh and reste
ing ce ptds ad ae wel poston or the
corer anate

We ae coninvousy bing investor eltionsns
‘and AUM across the Asset Manager in Ene with
(9x mechan im gudanes. The Ivesimant Com
any assets are wel positioned and sincture to
withstand sigiican macro stress. Curent market
namics 0 bg competing inesurant e000"
ups whi we approach wath Care ane selec

vert, we placed wie franc ess and
wea exctad as we move io 2023. Ou competing
combination of barca sheet capil and deep ast
‘management expertise postion us to deliver the
(gon wohove pemisad ane rake

| wou ke o thank the management ea othe

hard work 08 pat the comonid Group ok
‘erward to working wih te eam going warts

Robert Sharpe

chaman
22 Maseh 2023

ss trgu nts std ca 9 eas an Perm oe eed ote
Some nanohole cringe nee

ing se

Lindsey MeMurray
Chief Executive Officer

CEO
REPORT

[A Palen Siret we recognise the importance of
‘inncil services providing exielinastretore
‘0085 he rani costa, We lock 0 werk wth
‘shes ta sek gow by taking market she
and to bud te next gonaraion ot ears ass the
‘ctor and as stewar of capa we re coos of
‘ur esponeity oes! wit cae, one of ou cove
ates,

Since our inception in 2013, we have bull an
retsonaaatvtuve fr Polen Stl a by 2
‘common purpose an values We accelerated hs
172022 completing the comtsnaton of Horeyeon>
‘western! Tust pt and Polen Sees Canta Hotings
Utes to create Pte Sree, 2 iterentotes and
ose od atensive asst manager

“Pollen Street offers a unique
‘combination of high quality. stabl
and growth of long term recurring fee
income. The Group benefits from a
‘complementary and synergistic set of
asset management activities focused on
‘managing third party AUM and on-balance
‘sheet investment

UNIQUE ADVANTAGES OF THE
‘COMBINATION

Polen Siretofrs a unique combination of ih
‘qualiy stable income and grow of ong-teun
recurring le income, The Grovp beni from
‘2 complementary and synergistic et of asset
‘management ste locused on managing thd
party assets under management, relered to as
‘AuM ihe “Asst Manager’) and on-balance sheet
‘evasiments the vesimant Company’ signed 19
{he Company’ mesinen! sratagies

‘The Asset Manager provides exoosure to high
‘margin. capil ight curing revenue sears. The
Invesiment Company portato gunerates stable
retune roughinvesimentin igh cay, Svs,
towrik ass based ec end et oss.

‘The Combination allows Polen Steet erable
business growth by deploying our Ivesiment
‘Company capa accelate the growth in hi
Day AM trough helping 10 scale ising nds
2nd s000 new sates

‘As apurpose ed asset manages Palen Sia it
commited 0 dalvaring sustainable growth ana
consist turns lor our sharehoters and private
‘estos sengade pose mpsct or ow neon,
porto companies and wie sacety.

DELIVERING STRONG PERFORMANCE
nous ena Repo ard coun at combined
businoss | am pleased to repr that Poon Steet
<alvered strong perormance in 2022. The Gown
‘contied is rack record of consistent davery,
‘whic is particulary pleasing agains a backoro
of increasingly uncerain econamie conations:
‘eseasing ou Ad Wo 3.4 bllon and manag
‘momentum in dopojrent vo row vestments.

Despite the more changing macro eon
re1us sess alld manoged by the Grove,
incising the nvestnert Company have been song
seu re wan gle reach sate.

Ts song ova petrmance canes he angle
torte bringing togeter of Pollen Seo! Capt
Holdings Linited and Honeycomb Investment
Thus ple, a8 we demonstrate the combination Has
fennanced the excellent wark of aur tains. We
canine to row ata seady and sustsnatle pace
ita song plato or he hae,

‘OURASSET MANAGER BUSINESS.
Potlen Sires was founded to provce capt 10
bosinesses wet posioned to bene rom Dw huge
‘irctural changes nth fancial ecosystem. We
invest aignd wih megationds ha ive tcl
and echnoogial change across the ndusty and
we nave bl experi tha ents uso identity and
charpeon busses that can der conan and
staat ovens an rot game,

We work wih apie aninnovaive isha dear
high cual prods ad sevice othe cxsiomors
‘and help enable marketshare gain and postive
ctange

We support ou businesses wih The Hu. The
bis ou poner eco-system: a dedicated tam
responsi or oring lechnology development,

‘los parfoemance an wha wo Dove tobe Bes!
actos aco ou pre n toh Pre Eat ad
(eas. The core princi of ur Hu ie 2 cure of
conthuousirerovemert. We hee a team ol exerts
and avers wo can suppor ox pote on dig
lwansfermation, cloud-based IT, gta marketing
wctnoagy seably, dtaied rockets and ESS.

[APRIVATE EQUITY STRATEGY BUILDING.
[NEXT GENERATION MARKET LEADERS

ln Private Eau, wo 800k Io wos! and build the
ext generation of leaders across tne tnancial
ec0-syslom. We work closely wih our polo
Companies and thei cams to implement our
esiblshod playbook to seceloate multe routes
to gowh, We buts on he so foundations o or
portoto companss 1 create cusiomer-contie
alacven orgerisaions that can become market
leoaers. We nave seen song geromance across.
‘he Privat Equiy portoto, which has proven to
‘be extemal een! and adeptne Lote changing
‘urcecape

‘OUR MACRO-RESILIENT CREDIT STRATEGY
In Credit. we parner wih high-quality non-bank
lenders. teeheology companies, ne other mi
‘market companis with verse ponte of cash
Generative assets, fering something Deter to
‘hele customers. Our cre fies ae typically
(na Senor SSse-sacwed basis - where we Lao
rect secury ove the eas Now prodveing sets
together with sactional corporate secur. We
Delve tis isan underpenetated non-coxreaiod
‘evesiman sategy wih a huge market cpporuniy
se proves atvacine eve vave when coma
with pubic or private comparable wancactions
longi song downleprotecton.

Wie recognise tne chalenging macro envicnment
‘and across our strategies wo are seving ne
‘lsocaton inne marke presenting eppodunties
‘We are deptoying a highly salactive approach,
but moving wth conviction where we see good
‘orktes wi avacine characte

FUNDRAISING MOMENTUM
The hnerasing market was more challenging over
2022 andro 2023 wit many managers wepeting
that Kee is were eller smal than expecied
‘cor thing ger o complet,

‘we manat ha been tsa bythe "Senator
tect where declines in esters pubic porto

tg eg,

valuations have led la lower allocations of new
‘capita o the sectox. With this backorop, we
continue to bus and deepen our engagement wih
long term pariners ane remain cotgen! et we
wi continue our mamentumin Al growth, Polen
Stet nas devered 38 percent growin in AuM in
the Crit busines 10 £1. ion i 2022. 1 2023.
‘we expec! continued momentum fr unaralsng in
‘Cre, wih he fra ose of Cre I expected in
(02 2023 and turner growth nthe SMAS. On our
Private Equity side, our cove locus in 2022 has
been in ayng the foundations or a successiul
launch of tasty Private EauilyV Flgship vata
auy is approaching hi aptoyment wl 78 per
cant of the und commit io vestments 3t 31
December 2022 The ies ose of talip Private
Equity Vis expected obrng 2028,

INVESTMENT COMPANY STABLE DELIVERY
Thotesinent Company has £888 nilen porto.
We hove naintained a tack wood ol patomance
\twoughout ine year and detvered Net Imestment
Asso Retnol8 Operconper run. doresraing
consent nd tus potomence deepen nore
‘calengng manceccnanicbacaion.

‘eco to ue the hnestnent Company's balance
eet to seed assets or unds orgnated under
‘our Asset Manager srsteges, We bueve that is
approach wl hp to accelerate he lich ot new
strategies and grow AuM. To date the Imesient
Company hs corned ove C50 ion azosstvee
‘four vetices. We expect his 0 gow nthe to
hap accelerate the growth o the Asse Manage
Honever we rnc o mahi he sor ek pre
and the stability of the rts of he tnvestment
‘Company by Siig ihe nonredtimesimens to be
‘po ore han 10 par contol he mesiment ptt.

ASUSTAINABLE APPROACH TO ESG
Pollen Steet is committed to maintaining and
‘ernareng out focus on atons that genera posinve
impact for or inesors. peri. pontolocomparies
se wider So rhe 10 Ou puepo%e.

Sustanatyi oy to our iewestmentsategy ae
‘our goals include nbn pote companies each

carbon navy: ot drerstyandincsio apes:
nd promote ie strongest possible governance
onda

‘We are proud that our Resoonsible Investing
approach has been recognised as a leader by
Capital Finance itratonal FT) othe rd year
running, and our approach o Overs. Eaviy and
Inclusion "DEF hasbeen recognised by awards
tom Flan

Wo aso recent ied the Soci! Mbit Pledge.
commuting to euvesch, access ond recatinent.
“Tere ae curenity over 700 onarisins red wp
ser08s De UK,

‘Alongside continuing 1o strenginen our ESC
programe and foundation, our locus tor ESG in
2023 eludes te lotowing woe:

+ Sustanble value creation: Algring ESG exteia
{o stage business verso civ engagement
‘nd parormance

+ Climate & Not 210: Working across ine portoko
10 develop rat 280 commimenis and salegis
and strengthen processes to beter undostand
nirpacis oleate change. ate whe Tsk
Force lr Chmata elated Financial Disclosures
croro7.

+ Data poring exetence: Using aeparing ad
scoring fomawerk to rank end compare patito
investments, on to ideily improvements:
Continue to address evolving cegulations on
ansbily dscosues.

‘ARESILIENT OUTLOOK:
‘OPPORTUNITIES AHEAD

‘Our business is we positioned to ive long-term
‘xgae roman. Our cove sales ace pertonnngy
wall nd ae proving to be restent fo the changed
macroeconomic enorme ovr 2022.

hoy pers ty 2023:
+ conse to buld At soady in Crt.
+ 1 clas of fogs Piva Eat V,

+ maintaining ou wack recor of deployment and
petomance acess segs inc sabe
‘resto chars he tesment Company

+ bulking cross product eaonsin wih step
veo no

+ eeverg coesionallerage ough ou plo,
25 wa come to own Aut

Looking back over a succassh and ransionmaive
year hank our investor for thee support my
otaagues lr al tha hard work and deca:
and the Board for its gids. bok onward othe
‘cpponunties and gown ahead as we work ogee:
{0 dhe fo curewesters nd raanades

Lndsey MeMurray
Chit Exscuve Otcer
22 Mawen 2029

eng a6

»

» Michael England
Partner

“A successful year for our
Private Equity funds,
delivering returns and
sustainable growth for our
investors and stakeholders”

PRIVATE EQUITY

STRATEGY

This section gives insight into the salagy or our
Private Equty funds. The Group ears fees kom
manegig inves

KEY HIGHLIGHTS OF THE STRATEGY ARE.

‘+ Buldingrext goreraon leaders ier theEuepe-
an franca ecosystem :

1+ Song vac eco win 3.0e goss ons ans
roots!

*+ Sector speci krawldge a proven opera-
{oral tanewor to acouerae reserve oc 0
gown

As a nancial services speci we se sgiicant
\itespace in our sector which sewves 38 ciel
Inrasrucige 1o the aconoty. We operate wound
mogavends ha rive stucival and tecmclogcal

cenange and markel share gai for mid-market

(Our sratogy has been in plsce since 2008 and
‘hasbeen tested thvough many market cycles
Tivoughout ts poviod, we have developed 9
‘bust ard dscipined approach wo investing as
‘evidenced by our song rack record overlie.
We identty companies et can vive ines of
_sretualchangesin einai by dlnerng gh
quakty orodues an serves to tae customers
This experience has gion us valuable sis and
n understanding of ks and oppoctniies
he marke, Uimatly we Delve nat change
erates opportunity for market share gain and our
‘stegys bul around captatsing on iso buts
‘busses thal ae nest gona nacre

keystounes

Strategy in place £1.8bn AUM Realised returns

for 17 years since inception of
3.0x gross’, zero
loss ratio*

(Our Potion Siroetporiolo is made vp of bus
nesses with sustainable row a he ore. This
‘encompsstes our rive lorbath lang term stan

able pelormance and o help he busingsses we
work wih dvr postive wp or ha peoDe

sakeholirs and wider sci.

HOW IT WORKS: CLEAR OPPORTUNITY

‘SET AND ESTABLISHED PLAYBOOK
COurinvesimen’ sretogylousas ona ren cpponunty
sel win ha verse sub-sectors, where we tok 10
‘coniy ro ke hemes Wat erve growth

+ Payments

+ Wea

+ Inswaree

+ Tecrnology enabled sevens: ae

+ Lend.

(Ou tnomati rignation popes a pales o as
rowing, ecrnatgy enabled bushasse wah S03
foundations lor us o hep crate customerconic
ta crien oxpaniatons who can become market
sess,

iin these thematic ivestment theses, we sek
10 are gown ous our estas operand
traeore wc Bu upon toe kay ps

+ Teetalgy norton snd gal vandlarmaton
+ Buy bulla consist: and

+ Glvatsaon ane prooketdevetoprent

2022 - DRIVING GROWTH AND CHANGE.

2022 was success yar for our Private Ey
lunds, dlvering returns and sustainable growth
lor ou iwestors and stakehloars. Tha kinds Noa
8 2rong year wih continues growin across the
potato, continued deptoyment acy n fogs
Private Eauty V nd song ens. chung Private
uly V5 istinvesment being raksed win 140

ars of Paton Set sourcing tho vestments
was particulary pleasing wih enlarging acuity
morkels as a backdrop end demonstrates the
conned demand fr stongly growing businesses
tne mare oder hat we ae bing oc.

‘wee new plationns were added 1a the porto
in he year. PAIR Finance, the digital cobactions
Platoon operating tom Bern ang tused onthe
highgrowih eCommorce sector was acauied in
Cctober. Autopay the payments lattrm bases in
Polo was acquiod in ly a Ton, the UK
‘ark focused on ancing te gr anion wes
competed in taruary 76 er cot ol fogeno vate
Equi W has boon comeie to mesirens

(ur core focus tor huerisng in 2022 has bacn in
laying the foundations fra success launch of
tageip Pate Ecuty Vin 2023, Au has remained
stadia at C1. illon with naw cosavestments
eting our ealeatons and Uwoughout ne year
wa have continund to develon and deepen out
resionsins wihimesios

‘ast we are mind of pote economic chal
lenges we Defeve our vid ah wed positioned
tor conned gowh. Ou naw de! pine emsins
‘tong ardpclewd er re eels onan aac

Michael England
Pane
22 Maxeh 2023

Matthew Potter
Partner

CREDIT
STRATEGY

Tis section givas insight ino the sategy for our
Creat os. The Grou eas tes kom managing
nase tds.

KEY HIGHLIGHTS OF THE STRATEGY ARE:

1 Asset ached, senor secured nog

1+ tractive runs wan song downsice prtee-
fen

+ Patani or positive impact tinencing green
anton, eon oth ae Sane inion

In an uncertain word, ou senior secured ase

bated ending has a nck record ol arative

retune anihes donensaed sresionce Preug

arous economic ce.

Portfolio performed wellin the year
despite the challenging macro
‘environment with structuring,
prudent LTVs and seniority leading
to consistent performance”

Following he global financial crise, and the
subsacuntrovenctenen' ol he barks komen
mamets, Polen Steet identiod opportune 12
Fhe nding gapin whale alae and growing
‘marel witha targeted and considered approach
(Our senor secured ncn proves cal riay
1o non-bank lenders, ecology companis ad
‘ne companies with 9 diverse pola of asets
that our ds secured agains roving ght
resent approach. This assat backing combines
‘win soninty, comprehensive coven, bespoke
structuring negotiated bilateral by ou arge
and exper iam means we ae able 1 generale
premium eluns versus ote pic and pevate
6b saagjios win stong downsice protection.

KEY FIGURES

£16bnAuM 104 deals 11% gross
over the last unlevered
éyears returns

We are also passionate abou! the polenta or
Posiive impact tough the tinancing that we
provide whether by funding green aematves for
nomes ane rasport bulling new mage market
nome of dein regional economic growth and
leveling up. Our capa aces this impact by
enabling our borrowers 1 bull and grow thir
businesses whether busing homes. leasing eciic
vices or lndag to regional smal businesz0s.
The Emionmants Soc and Governsnce secon
he Strategic Repert gives more intrmation
bout Now our iwesiments align tothe United

2022- GOOD PERFORMANCE AND.
‘GROWING AUH

Twoughout 2022 he Creat business has boon
focused on bot raising capital and bung fg
term ivesor relationships alongsice deptoying
‘undin tractive wansactions and ensuing tho
existing potioto continues parlor wel AM
Incroasd nthe yor by 36 pe cot C16 baton
wn fagehio Crt aaring Srl close in a

ian Spa Fo aril ec

i
i

2023 witha 004 pipeline of new neste inate
‘sage discussions.

‘The porto prtomed wellin he yer deep the
challenging macro erviroument wih structing,
‘prudeat loan to vai alos CLIVE nd senioity
teacing to consist pertormance whilst the beet
‘ofthe higher intrest rale envionment drives
Increased doa retuins. 25 new transactions ct
Lpsizes were compete during the year otking
£07 billon of cammiments wit a new deals now

Incorporating sustains inked tetors incu
£ESG magnates lo noon ou boromers to
improve tne empact.

‘The poets of new opporinites contin Io be
‘ng 98 we observe 8 Bt 1 ales competive
‘emicnment on he ening se as banks become
lacs sche ad pute maka ae trey cose or
‘new de eavances, Polen Set mananing &
"ighly slate approac and cauious uncaring
‘ut befees iti anatractve ime o deploy capital
with oppertunitis to generate higher returns
‘trough nancing wel caplases borowers who
‘leaders in thor markets, undorined by svong
becoming assets wih pradet LTV

Matthew Potter
Panne
22 Mare 2023

Julian Date
Chief Financial Officer

CFO
REPORT

DELIVERING IN LINE WITH TARGETS
tran plage to peson Polo Sets tt nec
‘resus fotowing compleiono he Combsnaten on
80 September 2022. was a successhd year with
‘rancelpertomance in ine van quisece aut 12
ema ava consist oy ys

‘Over 2022, we have been focused on growing
sels unr management loreal 8 AM, Kom
‘organic fundraising wnder the erat sates. We
‘209 0.4 lion o nds ino gery Cre ad
‘As, eal’ 0 36 er con per annum gow

‘Under the Private Equity strategy. AUM was
-mabiained a 1.8 itn wth pot easaions
cost by iereases in co-westinent capital, The
PrvateEcuty business wos nl acne aca
in 2022. nowovar good progress has boen mace

“Ithas been a successful
year with financial
performance in line with
guidance issued to the
market and the equity
analysts’ consensus.”

towards ne ouneh of agshp Pate Equity V We
‘expect the est lose in 2023.

ployment under the Credit strategy as azo
‘een srg wih Average Fee-Payng AUM across
the whole Group increasing by 29 percent £2:3
Lilon a at 31 December 2022 (31 Decemb
2021018 bien

‘The Combination of Polan Svaet Capital Hokings
Limited and Honeycomb Investment Tus ple 10
tonn Polen Steet pe has been wransiormatve.
The Combination unlocks value by enabing ws
40 deploy capital kom the investment Company
10 accelerate he gown i heap AuM in te
‘Aste! Manager tough helping to scale essing
funds and seed new strategies. The Cmbination
cured on 30 September 2022 and wos etected

Aum
(enum

£3.4bn

36% Seemhcneinwr

—|
[+] :

18 18

AVERAGE FEE-PAYING AUM
(ea08%)

£2.3bn

31 Ove 21 31 Dee 22

PinateEauly 1 Crea

1D Prvatecauity 1D creat

Sant np 212 nn tos rite Renn Pc Me PAPA, TPs
‘ac tt ou oa eg ago es ted 308 pel Oa A nth ph tan
‘op At ots on rasp, age apg Aa esac Pe rege ey a
‘mien cgay Ps py eta at gee a yh at ha
‘cus avons comnts he petro tee

by Honeycom® investment Trust ple acquiring
100 per cant ofthe share capital of Poten Sot
Capital Holcings Lmtd win wy issued nares
in the Company as the consideration. As such
the slawory nancial statements ony neorporala
Pollen Siroot Capita Hoiings Limited ior 30
September 2022, tne point a which i became a
subsidiary ofthe Company The combined group
was renamed Potun Sret pe, Polen Set has
two complementary business Sogn: he Assat
Manager, wtih encompasses af ste locused
lon managing Iit-parly AM. and he avestmant
Company which encompasses a on‘alance sheet
invosiment acy and the Grove’ de eee.
The Asset Manoger sees ely sn Polen
Sv0t Copal Holdings Linded and a ebsites
The Investment Company business segment has
£588 mion of estment Aes. 2 lion of which
se held in PtenStraet Capital Hoaings Limited
nds subsiais, he remand ave het itn
Poten Steet 9c, Bud Funding Lied and Sing
Funcig Line,

Exmings om the Astat Manager ar incorporated
Int the Group's statvoryconsotisaed nancial
Saterents tom 30 September 2022, being tne

tate o completion of he Combination, Tis bass
(te “Statuary Basis) excludes earnings arising
in Pollen Steel Capital Holdings Limited and
its subsiciavias prior to 30 Saptember 2022. In
‘ton tothe stattery resus, we algo resent
proforma resus lr the business Incorporate
the earnings tom the Asset Manager a8 tne
Comtnation hac comelaod pris othe tao the
poriod. Tis basis the “Prolorma Basis’) explains
tha poremance ofthe nawty combined enity more
‘ay bectuse neds al tory of Pan Seat
Capita Holdings Lined ad sss, ie
aso agned othe bass on which equi antsis
lorecests we prepared fr th comenen business
‘Areconciion between he wo Bases is resented
‘on page27. Tere sno materal erence between
the Statutory Basis pratitabilty measure and
the Prtorms Base forthe Investment Company
segment. Comparable results under the Proton.
{Basis have also bean shown for 2021 ta show the
rstaiy Wend ote Asst Manager

(n tne Statutory Basis, the operating aot forthe
(Group was £27.3 millon (2021: 30.3 milion). AS
noted above is measure does rot ineuoeprtts
arising in Polen Seat Capa Holdings Limited

eg see

»

i
:

‘ror to 30 September 2022. being th date of
‘completion ofthe Combination. I also includes
‘charge of €3.4 milan of business combination
‘exponses associate wih ne acauiion of nares
‘in Polen Steet Capt Hocngs Unite.

The profit ona Proforma Basis incorporaes the
‘earnings ol the Asset Manage? lor the whole of
2022. On this basis, EBITDA coed tho year at
£96.8 millon 2021: 37.3 miion wih earings wot
positone to grow with he Asset Manager. Furkd
Management EBITDA increased by 21 par cont in
2