e

POLLEN
STREET

ANNUAL REPORT
& ACCOUNTS

FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2023
POLLEN STREET LIMITED

Company Number: 09899024

su

COMPANIES HOUSE

TUESDAY

A

1a3U1S NITIOd

quawiayerg jeroueuy

ez0z

TABLE OF CONTENTS

1. Strategic Report 4
PollenStreet ~ 5
Chair's Statement 8
CEO Report 10
Private Equity Strategy 14
Private Credit Strategy 16
CFO Report 18
Environmental, Social & Governance 26
Task Force on Climate-Related Disclosures 35
Stakeholder Engagement & Section 172 Statements 46
Business Review , so
Risk Management 53

2. Corporate Governance Report 62
Board of Directors . 63
Directors’ Report 70
Corporate Governance Statement 76
Report of the Audit Committee 84
Report of the Risk Committee 90
Report of the Nomination Committee 92
Directors’ Remuneration Report 94
Annual Report on Remuneration 98.
Statement Of Directors’ Responsibilities In Respect _ 0
Of The Financial Statements

112

Independent Auditors’ Report To The Members Of Pollen Street Limited

3. Financial Statements

122

Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income 123
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position 124
Company Statement of Financial Position 125
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Shareholders’ Funds 126
Company Statement of Changes in Shareholders’ Funds 127
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 128
Company Statement of Cash Flows : 129
Notes to the Financial Statements 130
4. Shareholders’ Information 216
5. Definitions and Reconciliation to 220

Alternative Performance Measures

43341S N3T10d

Squnos0y pur woday jenuuy

yi

POLLEN STREET

Pollen Street Limited (the “Company” and together
with its subsidiaries the “Group” or “Pollen Street”)
is an alternative asset manager dedicated to in-
vesting within the financial and business services
sectors across both Private Equity and Private Credit
strategies. The business was founded in 2013 and
has consistently delivered top tier returns alongside
growing assets under management ("AuM").

Pollen Street benefits from a complementary set of
asset management activities focused on managing
third-party AuM (the “Asset Manager”) together
with on-balance sheet investments (the “Investment
Company”).

The Asset Manager raises capital from high quality
investors and deploys it into its Private Equity and Pri-
vate Credit strategies. The strong recurring revenues
from this business enable delivery of scalable growth.

The Investment Company invests in the strategies
of the Group delivering attractive risk adjusted re-
turns and accelerating growth in third-party AUM
of the Asset Manager through investing in Pollen
Street funds, taking advantage of attractive invest-
ment opportunities and aligning interest with our
investors to grow AuM. Today the portfolio is largely
invested in Credit Assets with the allocation to Pri-
vate Equity expected to increase to 30 per cent in
the long term. The portfolio consists of both direct
investments and investments in funds managed by
Pollen Street.

CORPORATE BACKGROUND 6& BASIS

OF PREPARATION

Pollen Street Limited was incorporated on 2 De-
cember 2015. The Company was originally named
Honeycomb Investment Trust plc. It was subse-
quently renamed to Pollen Street plc and then
Pollen Street Limited. On 30 September 2022,
the Company combined with Pollen Street Capital
Holdings Limited by acquiring the share capital of
Pollen Street Capital Holdings Limited with newly
issued shares in the Company as consideration
(the “Combination"). As such the statutory financial
statements only incorporate Pollen Street Capital
Holdings Limited and its subsidiaries from 30 Sep-

tember 2022, the point at which it became a wholly
owned subsidiary of the Company.

On 24 January 2024, the Group changed the listing
category of the shares to that of a commercial com-
pany from an investment company and introduced
a Guernsey incorporated holding company, named
Pollen Street Group Limited, as the new parent of
the Group by way of a scheme of arrangement (the
“Scheme"). The Company subsequently distribut-
ed the entire issued share capital in Pollen Street
Capital Holdings Limited to the new parent (the
“Distribution”, and together with the Scheme the
“Reorganisation”). The Reorganisation does not
change the operational activities of the overall busi-
ness from a shareholder's perspective. However, it
does change the activities of the companies within
the Group and it affects the presentation of the
financial results for the Company and Group. For
example, the Company has ceased to be classified
as an investment trust during 2024 and Pollen Street
Limited and its current subsidiaries have ceased alt
asset management activities, however they contin-
ue their operations of investing in Credit Asset and
Equity Assets. The activities of Pollen Street Capital
Holdings Limited are therefore presented as held for
distribution. Further information on the Combination
and the Reorganisation is provided in Note 1 to the
Financial Statements.

As part of the Reorganisation, the Company's

~ shares were delisted from the London Stock Ex-

change and the Company re-registered as a private
company. As such the Company is no longer re-
quired to comply with many of the disclosure and
corporate governance requirements that apply to
premium listed companies. However, the Company
has continued to comply with these standards,
where they are appropriate, as a matter of good
governance. Further information is available in the
Corporate Governance Statement on page 119.

The annual report and accounts for the new parent
of the Group, Pollen Street Group Limited, for the
financial year ended 31 December 2023 will be
published on the Group's website on or before 30.
April 2024. . .

413341S N3TI0d

quoday Beng

4a34LS NITIOd

ezoz jwauiarerg jeroueULy

PROFIT FOR THE YEAR: £40.4 MILLION
(2022: £26.4 MILLION)

TOTAL AUM (£ BILLION) AVERAGE FEE-PAYING AUM
: . (€ BILLION)
4.2

34 29
3.0 I] 2.3
A a Ge
.

10 ll

18 18 ' 1s

31/12/21 31/12/22 31/12/2023 - 2021 "2022 2023

Private Equity [1] Private Credit Private Equity’ [7] Private Credit

TOTAL INCOME (CONTINUING & FOR
DISTRIBUTION) (£ MILLION)

103.2:

Ar

2022 2023

‘See section 5, page 221, for the definition of terms and the reconciliation to Altemative Performance Measures (“APM'). APMs are not audited. The operating
profit chart shows the statutory operating profit of the continuing operations and the operations that are for distribution, The operating profit for the Central
‘segment is not shown in the chart however the total is the operating profit of the Group. EBITDA is calculated as the operating profit of the Group's Investment
‘Company plus the operating profit of the Group's Asset Manager in accordance with IFRS reporting standards, exclucing exceptional items and start-up losses
of the US businass, but including the full cost of the office leases, despite these costs being reported as depreciation of a lease asset and financing costs
under IFRS 16. Total Income and EBITDA for 2022 is calculated on a proforma basis as if the combination had occurred prior to 1 January 2022.

EBITDA (£ MILLION) OPERATING PROFIT (CONTINUING &
FOR DISTRIBUTION) (£ MILLION)
45.4 445 .
36.8
27.3
28.3 30.2 28.3 30.2
2022 2023 2022 2023

‘ Investment Company [[_] Asset Manager

DIVIDENDS DECLARED (£ MILLION)

32

30

2022 v 2023

Investment Company [[_] Asset Manager

agus NaTIOd

juoday aGorwg

A3aULS NITIOd

rs
a
A
4
&

Robert Sharpe
Chair

CHAIR'S
STATEMENT

Welcome to, the Annual Report and Accounts for
Pollen Street, which covers the year ended 31
December 2023.

DELIVERING CONSISTENT PERFORMANCE
& SUSTAINABLE GROWTH

In 2023 we demonstrated clear progress in delivering
on the strategy set out when we announced the
Combination of Pollen Street Capital Holdings
Limited and Honeycomb Investment Trust pic in
February 2022.

Over the year, the performance of Pollen Street has
been strong, and we are delivering against our am-
bitions. Pollen Street continues to generate strong
contracted income from funds under management,
delivering attractive and low volatility returns within
our funds to support further AUM growth as well as
attractive income from our balance sheet investments.

“In 2023 we demonstrated

clear progress in delivering on
the strategy set out when we
announced the Combination of
Pollen Street Capital Holdings
Limited and Honeycomb
Investment Trust ple in February
2022”

On the Asset Manager side, Pollen Street has
demonstrated success in both growing AuM and
continuing to deliver strong returns for our investors.
We have focused on growing Private Equity AuM in
2023, building on the growth in Private Credit AM in
2022. Pollen Street has increased Private Equity AUM
to £2.6 billion - a 44 per cent increase on prior year —
with capital raised in Private Equity Fund V and a new
continuation vehicle that was oversubscribed

The Investment Company has continued to deliver
strong performance, maintaining its historic track
record. Income on Net Investment Assets was
consistent and progressive at £30.2 million for the
year ended 31 December 2023 growing from £28.3
million for the year ended 31 December 2022.

The above success is reflected in the financial results
for the Group with operating profit growing to £44.5

million for 2023, up from £27.3 million for 2022.
Pollen Street declared dividends of £32 million in
relation to 2023, an increase of £2 million from the
prior year (2022: £30 million). This was in line with
the Board's dividend targets. Pollen Street Group
Limited's target for dividends in respect of 2024 is
to delcare dividends of no lower than £33 million
and the Group aims to grow dividends progressively
thereafter.

CAPITAL ALLOCATION FRAMEWORK AND
BUYBACK PROGRAMME

The Board is mindful of the disconnect between the
share price and the fundamental value of the Group.
Pollen Street Group Limited announced a Capital
Allocation Framework and Buyback Programme
immediately prior to the publication of these Annual
Report and Accounts.

Under this framework, Pollen Street Group Limited
will maintain sufficient balance sheet capital to: invest
in funds managed by the Group to accelerate the
growth of the Asset Manager; support the dividend
policy, which is to declare dividends of no lower than
£33 million in respect of 2024 and dividends grow-
ing progressively thereafter; and provide strategic
flexibility for inorganic growth, should opportunities
arise. Surplus capital will be returned to shareholders
through share buybacks of approximately 2 to 5 per
cent per annum of the outstanding share capital of
the Group.

We continue to focus on delivering substantial growth
in the business and building on our shareholder en-
gagement to improve the liquidity of the shares by
diversifying our shareholder base. The Group has also
completed its work to change the listing category of
the shares to that of a commercial company from an
investment company to support this.

FOCUS ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
On 15 January 2024, we announced the intention
to appoint Lucy Tilley as the Group's next Chief
Financial Officer (“CFO"). Lucy will join the Board as
an Executive Director, succeeding Julian Dale, who
will be stepping down as CFO. Lucy brings extensive
experience including as CFO of Mortgage Advice
Bureau (Holding) Plc and director in the corporate
broking team at Canaccord Genuity Limited.

ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOV-
ERNANCE

At Pollen Street, Envionmental, § Social and Govern-
ance (‘ESG") is an important part of our approach

to investing, portfolio monitoring, management and
reporting. It is an embedded part of the culture and
investment approach of the businesses, and our
ESG framework aligns to the UN Sustainable Devel-
opment Goals ("“SDGs"). Over the year progress has
been made across:

* Our proprietary ESG scoring mechanism, which
is used to benchmark investments and to assess
progress in ESG performance, where we saw an
average score improvement across our Private
Equity portfolio, and an increasing uptake of ESG
margin ratchets using the ESG score in our Private
Credit portfolio, with eight ratchets now in place.

* Our climate targets, with Pollen Street maintaining
carbon neutral status for the year and two thirds of
portfolio companies with net zero roadmaps/plans.

OUTLOOK: BUILDING ON OUR POSITIVE
MOMENTUM

Over the last year we have been deepening our
existing investor relationships and continuing to de-
velop new relationships to grow AuM. AuM in Private
Equity has grown particularly well in the period as we
completed the first close of Private Equity Fund V and
also completed a continuation fund before the year-
end. The Private Credit strategy continues to perform
strongly with the deployment of Private Credit Fund lil
and we introduced further capital from new investors
through Separately Managed Accounts (“SMAs").
The Investment Company assets are well positioned
and structured to withstand significant macro stress.
Current market conditions bring compelling invest-
ment opportunities, which we approach with care
and selectivity.

Our strategies have continued to demonstrate

" strength and resilience and Pollen Street Group

Limited is well positioned for the year ahead. We are
pleased with the progress we have made in 2023 and
the financial results for. the year. Along with the rest
of the Board, | would like to thank the management
team for their hard work over 2023 and | look forward
to what more we can achieve in 2024.

Robert Sharpe
Chair
20 March 2024

Aa3uLS NITIOd

quoday sifareng

43aNLS N3TIOd

e702 wawarerg joueUiy

Lindsey McMurray
Chief Executive Officer

CEO
REPORT

DELIVERING STRONG PERFORMANCE
lam pleased to report that Pollen Street delivered
strong performance in 2023. During the year the
Group recorded continued strong performance
across our funds, made progress against our
fundraising targets and benefitted from attractive
deployment opportunities in both Private Credit and
Private Equity. We increased our AuM to £4.2 billion
as at 31 December 2023, from £3.4 billion as at 31
December 2022.

The above success is reflected in the financial results
for the Group with operating profit growing to £44.5
million for 2023, up from £27.3 million for 2022. The.
primary growth driver was the Asset Manager where
operating profit grew to £15.9 million, up from £2.9

“These results provide confidence for
the year ahead, reflecting the

strength of our strategies, the power
of our market positioning and industry
focus as well as the opportunity
presented by our business model, to
accelerate growth using our balance

sheet.”

million in 2022 on a statutory basis and £9.5 million
on a proforma basis'.

These results provide confidence for the year ahead,
reflecting the strength of our strategies, the power of
our: market positioning and industry focus as well as
the opportunity presented by our business model, to
accelerate growth using our balance sheet.

In the current macro environment, uncertainty has
impacted the industry's deal flow both in realisations
and deployment. Fundraising too has also been
affected by uncertainty and shifting plans. It is against
this backdrop that we deliver our results for the 12
months to 31 December 2023. With a successful
year for our funds, our portfolio and our investment

" Operating profit on a proforma basis is calculated a8 if the combination had occurred prior to 1 January 2022.

Company, we are pleased to see the differentiated
approach of Pollen Street serve us well and set us up
to deliver long-term sustainable growth.

WELL-PLACED STRATEGY

Pollen Street was founded following the global
financial crisis, our strategies are designed to thrive
in times of change. We look to work with top-rate
management teams to enable them to build great
businesses that can win in their markets. Our
strategies are designed and proven to perform
through different macro environments to deliver
consistent returns and our balance sheet serves to
provide stable income and to accelerate the growth
of our Asset Manager.

OUR ASSET MANAGER BUSINESS
Pollen Street is an alternative asset manager
dedicated to financial and business services. We
have built a wealth of expertise in the industry and a
deep network of passionate people to enable us to
deliver consistent and sustainable returns.

A PRIVATE EQUITY STRATEGY BUILDING
" NEXT GENERATION MARKET LEADERS
Our Private Equity strategy focusses on backing
* mid-market companies in the financial and business
services sector. We typically take majority stakes
in companies whose headquarters are’ in Europe.
These companies are often founder led and we seek
to apply deep sector specialist knowledge and a
proven operational framework to accelerate revenue
and profit growth with an objective to deliver top-tier
returns overall with low variance of outcomes.

A typical investment will benefit from-the key growth
trends, which form the basis of our investment
themes, from the unbundling of services driven by
demand for more convenient personalised expe-
riences, to the wide-ranging impact of the digital
transformation of the entire sector. We pinpoint
these drivers of change and align our investment
strategy to support businesses at the forefront
of these opportunities. Our network of experts is
brought together in The Hub, our powerful eco-
system that delivers deep expertise across dig-
ital transformation, technology innovation, ESG
and Business Development. The Hub provides
a systematic approach to building and growing
businesses. The team are hands-on driving collab-
oration and knowledge sharing across the portfolio.

The wider Pollen Street network has been built
through years of experience across the industry and
gives us access to deal flow, expertise and talent.

The performance of our Private Equity strategy over
2023 is testament to the resilience of our approach
and the relevance of our strategy in the current
market landscape. Our portfolio has delivered
‘strong revenue and profit growth and we continue
to see attractive opportunities for deployment on a
careful and selective basis.

A DIFFERENTIATED CREDIT STRATEGY

In Private Credit, our strategy is to provide pre-
dominantly senior secured, asset-based lending to
non-bank lenders, leasing businesses, technology
companies, and other companies with diverse port-
folios of financial or hard assets. Our credit facilities
are typically senior secured with significant credit
protection created through both asset security and
transaction structuring. We take direct security over
large and diverse pools of assets that generate
revenue and cash flow of our borrowers, alongside
full corporate guarantees with comprehensive cov-

~ enants and our investments are designed to with-

stand significant stress in the macro environment to
deliver low volatility returns.

Following the global financial crisis, and the subse-
quent retrenchment of the banks from lending mar-
kets, Pollen Street identified opportunities to fill the
funding gap in what is a large and growing market
with a targeted and considered approach. We are
experts in this large and growing market, with a deep
network and experience that allows us to identify op-
portunities and target an underpenetrated part of the
market. Our team focuses on the mid-market where
our support and capital is most needed.

CONTINUED MOMENTUM IN
FUNDRAISING

We are pleased to report a significant step up in AUM
for the year, driven by our Private Equity Fund V raise
as well as new capital raised in a continuation fund.

Overall, we delivered 25 per cent AuM growth (31

- December 2022: 13 per cent) over the course of the

year. We are grateful for the strong support from our
existing and new investors across our strategies.
In 2024, we expect to complete our fund raising of
Private Equity Fund V as well as completing the first
close of Private Credit Fund IV expected imminently.

GROWING RETURNS IN OUR INVESTMENT
COMPANY

In 2023 we continued to deliver consistent per-

formance in,the Investment Company, delivering
Income on Net Investment Assets of £30.2 million
(2022: 28.3 million). The Investment Company port-

1a3ULS NITIOd

uoday oiBaie.ng

1931S NITIOd

Tog WaUDW!YS yerouRLLY

>)

folio stands at £533 million (31 December 2022:
£588 million).

We highlighted at the time of the Combination, and
in previous reporting, the intention to transition the
Investment Company from predominantly holding
direct investments sourced in our Private Credit
strategy to holding investments in Pollen Street
funds. This shift creates strong alignment and
synergies where the balance sheet is able to benefit
from the returns generated by a diverse portfolio of
investments across Private Equity and Private Credit
while supporting fundraising by demonstrating strong
alignment with investors and providing a catalyst for
raising additional third-party capital, in turn driving
higher management fee income for the Group and
Shareholders.

As such, the Investment Company plays an important
role in driving sustainable growth for Pollen Street as
a whole. We believe that this approach will help to
accelerate the growth in AuM as well as launch new
strategies. To date the Investment Company has
committed over £120 million across our vehicles. We
expect fund investments to represent approximately
half of the Investment Company assets with the
allocation to higher yielding Equity Assets increasing
~ to approximately 30 per cent over the medium tem.

OUR COMMITMENT TO SUSTAINABILITY

& ESG PROGRESS

At Pollen Street we are committed to investing
responsibly and developing and enhancing our focus
on actions that generate a positive impact for our
investors, people, portfolio and wider society.

Over the year we have made excellent progress
against our ESG targets. We have recorded im-
proved ESG scores across our portfolio using our
proprietary scoring mechanism with an average
score improvement of 2.5 points across our Private
Equity portfolio. In our Credit portfolio we have now
introduced a total of eight ESG margin ratchets,
providing accountability for our borrowers to improve
ESG metrics.

We continue to focus on portfolio companies where
we see a potential for positive impact for both
investors, people and planet. A recent example is
our-Private Equity investment Assessio, the leading
talent assessment software platform in the Nordics.
Assessio operates in an exciting. and growing market
solving current challenges such as talent shortages
and development but its solutions also support
companies in their Diversity Equity and Inclusion
(“DET”) efforts.

We are proud that the Group maintained carbon
neutral status for 2023. To further progress our
ambitions on climate, we are now using the Private
Markets Decarbonisation Roadmap as a firm and
across our funds portfolio to help accelerate our
journey to Net Zero.

Sustainability remains a core part of our investment
strategy. We aim to help portfolio companies make _
Net Zero progress; set and measure diversity and
inclusion targets; and operate to the highest possible
governance standards.

Alongside continuing to strengthen our ESG pro-
gramme and foundations, our focus for ESG in 2024
includes the following areas:

* Sustainable value creation: Aligning ESG criteria to
strategic business drivers to drive engagement and
performance. .

* Climate & Net zero: Working across the portfolio
to develop net zero commitments and strategies
and strengthen processes to better understand the .
impacts of climate change, in line with the Task Force
for Climate related Financial Disclosures (“TCFD’).

* Data & reporting excellence: Using a réporting and
scoring framework to rank and compare portfolio

* investments, and to identify iniprovements; contin-
ue to address evolving regulations on sustainability
disclosures. - .

OUR OUTLOOK: ACCELERATING
PROGRESS TOWARDS CREATING A FAST-
GROWING HIGH-PERFORMING PRIVATE
CAPITAL ASSET MANAGER

Our progress in 2023 has positioned us well to drive
long-term organic growth. We had previously issued
financial guidance that Fee-Paying AUM would be £4
to £5 billion between 30 September 2024 and 30
September 2025. We expect to exceed the £4 billion
threshold during 2024 and are raising guidance to
grow AuM to £10 billion in the longer term. This is
discussed further in the CFO Report.

Looking ahead in 2024 for Pollen Street Group
Limited, in both Private Credit and Private Equity,
we are seeing strong performance, resilience and an
attractive pipeline of new opportunities.

Our key priorities for 2024 are:

“+ final close of Private Equity Fund V;

* first close of Private Credit Fund IV;

* building cross product relationships with strategic
investors; .

* continuing to deploy the Investment Company *
capital in new Pollen Street funds and assets; and