Registered Number: 09899024

Honeycomb Investment Trust plc

Interim Report and Unaudited Financial Statements
For the period 1 January 2021 to 30 June 2021

REPLACE WITH DESIGNED VERSION

*AADSQD9K*
31 18/09/2021 #134

COMPANIES HOUSE

A

Table of Contents

T StPATEGIC REPOTT ...enmnnmnnnnmnnemunnnnenninnninnnennninennnnneneniinniinneieeie,
The Company
Investment Objective
Investment Manager...
Performance Highlights
Chairman's Statement
Investment Manager's Repo!
Top Ten Holdings...
Portfolio Composition
ESG Programme........
Principal Risks and Uncertainties
Investment Restrictions...
Key Performance Indicators .....ssssssscsssssesssessssseeussssesssssesussesusssseeesssssesunssssesensssesesnuesseeustesussssseesssseseeeesenneseeeessuneeeetete

2 Directors’ Report...
Statement of Directors’ Responsibilities .

3 Unaudited FINAN cial StAtEME NS... 2:
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income.
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position........
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Shareholders’ Funds
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
Notes to the Financial Statements.

4 Shareholders’ Information
Directors, Portfolio Manager and Adviser

5 Definitions and reconciliation to alternative performance
TMECSULES jn cecssssssesssesssensetsseenstisseietinstisstineessteietieetinetsnsetaneeianetinstneeessneeieeineesaseeeseeneseeueseeaeesnneete 5

Honeycomb Investment Trust ple - Interim Report and Unaudited Financial Statements 2

1 Strategic Report

The Company

Honeycomb Investment Trust plc ("the Company” or “Honeycomb’) is a UK listed investment trust dedicated to providing investors
with access to asset backed lending opportunities that Pollen Street Capital Limited ("Pollen Street" or the “Investment Manager’)
believes have potential to generate high income returns together with strong capital preservation.

Investment Objective

The Company and its subsidiaries (together, “the Group”) operate an asset backed credit strategy that delivers stable income
alongside strong downside protection through providing predominantly senior lending to non-bank lenders secured on their
underlying loan portfolios. The investment strategy is supported by the ongoing structural changes in the financial services industry
that create a significant opportunity for non-bank lenders to reach customers who are underserved by mainstream banks with
bespoke and appropriate products.

The strategy is focused on generating positive impact around five key areas where Honeycomb can make a meaningful difference:
regional growth and supporting SMEs; affordable, energy efficient homes; financial inclusion; green finance and responsible lending
practices.

Investment Manager

Pollen Street serves as the Company's investment manager. Pollen Street is an independent, alternative investment management
company specialising in the financial services sector and has extensive experience investing in both credit and private equity
strategies across both banks and non-bank lenders.

Performance Highlights

Dividend Yield*

8.0% Dividend yield stable at 8.0 per cent of IPO issue price -
H1 2021 8.0% in line with the published target
8.0% Note - target dividend is nota profit forecast
Uo

NAV Return’

NAV retum building on the resilience shown through 9
Covie-19 7.7%
a7%

NAV per Share

Sr bech2020 1,013p NAV per share stable

30 Jun 20: 1,017p

Share Price

Edbeck2020 943p
30 Jun 2021 970p

Share price closed the period at 970p

"See section 5 for reconciliation to Alternative Performance Measures

Honeycomb Investment Trust pic - Interim Report and Unaudited Financial Statements 4

Chairman’s Statement

| am pleased to present the 2021 interim results for
Honeycomb Investment Trust plc, covering the period 1
January 2021 to 30 June 2021.

The Company is a UK listed company dedicated to providing
investors with access to the critically important non-bank
lending market which is structurally growing. Within this
market, the Investment Manager identifies lending
opportunities that it believes have the potential to provide
attractive, high-income returns together with strong capital
preservation.

The investment provided by Honeycomb Investment Trust to
‘our credit partners across SME, Property and Consumer has a
critical role to play in enabling lending products that can
accelerate progress in financial inclusion, affordable housing,
green finance and reducing carbon emissions from property.

PERFORMANCE

The focus on proactive portfolio management throughout
2020 positioned the Company strongly for new opportunities
in 2021. The Company has performed well in the first six
months of 2021, delivering an annualised NAV return of 8.7 per
cent! (H1 2020: 8.2 per cent) for the period. The intensive
portfolio management approach of the Company proved
invaluable throughout the uncertainty of the Covid-19
pandemic. Having seen strong cash collections through 2020,
the Company was able to take advantage of new exciting
opportunities during the first six months of 2021.

ASSET PORTFOLIO

The performance of the underlying Credit Assets has
remained consistent throughout the first six months of 2021.
Net Investrnent Assets? have increased from £569 million to
£594 million as the Company has been able to access new
attractive opportunities that reflect the overall asset-backed
strategy of the Investment Manager. With mainstream banks
increasingly focused on commoditised lending markets, the
non-bank lending sector is increasingly critical to support the
economy.

+ See section 5 for reconciliation to Alternative Performance Measures

2 Net Investment Assets includes equity assets held at fair value through
profit or loss, credit assets held at amortised cost and credit assets held at
fair value through profit or loss

The Manager also believes opportunities to continue to
support lending into SMEs through government backed
schemes will offer compelling returns. To date the Company
has supported the Coronavirus Business Interruption Loan
Scheme (“CBILS’) lending and expects opportunities to
deploy further capital supporting the Recovery Loan Scheme
("RLS") lending. A new senior credit card receivable facility was
signed during the first six months of 2021, and in addition,
senior loans were added in the property sector where the
Investment Manager believes security and leverage ratios
continue to offer attractive returns for shareholders with
highly resilient senior security.

IMPAIRMENT & ASSET VALUATIONS

The interim results show a reduced level of expected credit loss
("ECL") provision charges under IFRS 9, against the same period
in 2020. The ECL charge for the first half of 2021 was £0.5 million
(30 June 2020: £6.7 million, 31 December 2020 full year: £5.6
million).

The portfolio benefits from the Investment Manager's
continued shift to structurally secured assets with greater
protection from adverse credit losses.

The investment assets are now 93 per cent structurally secured.

GEARING

Gearing has remained relatively stable with net debt to equity
increasing slightly from 59.1 per cent! to 66.1 per cent over the
period as new assets have been deployed. The borrowings as
at 30 June 2021 are £265 million, against £274 million at 31
December 2020.

DIVIDENDS

The Company has continued to meet its dividend target of
20,00 pence per share per quarter, in line with the target
dividend yield of 8.0! per cent annualised on the issued share
price at the Company's initial public offering.

SHARE PRICE AND BUYBACKS

The market volatility experienced throughout 2020 from Covid-
19 has reduced and allowed the share price to stabilise and
improve, closing at 4.6! per cent below NAV (30 June 2020: 26.0
per cent discount, 31 December 2020: 7.0 per cent discount).

During 2020, the Board responded to this volatility by
announcing a buy back initiative and commitment to continue
buybacks until the shares traded at less than a 5 per cent
discount to NAV, with the share price responding and
improving. No buybacks have taken place since November
2020.

Honeycomb Investment Trust plc - Interim Report and Unaudited Financial Statements

OUTLOOK

The Company's strong performance through the first six
months of 2021 builds on a successful 2020. The Investment
Manager's decisions early on during the 2020 Covid-19
pandemic, and proactive approach to managing the portfolio,
put the Company in a strong position going into 2021 and we
are pleased to see the strategy continue to deliver targeted
returns and dividend yields.

The Board were pleased to see that following the Company's
Annual General Meeting on 8 June 2021, all the resolutions set
out in the Notice of Annual General Meeting were passed by
the requisite majority, with the exception of resolution 16 for
which shareholders voted for continuation of the Company as
recommended by the Board.

Going into 2021, the Company continues to deliver strong
performance by investing and partnering with lenders that
offer senior secured investment returns, coupled with impact
driven investments that align with the Investment Manager's
impact goals.

Robert Sharpe

Chairman
14 September 2021

Honeycomb Investment Trust plc - Interim Report and Unaudited Financial Statements

Investment Manager's Report

The Investment Manager, Pollen Street Capital Limited, is an
independent asset manager working across credit and
private equity strategies. Pollen Street was formed in 2013
and possesses a strong and consistent track record within
the financial and business services sectors.

Pollen Street has significant experience in lending markets.
Its strategy is focused on providing finance to the non-bank
lending sector enabling these businesses to grow and
support their customers with strong product propositions.
The Investment Manager believes there is a significant
opportunity to earn attractive returns from lending to a
broad range of businesses focused on different subsets of the
lending market. Pollen Street has built deep expertise in
lending to non-bank lending businesses.

The Investment Manager provides the Group with access to
an established network of these specialist lenders. The
relationship with these partners extends beyond Pollen
Street being simply providers of capital. As investment
manager, it deploys expertise to enable these to outperform
across all stages of the credit cycle. The relationships and
expertise created are difficult to replicate and help provide
more stable and attractive returns. The Investment Manager
works closely with its partners to define attractive customer
centric lending offerings with strong resilient performance.

H1 2021 HIGHLIGHTS

The Company has delivered 8.7! per cent annualised NAV
return for the first six months of the year (30 June 2020: 8.2
per cent), which is in excess of the 8.0 per cent target. This
builds on a 7.7 per cent NAV return FY2020 and continues the

strong performance of the Company through turbulent times.

Following proactive portfolio management in 2020, the
Manager started 2021 well positioned to target new
investment opportunities with credit asset returns at
approximately 9.8 per cent. The portfolio remains stable,
with further advances invested in existing facilities, and
Pollen Street continues to focus the portfolio on more
structured and secured loans and away from consumer
whole loans. This reduces the risk of underperformance in
the portfolio.

We continue to adopt a proactive and prudent approach and
our deep relationships have helped our partners to maintain
and develop their businesses sustainably. Further partners
have been on-boarded which have supported this growth
while the profile of risk and return remains robust.

HALF YEARLY NAV RETURN

37%
Socata inal ui 7.2%
: i i i i
0%
OK
1%
0%
10%
oox

Pn mm mt We mt

19 19 20 20 n
Profit for the first 6 months of the year was £15.5 million (30
June 2020: £9.5 million), which translated into a basic
earnings per share of 43.9p' (30 June 2020: 25.6 pence). This
is equivalent to an annualised NAV return of 8.7! per cent (30
June 2020: 8.2 per cent), showing significant improvement
against the height of the Covid-19 crisis in early 2020. The
growth is driven by an increase in investment assets
combined with a reduction in the ECL charge, from £6.7
million to £0.5 million, reflecting the move to structurally

secured assets with greater downside protection and the
improving economic outlook.

3

Investment Assets and Net Debt to Equity Ratio

7 7%
—_ 60%
E
7 soo 50%
§ 0 sox
F 200 a
—
8 20 20%
3
~ 100 10%
ox
en ee ee
Bo Bb wm %® OR
ecient Aenea OF Ey

The net debt to equity ratio closed the period at 66.1! percent
(30 June 2020: 49.4 percent) driving an increase in net
investment assets from £551 million to £594? million, In
September 2020 the Company completed a new £250 million
three-year facility with a global bank, increasing the liquidity
position and allowing an increase in investment assets
despite a NAV reduction following buybacks made
throughout 2020, whilst remaining within the gearing limits
set.

Honeycomb Investment Trust plc - Interim Report and Unaudited Financial Statements

Net debt to equity ration (%)

Dividend Per Share and Annualised Dividend Yield

2% 2% 3% x a%

40

35

30

2s

20

1s

10

5
mi we 1 We on
19 19 20 20 a

Since its IPO in December 2015 the Company has delivered a
NAV return equivalent of 45.6! per cent (including dividends
declared or paid) with NAV per share (cumulative of income)
of 1,017.0 pence per ordinary share as at 30 June 2021.

Dividend per Share (pence) per half year

PORTFOLIO -

The Covid-19 pandemic accelerated structural change in the
industry and the opportunity for non-bank lenders. NAV
returns for the Company were back to pre-Covid levels by
January 2021. The pipeline of above-hurdle investment
opportunities was strong throughout Hl 2021, with an
average pipeline of over £1bn, well diversified by asset class
with 37 per cent relating to SME lending, 36 per cent to
property backed and 27 per cent to consumer.

As at 30 June 2021, the portfolio of structured loans
consisted of 18 facilities with an average balance
outstanding per facility of £17 million. The facilities have an
average effective advance rate of 69 per cent and typically
benefit from robust covenants. The facilities are
collateralised by over 270,000 underlying loans and
receivables. The Group’s portfolio of direct loans consists of
22 deals with an average balance outstanding per
relationship c.£12.2 million, 75 per cent of direct loans are
secured on property, with an average loan to value (“LTV”) of
64 per cent, providing high recoverability and significant
downside protection. A well-seasoned portfolio of direct
consumer loans constitute the majority of the remaining 3
per cent of the portfolio and have run-off significantly over
the past 24 months.

ESG

We were delighted to win the award for Best Responsible
Alternative Investment Team UK 2021 by CFI, recognising the
team’s progress in “responsible portfolio development” and
an approach which prioritises “lasting impact”.

Furthermore, the team has played an integral role in
launching the Invest in Women Hub, the latest in a series of
initiatives from the Council for Investing in Female
Entrepreneurs (°CIFE") aiming to accelerate female
entrepreneurship and support female founders.

We are excited to combine the delivery of attractive risk
adjusted returns, with a strategy that generates a long term
sustainable positive impact for investors, partners and wider
society.

OUTLOOK

Honeycomb has a track record of consistent credit
performance and dividends. The Covid-19 pandemic was a
test of both the resilience of the strategy and our portfolio
management approach as Investment Manager. The stability
of the NAV performance reflected the prudent approach,
discipline and high standards of governance of the
Investment Manager's established business model. The
strategy for 2021 continues, coupled with an approach that
aims to generate a long term sustainable positive impact for
investors, partners and wider society.

The Investment Manager will continue to work with the
Board to support the discount management programme,
which is aiming to reduce the discount between the NAV and
share price.

CONCLUSION

In our guidance issued at the time of the Company's initial
public offering, we stated that we were targeting a dividend
yield of at least 8.0 per cent (based on issue price). We are
proud to have met their guidance, particularly through 2020,
and the first six months of 2021.

Pollen Street
14 September 2021

Honeycomb Investment Trust plc - Interim Report and Unaudited Financial Statements

Top Ten Holdings

Value of
Deal holding Lv Percentage
Country Type Structure Sector at period- of assets?
end (£m)
UK Agriculture United Direct
1 Limited Kingdom Portfolio SEMI Property SAT 50% 9.2%
United Discounted
2 Creditfix Limited Ki Structured Senior Fee 50.1 39% 84%
ingdom .
Receivables
Sancus Loans United .
3 Limited Kingdom Structured Senior Property ATA 54% 8.0%
Nucleus Cash United
4 Flow Finance Kin Structured Senior SME CBILS 46.1 96% 7.8%
aon igdom
Limited
Oplo Direct United Direct Loan Secured
5 Portfolio Kingdom Portfolio Portfolio Consumer 416 81% 7.0%
United . Secured
6 lo Structured
Oplo Structure Kingdom Structured Mezzanine Consumer 40.3 95% 6.8%
. United Direct Loan Secured
7 Pe /
GE Portfolio Kingdom Portfolio Portfolio Consumer 358 61% 6.0%
United Unsecured
1. - i
8 118118 Loans Kingdom ‘Structured Senior Consumer 25.5 75% 4.3%
Downing United Direct
ir .
9 evelopment Kingdom Portfolio Senior Property 249 63% 4.2%
oans
rn bint United
10 Propfin Limited King dom Structured Senior Property 20.9 60% 3.5%

1 Direct portfolios have been aggregated by originator and servicer
2 Percentage of total investment assets of the Group (investment assets calculated as the carrying balance of all credit assets at amortsed cost, credit assets held at fair value through

profitor loss and equity investments held at fair value through profit or loss).

As at 30 June 2021 the value of the top 10 assets totalled £387.3 million (June 2020: 221.3 million, 31 December 2020: £359.2 million)
which equated to 65.2 per cent (2020: 63.2 per cent) of investment assets (investment assets calculated as the carrying balance of all

credit assets at amortised cost and credit and equity investments held at fair value through profit or loss).

Honeycomb Investment Trust plc - Interim Report and Unaudited Financial Statements

Portfolio Composition

Loan Book? Stratification by Structure

Returns Bridge H1 2021

14.0%

12.0%

10.0%

8.0%

6.0%

4.0%

2.0%

Investment
Yield

® Senior
= Mezz
= Equity

Impairments
and Write
Offs

vi

= Secured Loan Portfolio
= Unsecured Loan Portfolio

Risk
Adjusted
Yield

25% ee 2.6%
| | 7
(0.7%)

Equity
w/e

3.0%

[]

Effect of Leverage

(2.7%)

IM Fees

(0.5%)

Fund Opex

8.7%

NAV Return

The above chart shows the composition of the NAV returns. See section 5 for reconciliation to Alternative Performance Measures.

Honeycomb investment Trust plc - interim Report and Unaudited Financial Statements

10

RERUACEWITERDESIGNED,VERSION

ESG Programme

As Investment Manager, Pollen Street Capital, believes in the potential for positive impact through the work
that we are passionate about. We are committed to maintaining and enhancing our focus on actions that
generate positive impact for our investors, people, portfolio companies and wider society.

There can be no denying the impact of the Covid-19 pandemic on all our lives over the past year. Amongst
the many changes seen as a result of the emergence of Covid-19 is a sharpened appetite for sustainability
at local, national and global levels. This renewed focus is driving companies to embed sustainable
behaviour and consider their duty of care to employees, customers, stakeholders and the planet.

Pollen Street are pleased with the progress and impacts we are seeing across the ESG agenda, combined
with external recognition of our efforts.

e N
fi 20 Earlier this year Pollen Street was named the Best Responsible

ia Alternative Investment Team UK 2021 by Capital Finance Magazine

RESPONSIBLE (CFl.co). The award recognises Pollen Street Capital’s efforts in
INVESTMENT responsible investing.

WINNER UK

© ESG in the investment process

The Investment Manager has embedded Environmental, Social and Governance as a core part of its
investment process — from identifying ESG risks pre-acquisition, through to working with credit partners
post-acquisition to embed this ESG framework, drive value creation and monitor performance against key
criteria - and operates on a continuous-improvement basis.

Through up-front due diligence, Pollen Street identifies how strong the prospective credit partner's ESG
programme is, and where we can support them as they develop their ESG policies and practices as they
join the portfolio. The assessment covers areas such as ESG risks, along with the focus areas in our
impact framework.

Governance and Oversight

Since 2019, Pollen Street has extended the use of the Pollen Street Hub to encompass the ESG agenda.
The Hub aims to drive the practical application of ESG issues with a focus on core areas of impact, along
with reporting and sharing of best-practice. Pollen Street has an ESG committee which is responsible for
setting the strategy, framework and processes to ensure that effective ESG policies are implemented and
overseen.

Honeycomb Investment Trust pic - interim Report and Unaudited Financial Statements a

&y Engagement and embedding ESG
within Pollen Street

Pollen Street seeks to increase awareness of the potential for positive impact in financial services to all its
stakeholders. Pollen Street uses the United Nations’ Sustainable Development Goals to seek to ensure all
investments meet minimum standards, while generating strong returns for its investors. Our Environmental,
Social and Governance Policy explains how we think, behave and invest responsibly. This includes how we
can help drive impact in the counterparties we invest through and the companies we invest in. Our policy
also explains how we consider the principal adverse impacts of investment decisions on sustainability
factors, aligned to the Sustainable Finance Disclosure Regulation (“SFDR’”).

The Manager provides regular training and education to teams to help them understand and identify the
relevance and importance of ESG factors in investment activities.

Sustainable Development Goals

gaara
Tt

1 | Ena 16 = 17 famcst
os ¥% 1 @

The Investment Manager is a signatory to the United Nations’ Principles of Responsible Investment and
seeks to drive continued improvement through the ESG initiatives that it has in place across the portfolio.

Signatory of:
Oo Principles for
a Responsible
o Investment

Pollen Street publishes an annual ESG Report which provides progress and highlights from its ESG
strategy. The report also includes details on Pollen Street's Ten Years’ Time philanthropy program partners.
The program aims to connect ESG impact with Pollen Street and its incredible people and expertise.

Find out more here: https://www.pollencap.com/responsible-investing/

Honeycomb Investment Trust plc - interim Report and Unaudited Financial Statements 2