POLLEN
STREET

Registered Number: 09899024

Y wwagunu

POLLEN STREET LIMITED

ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS:
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025

Annual Report and Accounts

Potten Street Limited
Registered Number: 09899024

Company information

Directors

Registered Number

Registered Office

Independent Auditors

LMcMurray
MJG Potter

IMC Gascoigne

JD Scotcher

CK Goldsmith (appointed 22 January 2026)

09899024

11-12 Hanover Square
London
wis 1)

PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
7 More London Riverside
London

SE1 2RT

Annual Report and Accounts

Pollen Street Limited
Registered Number: 09899024

Table of contents

Company Information...
Strategic Report...
Directors’ Report.
‘Statement of directors’ responsibilities in respect of the financial statements ...
Independent auditors’ report to the members of Pollen Street Limited.

Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income

‘Statement of Financial Position ..

Statement of Changes in Shareholders’ Funds..

Statement of Cash Flows..

Notes to the Financial Statements ....

Annual Report and Accounts

Pollen Street Limited
Registered Number: 09899024

Strategic Report
For the year ended 31 December 2025

The directors present their strategic report for the Company for the year ended 31 December 2025.

Principal activities and review of the business

Pollen Street Limited (the “Company” or together with its subsidiaries, the “Investment Company” and together with its parent
company, Pollen Street Group Limited (“PSGL"), and the parent company subsidiaries, the “Group” or “Pollen Street”) is an
investment company that holds on-balance sheet direct investments, as well as commitments to Private Equity and Private
Credit funds managed by the Group. These investments deliver attractive risk adjusted returns aligned with the Group's Limited
Partner (“LP”) investors.

Further information on the Pollen Street business can be found on the Group’s website.

PSC Service Company Limited, a fellow subsidiary of PSGL, employs staff and maintains systems relating to general business
development and activities that are not subject to regulation.

Review of strategy and business modet

Our investment strategies have proven resilient in the current turbulent market environment. Our ability to deliver consistent,
high-quality returns, within an attractive risk framework, positions us strongly for sustainable, long-term growth. The strength
of our balance sheet remains a crucial differentiator and enables us to align ourselves with the Group’s Limited Partner
investors.

The Company delivered strong returns in the year with Profit before tax of £24.0 million (2024: £24.2 million), in tine with
‘expectations notwithstanding funding £6.6 million of Group share buybacks, which had the effect of reducing invested assets,
and the effects of equalisation on its investments in Pollen Street managed funds, linked to the strong fundraising performance.
We have maintained our disciplined investment approach resulting in robust performance which is well diversified across deals
and borrowers as well as the Pollen Street managed funds. The largest investment accounted for 13.9 per cent of the portfolio
(2024: 11.6 per cent), with the portfolio being 95 per cent invested in Credit Assets and 5 per cent invested in Private Equity
Assets (either in direct deals or through Pollen Street managed funds). The Company portfolio has seen high levels of cash
generation in the year driven by realisations, interest payments and amortisation of ongoing positions. This cash generation
demonstrates the quality and liquidity of the portfolio and facilitates the rotation of the portfolio from direct investments to
focus on investing in Pollen Street managed funds.

This transition has continued to progress during the year with £132 million committed to Pollen Street managed funds at the
year end by the Company, with an additional £56 million made by Pollen Street Investments Limited, a wholly owned subsidiary
of the Company. These commitments were 72 per cent drawn as at 31 December 2025, and are expected to continue to draw
over the investment period of the funds. As at 31 December 2025, the investment portfolio was £451 million (2024: £439
million).

Key performance indicators

The Company monitors three core measures: Income and Return on Net Investment Assets (represented by Profit before tax)
and Balance-sheet leverage, to assess progress against its strategy of generating attractive, risk-adjusted returns while
‘supporting Pollen Street managed funds.

During the year, Profit before tax was £24.0 million (2024: £24.2 million), driven by sustained yields on the senior credit portfolio.
This translated into a Return on Average Net Investment Assets of 9.4 per cent (2024: 7.4 per cent). This is in line with the
Board’s medium-term expectations.

At the year-end the book was 95 per cent invested in Credit Assets and 5 per cent in Private Equity exposures, maintaining
diversification and a predictable income profile.

The balance sheet remains conservatively geared: total drawn leverage is £199.7 million (2024: £188.3 million) and the
Company has an additional £3.6 million (2024: £4.4 million) of cash. This results in a strong liquidity position and a net debt-
to-gross investment assets ratio of 43 per cent (2024: 42 per cent). The Board considers this level of leverage appropriate for
the Company's asset mix.

Collectively, these KPIs confirm that the Company continues to deliver resilient returns while providing strategic balance-sheet
capital that is fully aligned with the Group's Limited Partner investors.

Section 172(1) of the Companies Act 2006
The Directors’ overarching duty is to actin good faith and in a way that is the most likely to promote the success of the Company.
In doing so, the Directors must take into consideration the interests of the various stakeholders, the impact the Company has
‘on the community and the environment, take a long-term view on consequences of the decisions they make as well as aim to
maintain a reputation for high'standards of business conduct.

Annual Report and Accounts 4

Pollen Street Limited
Registered Number: 09899024

Strategic Report (continued)
For the year ended 31 December 2025

Section 172(1) of the Companies Act 2006 (continued)

The importance of the stakeholder considerations, in particular in the context of decision-making, is taken into account at every
Group-tevel board and committee meeting. All discussions involve careful considerations of the longer-term consequences of
any decisions and their implications for stakeholders. In fulfilling their duties, the Directors’ concentrate on four principal groups
of stakeholders and the ways it engaged with them in 2025.

* Borrowers & fund investments - These are essential stakeholders in the Company's investment ecosystem. These
businesses are not only the source of returns for the Company and the wider Group but also play a significant role in
creating economic value and driving sustainable growth. The Group is committed to fostering strong relationships
with these stakeholders to ensure mutual success. Through the investment teams, the Company maintains regular,
senior-level dialogue with borrower management teams both before and after committing capital, and this base is is
used to foster a collaborative dynamic throughout the lifetime of the deal;

* Shareholders - The Company is wholly owned by Pollen Street Group Limited and engages with the parent through
regular meetings with senior management, including the Group CFO, and monthly performance reports. These
interactions allow the parent to express its expectations around capital allocation, leverage and dividend policy while
giving the opportunity to highlight emerging opportunities and risks within the investment portfolio; and

« Regulators - The Company regularly considers how it meets various regulatory and statutory obligations, how it
follows voluntary and best-practice guidance and how any governance decisions it makes can have an impact on its
stakeholders, both in the shorter and in the longer term. Compliance with the UK regulatory framework remains
paramount. Management maintains open, proactive dialogue with regulators and relevant bodies and keeps the
Board apprised of any feedback; and

* Financing counterparties - The treasury team engages frequently with the banks that provide the Company's secured
revolving credit facility to ensure covenant compliance and to discuss market conditions that may influence future
refinancing.

By actively considering the views and interests of these stakeholders in every significant decision, the Board believes it
continues to promote the long-term, sustainable success of the Company while contributing positively to the wider Group.

The Company is subject to a range of risks including business risk, operational risk, credit risk and liquidity risk. The Directors’
are responsible for oversight of these risks and has established a risk management framework to ensure that the Company has
adequate capital and liquidity resources to meet its liabilities as they fall due. The following summary of key risks has been
identified as having the potential to be material; it is not exhaustive of those faced by the Company. It includes emerging risks
and has been reviewed at a Group level on a regular basis and recorded on the Group's risk register.

Effective risk management underpins the successful delivery of our strategy and longer-term sustainability of the business, and
offers an integrated approach to the evaluation, control and monitoring of the risks that the Company faces. A clear
organisational structure with well defined, transparent, and consistent lines of responsibility exists, and effective processes to
identify, manage, monitor, and report the risks the Company is or might be exposed to, or the Company poses or might pose to.
others, have been implemented. The risks arising from the pursuit of the business’ strategy, as well as the risks to achieving the
Company's strategy have been analysed carefully and arrangements in place are appropriate and proportionate to the nature,
scale and complexity of the risks inherent in the business model and the activities of the Company. The Directors’ are
responsible for oversight of the Company's risk management systems and processes and oversees the management of the key
risks across the organisation.

Risk Environment 2025 .

2025 marked another strong year of returns for the Company, extending its robust long-term track record, notwithstanding
geopolitical and macroeconomic uncertainties. The global economic and financial environment through 2025 continued to
evolve against a backdrop of persistent uncertainty and structural change. While inflation continued to moderate and central
banks began to ease monetary policy, the pace of rate reductions was slower than markets had initially anticipated, leaving the
cost of capital elevated relative to previous years and continuing to shape investor sentiment and asset valuations against a
backdrop of subdued economic growth.

Geopolitical tensions remained elevated, with continuing conflicts in Ukraine and persistent instability across parts of the
Middle East exerting pressure on energy markets, trade, and global supply chains. These conditions left markets sensitive to
further geopolitical shocks, particularly in energy-producing regions. Longer-term transformative forces such as
decarbonisation, digitisation, deglobalisation, and demographic shifts collectively reshaped, the global investment landscape
for many. The acceleration of artificial intelligence and other technological innovations continued to influence productivity
expectations, business models, and operating risks across many sectors.

The regulatory environment continued to evolve, with heightened expectations around transparency, Responsible Investment
integration, and operational resilience. The Company continues to embrace these developments closely and adapt its
governance, compliance and risk management frameworks accordingly.

Annual Report and Accounts : 5

Pollen Street Limited
Registered Number: 09899024

Strategic Report (continued)
For the year ended 31 December 2025

Risk Environment 2025 (continued)

Despite the complex environment, the Company's overall risk profile remains stable. The strength of our governance
arrangements and our disciplined approach to investment provides resilience against market volatility. As we move into 2026,
the Company remains focused on prudent risk management, capital preservation, and identifying opportunities that align with
our long-term investment philosophy.

The balance sheet remains robust with total assets of £575.4 million (2024: £536.0 million), £3.6 million (2024: £4.4 million)

of cash and cash equivalents and £303.4 million (2024: £315.2 million) of equity capital at 31 December 2025.

Principal risk assessment

Investment Underperformance and Financial Risks

Risk Description

@ Risk Management

2025 Summary

The Company's Investment Assets
are exposed to credit and market
risks. They may be impacted by
adverse economic and market
conditions, including —_higher
impairment charges or reduced
valuations.

In addition, credit risk, market risk
(such as interest rate risk, currency
risk & price risk), capital
management risk and liquidity risk
exists. Idiosyncratic risks in the
underlying loan portfolios may affect
the value and performance of the
Company's investments.

The Company has a proven track record of
making robust investment decisions and has in
place a strong team of investment
professionals delivering investment returns
that are resilient to market conditions and
idiosyncratic risks, and in line with published
guidance.

Investments are monitored regularly and
closely as part of the Company's ongoing
investment monitoring programmes, adhering
to the investment strategy. input is given by all
Investment Committee members to ensure
return objectives are met, and to anticipate
and discuss any underperformance. The
Investment Committee focuses on refinancing

The Company has a diversified,
granular portfolio of assets. Loans
are subject. to stringent
underwriting and stress testing.

Investment performance remains
robust. Further information is set
out in more detail in Note 14.

strategies, and assesses the impact of
geopolitical developments, shifts in market
sentiment, throughout the life of an
investment.

Responsible investing
Responsible investment is fundamental to how the Company builds robust, resilient businesses capable of delivering strong
and sustainable growth. It underpins our investment philosophy and supports long-term value creation for our investors, our
people and wider society. Our approach embeds high standards of sustainability across the investment lifecycle — from
origination and due diligence through to ownership, active engagement and disciplined monitoring.

During 2025, the Company continued to strengthen its Responsible Investment programme. We advanced our data-driven
sustainability scoring, now in its fifth year, deepened collaboration across the portfolio and further integrated sustainability into
risk management and strategic decision-making. The Group also enhanced governance frameworks, expanded our capability
in Responsible Al, and progressed our climate approach in line with Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures
(“TCFD”), the Private Markets Decarbonisation Roadmap and evolving disclosure requirements. Key achievements during the
year included: continued improvement in sustainability scores across the portfolio, driven by targeted engagement and data-
led action plans; strengthening governance through -policy library expansion, supply-chain sustainability initiatives and
enhanced regulatory readiness; deepening social impact through culture and inclusion initiatives, early-careers programmes
and community partnerships; progressing climate action through improved carbon emissions measurement and broader
preparation of decarbonisation and net-zero plans; expanding stewardship through active engagement, cross-portfolio forums
and participation in industry working groups; and sourcing attractive financing opportunities in renewable-energy and green
transition initiatives within Private Credit.

The Company tracks its commitment to responsible investment through direct, measurable goals at both Group and investment
level. These include promoting strong governance across the portfolio, ensuring sustainability matters are included on all board
agendas and supported by comprehensive policy frameworks; and maintaining carbon-neutral status at the corporate level
each year and supporting portfolio companies and borrowers to achieve net zero efficiently within five years of investment for
all investments made since 2021.

Annual Report and Accounts 6

Pollen Street Limited
Registered Number: 09899024

Strategic Report (continued)
For the year ended 31 December 2025

Outlook

The Company enters 2026 with strong momentum and confidence in delivering against our targets for the year ahead.
Notwithstanding the uncertain macroeconémic environment, complex geopolitical backdrop and ever-changing market
dynamics, the Board believes the outlook for the Company is positive. Our investment strategy has demonstrated performance
across cycles, supported by disciplined risk management and strong governance.

Approved by the Board on 14 May 2026 and signed on its behalf by:

[cr

Crispin Goldsmith
Director
14 May 2026

Annual Report and Accounts . 7

Pollen Street Limited
Registered Number: 09899024

Directors’ Report
For the year ended 31 December 2025

The directors present their report for the year ended 31 December 2025.

Key information
Pollen Street Limited is a private company limited by shares, incorporated, domiciled and registered in England, United Kingdom
with registered number 09899024. The registered office is 11-12 Hanover Square, London, W1S 1JJ, United Kingdom.

Directors .
The directors who were in office during the year and up to the date of signing the financial statements were:

-LMcMurray
MJG Potter
1M C Gascoigne
JD Scotcher
CK Goldsmith (appointed 22 January 2026)

Results and dividends
The profit for the year amounted to £20.9 million (2024: £23.8 million).

During the year, dividends of £32.8 million (2024: £24.9 million) were approved.

Going concern

The directors have a reasonable expectation that the Company has adequate resources to continue in operational existence
for the foreseeable future, being a period of at least twelve months from the date that this report and financial statements will
be approved. Accordingly, the directors continue to adopt the going concer basis in preparing these financial statements.

Financial risk management
The Company's principal financial risks comprise credit risk, market risk (including interest rate, currency and price risk),
liquidity risk and capital management risk. As permitted by section 414C(11) of the Companies Act 2006, the directors have
chosen to disclose information on the Company's financial risk management objectives and policies, and its exposure to these
risks, in the Strategic Report under "Principal risk assessment". Further quantitative disclosures are set out in Note 14 to the
financial statements.

Directors’ and officers’ insurance and indemnities
In accordance with the Company's Articles, a qualifying third-party indemnity is in force to the extent permitted by law for the
benefit of each of the Directors in respect of liabilities incurred as a result of their office. For those liabilities for which Directors
may not be indemnified, the Group maintains insurance for the Directors in respect of liabilities arising from the performance
of their duties. The directors’ and officers’ liability insurance has been renewed and will remain in place under the current
renewal until February 2027.

Borrowing
The Directors’ have set a limit on net borrowings at 100 per cent of share capital and reserves. This timit was adhered to during
the year ended 31 December 2025 and the year ended 31 December 2024.

Hedging . .
The Company hedges currency exposure between Sterling and any other currency in which the Company's assets may be
denominated, including US Dollars and Euros.

The Company seeks to arrange suitable hedging contracts, such as foreign exchange swap agreements and other foreign
currency derivative contracts in a timely manner and on terms acceptable to the Company to hedge its foreign exchange risk.
Details of derivative financial instruments in place at 31 December 2025 can be found in Note 10.

Approved by the Board on 14 May 2026 and signed on its behalf by:

Crispin Goldsmith

Director
14 May 2026

Annual Report and Accounts 8

Pollen Street Limited
Registered Number: 09899024

Statement of directors’ responsibilities in respect of the financial statements
The directors are responsible for preparing the Annual Report and Accounts and the financial statements in accordance with
applicable law and regulation. .

Company law requires the directors to prepare financial statements for each financial year. Under that law the directors have
prepared the financial statements in accordance with UK-adopted international accounting standards.

Under company law, directors must not approve the financial statements unless they are satisfied that they: give a true and fair
view of the state of affairs of the company and of the profit or loss of the company for that period. In preparing the financial
statements, the directors are required to:

* select suitable accounting policies and then apply them consistently;

‘* state whether applicable UK-adopted international accounting standards have been followed, subject to any material
departures disclosed and explained in the financial statements;

‘© make judgements and accounting estimates that are reasonable and prudent; and
prepare the financial statements on the going concern basis unless it is inappropriate to presume that the company
will continue in business.

The directors are responsible for safeguarding the assets of the company and hence for taking reasonable steps for the
prevention and detection of fraud and other irregularities.

The directors are also responsible for keeping adequate accounting records that are sufficient to show and explain the
company’s transactions and disclose with reasonable accuracy at any time the financial position of the company and enable
them to ensure that the financial statements comply with the Companies Act 2006.

Directors’ confirmations
In the case of each director in office at the date the directors’ report is approved:

* so far as the director is aware, there is no relevant audit information of which the company’s auditors are unaware;
and

* they have taken all the steps that they ought to have taken as a director in order to make themselves aware of any
relevant audit information and to establish that the company’s auditors are aware of that information.

fac

Crispin Goldsmith (on behalf of the Board)
Director
14 May 2026

Annual Report and Accounts . 9

Pollen Street Limited
Registered Number: 09899024

Independent auditors’ report to the members of Pollen Street Limited

Report on the audit of the financial statements

Opinion
tn our opinion, Pollen Street Limited's financial statements:

* give a true and fair view of the state of the Company's affairs as at 31 December 2025 and of its profit and cash flows
for the year then ended;

* have been properly prepared in accordance with UK-adopted international accounting standards; and

* have been prepared in accordance with the requirements of the Companies Act 2006.

We have audited the financial statements, included within the Annual Report and Accounts (the “Annual Report”), which
comprise: .

* the Statement of Financial Position as at 31 December 2025;

* the Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income for the year then ended;

«the Statement of Changes in Shareholders’ Funds for the year then ended;

* the Statement of Cash Flows for the year then ended; and

«the notes to the financial statements, comprising material accounting policy information and other explanatory

information.

Basis for opinion

We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (UK) (“ISAs (UK)”) and applicable law. Our
responsibilities under ISAs (UK) are further described in the Auditors’ responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements
‘section of our report. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for
‘our opinion.

Independence
We remained independent of the Company in accordance with the ethical requirements that aré relevant to our audit of the
financial statements in the UK, which includes the FRC’s Ethical Standard, and we have fulfilled our other ethical
responsibilities in accordance with these requirements.

Conclusions relating to going concern

Based on the work we have performed, we have not identified any material uncertainties relating to events or conditions that,
individually or collectively, may cast significant doubt on the company’s ability to continue as a going concern for a period of at
least twelve months from when the financial statements are authorised for issue.

In auditing the financial statements, we have concluded that the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting in the
preparation of the financial statements is appropriate.

However, because not all future events or conditions can be predicted, this conclusion is not a guarantee as to the company's
ability to continue as a going concern.

Our responsibilities and the responsibilities of the directors with respect to going concern are described in the relevant sections
of this report.

Reporting on other information

The other information comprises all of the information in the Annual Report other than the financial statements and our auditors’
report thereon. The directors are responsible for the other information. Our opinion on the financial statements does not cover
the other information and, accordingly, we do not express an audit opinion or, except to the extent otherwise explicitly stated in
this report, any form of assurance thereon.

In connection with our audit of the financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information and, in doing so, ~
consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the financial statemenits or our knowledge obtained in
the audit, or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If we identify an apparent material inconsistency or material
misstatement, we are required to perform procedures to conclude whether there is a material misstatement of the financial
statements or a material misstatement of the other information. If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that
there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report based
on these responsibilities. °

With respect to the Strategic report and Directors’ report, we also considered whether the disclosures required by the UK
Companies Act 2006 have been included.

Based on our work undertaken in the course of the audit, the Companies Act 2006 requires us also to report certain opinions
and matters as described below.

Strategic report and Directors’ report

'n our opinion, based on the work undertaken in the course of the audit, the information given in the Strategic report and
Directors’ report for the year ended 31 December 2025 is consistent with the financial statements and has been prepared in
accordance with applicable legal requirements.

Annual Report and Accounts . 10

Pollen Street Limited
Registered Number: 09899024

In light of the knowledge and understanding of the company and its environment obtained in the course of the audit, we did not
identify any material misstatements in the Strategic report and Directors’ report.

Responsibilities for the financial statements and the audit

Responsibilities of the directors for the financial statements

As explained more fully in the Statement of Directors’ Responsibilities in respect of the financial statements, the directors are
responsible for the preparation of the financial statements in accordance with the applicable framework and for being satisfied
that they give a true and fair view. The directors are also responsible for such internal control as they determine is necessary to
enable the preparation of financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

In preparing the financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the company’s ability to continue as a going
concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless the
directors either intend to liquidate the company or to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

Auditors’ responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole are free from material
misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditors’ report that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance
is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with ISAs (UK) will always detect a
material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually
or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these
financial statements.

Irregularities, including fraud, are instances of non-compliance with laws and regulations. We design procedures in line with
our responsibilities, outlined above, to detect material misstatements in respect of irregularities, including fraud. The extent to
which our procedures are capable of detecting irregularities, including fraud, is detailed below.

Based on our understanding of the company and industry, we identified that the principal risks of non-compliance with laws
and regulations related to the Companies Act 2006 and UK tax legislation, and we considered the extent to which non-
compliance might have a material effect on the financial statements. We evaluated management's incentives and opportunities
for fraudulent maniputation of the financial statements (including the risk of override of controls), and determined that the
principal risks were related to posting inappropriate journal entries and management bias in accounting estimates. Audit
procedures performed by the engagement team included:

* Discussions with management and the directors, including consideration of known or suspected instances of non-
compliance with laws and regulation and fraud;

+ — Challenging assumptions and judgements made by management in determining significant accounting estimates, in
particular in relation to the valuation of equity assets held at fair value, and the allowance for expected credit losses
on credit assets at amortised cost;

* Identifying and testing journal entries meeting specific fraud criteria, including those posted with certain account
combinations;

© Obtaining confirmations from third parties to confirm the existence of'a sample of balances; and

«Incorporating unpredictability in the selection of the nature, timing and’extent of audit procedures performed.

There are inherent limitations in the audit procedures described above. We are less likely to become aware of instances of non-
compliance with laws and regulations that are not closely related to events and transactions reflected in the financial
statements. Also, the risk of not detecting a material misstatement due to fraud is higher than the risk of not detecting one
resulting from error, as fraud may involve deliberate conceatment by, for example, forgery or intentional misrepresentations, or
through collusion.

A further description of our responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements is located on the FRC’s website at:
wwwfrc.org.uk/auditorsresponsibilities. This description forms part of our auditors’ report.

Use of this report
This report, including the opinions, has been prepared for and only for the company’s members as a body in accordance with
Chapter 3 of Part 16 of the Companies Act 2006 and for no other purpose. We do not, in giving these opinions, accept or assume
responsibility for any other purpose or to any other person to whom this report is shown or into whose hands it may come save
where expressly agreed by our prior consent in writing.

Other required reporting
Companies Act 2006 exception reporting
Under the Companies Act 2006 we are required to report to you if, in our opinion:

* we have not obtained all the information and explanations we require for our audit; or

* _ adequate accounting records have not been kept by the company, or returns adequate for our audit have not been
received from branches not visited by us; or

* certain disclosures of directors’ remuneration specified by law are not made; or

* _ the financial statements are not in agreement with the accounting records and returns.

Annual Report and Accounts 1

Pollen Street Limited
Registered Number: 09899024

We have no exceptions to report arising from this responsibility.
Claire Sandford (Senior Statutory Auditor)

‘for and on behalf of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP

Chartered Accountants and Statutory Auditors

London
14 May 2026

Annual Report and Accounts