Honeycomb
Investment Trust

Annual Report and Audited
Financial Statements

For the year ended
31 December 2021

|

A

A03 15/06/2022 #286
COMPANIES HOUSE

WEDNESDAY

Regisierad Numiser:
09899024

Table of Contents

1 Strategic Report...
The Company..
Investment Objective.
Investment Manage
Performance Highlights
Investment Characteristics.
Impact... os
Chairman's Statement...
Investment Manager's Report.
Top Ten Holdings...
Portfolio Composition
Business Review......
Principal Risks and Uncertainties .
Key Performance Indicators...

2 Directors’ Report
Board of Directors...
Statutory Information...
Corporate Governance Statement
Report of the Audit Committee
Directors’ Remuneration Report...
Statement of Directors’ responsibi
Independent auditors’ report to the members of Honeycomb Investment Trust plc....

ies in respect of the financial statements.

3 Financial Statements...
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
Company Statement of Financial Position...
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Shareholders’ Fund
Company Statement of Changes in Shareholders’ Funds..
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows...
Company Statement of Cash Flows ..
Notes to the Financial Statement:

4 Shareholders’ Information

Directors, Portfolio Manager and Advisers

5 Definitions and Reconciliation to Alternative Performance
Measures..

Honeycomb Investment Trust plc - Annual Report and Audited Financial Statements 2021

Strategic
Report

Honeycomb Investment Trust plc ~ Annual Report and Audited Financial Statements 2021

The Company

Honeycomb Investment Trust plc ("the Company’ or “Honeycomb’) is a UK-listed investment trust dedicated to providing investors
with access to asset backed lending opportunities that Pollen Street Capital Limited ("Pollen Street” or the "Investment Manager’)
believes have potential to generate high income returns together with strong capital preservation.

Investment Objective

The Company and its subsidiaries (together, “the Group’) operate an asset backed credit strategy that delivers stable income alongside
strong downside protection through providing predominantly senior lending to non-bank lenders secured on their underlying loan
portfolios. The investment strategy is supported by the ongoing structural changes in the financial services industry that create a
significant opportunity for non-bank lenders to reach customers who are underserved by mainstream banks with bespoke and
appropriate products. The strategy is focused on generating positive impact around five key areas where Honeycomb can make a
meaningful difference: environmental impact; affordable housing; financial inclusion, regional economic growth and the highest
standards of governance.

Investment Manager

Pollen Street serves as the Company's investment manager. Pollen Street is an independent, alternative investment management
company specialising in the financial and business services sector and has extensive experience investing in both credit and private
equity strategies.

Performance Highlights .

Dividend Yield? {

{

8.0% Dividend yield stable at 8.0 percent of IPO issue price- |
in line with the published target 1

. 8.0%
‘

Note - target dividend is nota profit forecast

Target 8.0%
NAV Return?
7.7% Strong NAV return at 8.5 percent with no down
months
8.5%
NAV per Share!
1013p NAVper share increasing

1,019p

Dividend Vield: calculated as the total declared dividends forthe period divided by IPO issue price. ofthe year, divided by the number of shares. hare Price: closing mid-market share price at month
NAV Return calculated as Net Asset Value (Cum Income) at the end of the year, plusdividends _end (excluding dividends reinvested).

declared during the year, less NAV (Cum Income) atthe end ofthe year, dMided by NAV (Cum

‘ncome) calculated on a per share basis. NAV per Share: Net Asset Value (Cum Income) at theend ‘See section § for reconciliation to Alternative Performance Measures

Honeycomb investment Trust plc - Annual Report and Audited Financial Statements 2021 4

Investment Characteristics

NON-BANK LENDING

Non-bank lending is now an integral part of the lending
landscape, providing financing to millions of consumers and
businesses, including those that are underserved by high street
banks.

Since the global financial crisis, the role of non-bank lenders
has become increasingly an important part of a well-
functioning lending market as the large traditional banks
fundamentally changed their approach to the lending markets
that they were focussed on. Faced with both internal and
external pressures, they retrenched from many products and
services and focused on only vanilla, commodity markets
where scale and cost of funding enable them to remain
relevant and competitive.

Specialist players, able to tailor products to meet the needs of
target customer groups, often combining strong service
standards coupled together with deployment of data and
technology to curate highly attractive products in their selected
fields provide a critical role in ensuring important parts of the
economy continue to be serviced by high quality lending
products.

The non-bank lending market is already large at an estimated
£330 billion’ in the UK alone, and these structural changes have
been accelerated by Covid-19 disruption.

IMPACT

Impact investments are a key focus, including environmental
impact; affordable housing; financial inclusion; regional
economic growth and the highest standards of governance.

As traditional banks retrench, they exclude an increasing
number of ordinary working people from their service levels.
Some reports suggest that 25% of all adults in the UK do not
meet the criteria for mainstream banking offerings and
therefore there is an important role to play for non-bank
lenders to offer tailored products to ensure supportive and
appropriate financial inclusion is accelerated across the
economy.

1 Bank of England, Ernst & Young, Financing & Leasing Association and
Pollen Street internal estimates

As the population becomes more engaged in having a positive
impact and seeking to live their lives on a sustainable basis, it
is expected that focused lending products such as to finance
energy efficient products in the home and transportation, will
become more in demand. These products have an important
role to play in enabling ordinary people to finance life
improvements,

Finally, as a highly respected partner to these lending
businesses, the Group, through the Investment Manager, can
bring a consistency of governance and ensure that ethical,
sustainable and responsible practices are built into all
investment processes.

HONEYCOMB PROPOSITION

The Group provides predominantly senior lending secured on
diverse portfolios of financial (typically loan portfolios) and
hard assets that generate predictable cash flows. This is
typically to non-bank lenders but can also encompass other
businesses that have large and diverse portfolios of assets (for
example, electric vehicle leasing providers).

This approach allows Honeycomb to benefit from the
advanced origination and underwriting capabilities of its
borrowers but maintaining significant downside protection
through typically taking a senior position. The borrower is fully
aligned with the Group and their return is realised after the debt
of the Group is serviced. The facilities Honeycomb provides are
typically of short duration, with an average life of 2 to 3 years.
The cash generated by the portfolio of assets on which the
facility is secured generates sufficient cash flow to repay our
loan removing refinancing and exit risk.

The investment objective is to deliver consistent returns and a
diversified portfolio with high quality borrowers, rigorous
investment process and robust downside protection. Sector
specialism, strong networks with partners and proprietary deal
flow are key facilitators in driving compelling returns, while
stringently monitoring and managing risk. The Company aims
to be the market-leading finance partner to the non-bank and
broader asset based finance sector.

The combination of this asset backed strategy and the speed
of growth amongst non-bank lenders drives high and stable
income generation alongside a large and growing market
opportunity for the Company to be highly selective in the loans
it provides. This means the Company has a low volatility in NAV
and dividend resilience.

Honeycomb Investment Trust plc ~ Annual Report and Audited Financial Statements 2021

Impact

In lending, we see a large and growing opportunity for non-bank lenders to reach customers that are underserved by mainstream
banks with bespoke and appropriate products. Our focus on Impact is built around 5 key areas where Honeycomb makes a meaningful

difference:
Environmental Impact:
©: Reducing the carbon footprint and energy consumption of homes is one
1 . of the key-ways that people can have a positive impact on the
environment. Our lenders help finance home improvements that improve

energy efficiency, and we are now also focused on the electrification of

transport.

Affordable Housing:
2 Our real estate lending strategy aims to improve the quality of the

Oo a o property stock and support the creation of affordable, efficient and good

value homes.

Financial Inclusion:
Our lending supports financial inclusion at a time when mainstream
Coe lenders are offering only vanilla automated products. Some reports
3 suggest that 25% of all adults in the UK do not meet the criteria for
+) mainstream banking offerings. There is an important role to play for non-
bank lenders to offer tailored products to ensure supportive and

appropriate financial inclusion across the economy.

+
oa
oo
a0

Regional Economic Growth:

— Lending to support SMEs and communities is ever more critical to
support regional growth across the UK. We work to support SME lenders
who are close to the customers and are able to offer tailored products to
tt} 9 support them in a prudent way. We also partner with experienced real
estate lenders with 96% of funding, across the Manager's investments in
2021, going to projects outside of London. 7

Highest Standards of Governance:

All our lending partners are required to demonstrate and embed the
highest quality of governance and their own three lines of defence which
we ensure is being compliéd with as part of our on-going monitoring.

Honeycomb investment Trust ple ~ Annual Report and Audited Financial Statements 2021

o

Chairman’s Statement

| am pleased to present the Annual Report and Audited
Financial Statements for Honeycomb Investment Trust plc,
which covers the year ended 31 December 2021.

YEAR UNDER REVIEW

In an environment where the economy and businesses were
cautiously returning to a ‘new normal’ of trading, Honeycomb
Investment Trust pic has continued to perform well throughout
the year executing on a strong pipeline of opportunities. The
Company started the year with a robust cash position, and a
pipeline of opportunities presenting strong underlying asset
returns, and as a result of this was able to produce the
strongest year since 2017.

Earnings for the year were £30.3m (2020: £20.7m) and monthly
performance was consistent, delivering 8.5% NAV return for the
year, up from 7.7% over 2020. The stability of the returns is 2
testament to the successful strategy.

The impairment charge for the year has reduced from £5.6
million in 2020 to a release of £0.8 million in 2021. The
reduction in impairment charge is attributable to the focus on
senior secured credit that protects the Company from adverse
credit losses and the improving economic outlook, The bridge
on page 16 provides more details on the composition of the
returns.

The Company continued to declare dividends at 20.00 pence per
share each quarter. This is in line with the target dividend yield
of 8.0 per cent annualised dividend on the issued share price at
the Gompany’s initial public offering.

The share price closed the year at 945p on 31 December 2021,
which is a madest discount of 7.3% (2020: 7.0%) to NAV.

ESG

The Board has supported the Investment Manager's
Environmental Social and Governance ("ESG’) programme
cover the course of the year, with progress made in embedding
ESG as an integral part of the investment process. There are 5
key impact areas that are described in more detail on page 6.
This is ever more critical in the current environment and the
Board is excited to advance our progress towards sustainability
in 2022 and beyond.

OUTLOOK

2021 has been a year of execution and consistency for
Honeycomb. Having demonstrated the stability of the strategy
over 2021 the Board is confident the Company will continue to
deliver attractive investment returns. Looking ahead there are a
number of factors that position Honeycomb strongly for 2022.

Firstly, market dynamics continue to drive compelling
investment opportunities. Non-bank lending is an increasingly
critical part of the lending landscape, providing financing to
millions, including those that are underserved by high street
banks. The Company continues to aim to be the finance partner
of choice for the non-bank sector. Thanks to deep expertise and
relationships, the Investment Manager is able to source most
investments internally and negotiate bi-laterally.

Second is the strategy employed by the Company to address
these investment opportunities. The strategy focuses on senior
secured, asset-based credit investments, which is a structure
that aligns interests between Honeycomb and its borrowers.
The strategy has driven stable NAV returns over 2021.

Finally, positive societal and environmental impact continues to
be an important feature of the Honeycomb investment strategy.
Lending over the course of 2021 has supported regional
economic growth, affordable homes and the transition towards
a net zero emissions economy.

Honeycomb Investment Trust plc - Annual Report and Audited Financial Statements 2021

COMBINATION WITH POLLEN
STREET

On 15 February 2022, Honeycomb announced that it had
reached agreement on the terms of a recommended all share
combination with Pollen Street Capital Holdings Limited, the
parent company of the Investment Manager. Under the terms
of the agreement, Honeycomb will acquire the entire issued
share capital of Pollen Street Capital Holdings Limited in
exchange for shares in the combined group such that the
Honeycomb and Pollen Street businesses will be combined
into a premium listed entity, owned by the shareholders of
Honeycomb and Pollen Street. The combination is conditional
on shareholder and regulatory approval. At announcement,
shareholders representing 56.4% of Honeycomb's issued
share capital have given their support for the transaction.

As shareholders know, Honeycomb has been delivering strong
and stable performance since inception in 2015, consistently
delivering a net investment return of c.8%

We feel privileged to have many supportive shareholders, and
thank them for their longstanding support

I strongly believe that this is an extremely attractive opportunity
for shareholders, as a combination with Pollen Street will
accelerate growth and unlock value, delivering recurring
income, retaining an attractive dividend yield (anticipated to
be 6.5% and 6.6% in 2022 and 2023 respectively?, on the basis
of Pollen Street shareholders having agreed to waive dividends
on 50% of consideration shares issued to them through 2022
and 2023) whilst presenting strong growth opportunities. The
transaction is also expected to be EPS accretive in the second
full year post closing for Honeycomb’s shareholders?.

Pollen Street is a highly successful and fast growing alternative
asset manager with:

= deep capabilities in both Private Equity and Credit
with well-established and outperforming flagship
strategies

- a business that is benefiting from strong tailwinds
from investor demand in its products; and

- a business that is at an inflexion point with highly
visible growth ahead

The Board conducted extensive due diligence and believes
that the combination will generate substantial value for
shareholders, both because of the attractive valuation on
which Honeycomb is acquiring the Pollen Street business
compared to listed peers in the alternative asset management
sector, and because of the profile of the combined group going
forward. In particular the combined group will have:

2 Based on the Honeycomb share price of 967.5 pence on 14 February 2022
(being the last business day prior to announcement).

- a balance of recurring fee income and interest
income that delivers an attractive and growing
revenue profile; and

- exciting potential to accelerate high quality growth
as Honeycomb's capital can be deployed to unlocka
multiplier effect on capital raising and, in doing so,
accelerate the growth of new strategies.

The combined business will benefit from a complementary set
of investment management and balance sheet activities, with
strong earnings growth. The investment portfolio will continue
to be predominantly invested in high quality, diversified and
low risk asset based direct lending investments, generating
stable returns. The investment portfolio profile of the
combined group is expected: to remain in line with the
investment profile of Honeycomb on a stand-alone basis.

The transaction creates a business with a rare combination of
high growth and high income yield. It also presents strong
benefits for shareholders from a public market perspective:

- _ increased investor universe providing opportunity to
diversify the share register;

- larger scale and growth which is expected to attract
greater analyst coverage; and

- possibility for increased liquidity on account of the
larger market cap and potential future FTSE 250
inclusion.

Ashareholder circular will be published in due course and sent
to shareholders to provide further details of, and request
shareholder approval for the transaction.

The Board notes the current share price and if this persists will
consider reactivating the Company's share buyback
programme as the Board believes that at the current price the
Company's shares offer significant value and a share buyback
will be value accretive. The Board's policy is to consider
conducting share buybacks when the shares trade more than
5% below NAV subject to maintaining the Company's gearing
target limit.

| would like to thank my Board colleagues and the Investment
Manager for their hard work over 2021 and | look forward to
continuing to work together over 2022.

QS

Robert Sharpe

Chairman
1 March 2022

3 The statement that the combination is expected to be EPS accretive
should not be construed as a profit forecast, and should not be interpreted
to mean that the EPS in any future financial period will necessarily match
or be greater than those for any preceding financial period.

Honeycomb Investment Trust plc ~ Annual Report and Audited Financial Statements 2021

Investment Manager's Report

The Investment Manager, Pollen Street, is an independent
asset manager working across private equity and credit
strategies. Pollen Street was formed in 2013 and possesses a
strong and consistent track record within the financial and
business services sectors.

INVESTMENT PERFORMANCE

The Group has maintained its track record of investment
performance with earnings of £30.3m (2020: £20.7m); NAV
returns of 85 percent (2020: 7.7 per cent) and dividend yield of
8.0 per cent (2020: 8.0 per cent)

The Manager targets new investment opportunities with
credit asset returns of approximately 8 to 10 percent. The
portfolio remains stable, both with further advances invested
in existing facilities, and with new relationships. Pollen Street
continues to focus the portfolio on structured and secured
loans, reducing the risk of underperformance in the portfolio.

Profit for the year was £30.3 million (2020: £20.7 million), which
translated into a basic earnings per share of 86p (2020: 56.5
pence). This is equivatent to an annualiséd NAV return of 8.5,
percent (2020: 7.7 per cent). The growth is driven by an
increase in average investment assets with an average value
of £601.8million during the year (2020: £560.9m) combined
with a reduction in the ECL charge, from a charge of £5.8
million to a release of £0.8 million.

The Group ended the year with a net debt to equity of 70.%
per cent (31 December 2020: 59.1 per cent) which is within its
stated target of 50 per cent to 75 percent.

The Company has continued to meet its target dividend of 80
per cent based on the IPO issue price over the period and has
grown its NAV per share (cumulative of income) at the end of
the period of to 1,019 pence per ordinary share (31 December
2020: 1,013 pence).

We are pleased that the share price has been stable over the
course of 2021 closing at 945p (31 December 2020: 943p)

OTHER HIGHLIGHTS

In addition to the resilient investment performance, the
Company has continued to source and invest in senior
secured investments, with 76% of the portfolio in senior assets
and 97% structurally secured. In Q4 2021, the Company sold
all of the organic portfolio to enable it to focus on more
structured and secured loans.

“See section 5 for reconciliation of Altemative Performance Measures

During 2021, the Company made commitments of £48.2m to
two credit investment vehicles that are managed by Pollen
Street Capital. These investments allow Honeycomb to gain a
diversified exposure to a broader range of Pollen Street's new
investments when the Company is close to full deployment.

The Company also participated in a senior asset backed
facility to the largest pure-play electric vehicle subscription
business in Europe. The facility is directly secured on the fleet
of electric vehicles and will fund growth in the number of cars
to meet customer demand and drive increased access and
adoption of electric vehicles across Europe.

In June 2021 the Company sold Honeycomb's listed bond
portfolio (including Amigo Holdings Plc) realising a smalt
profit of £0.02m with the sales proceeds of £22.41m marginally
exceeding the net book value of the portfolio of £22.39m.

PORTFOLIO OVERVIEW

The portfolio compromises of £576.8 million of investments
balanced across the property, SME, consumer and
sustainability sectors. The portfolio is well-diversified, with an
average exposure of £16.2m, maximum single exposure of
£54,6m and the ten largest investments representing 65.5% of
Net Investment Assets.

Investments are secured on diverse asset portfolios, providing
high cash generation and stable returns. The strategy has
focused predominately on senior loans, with 76% of portfolio
in senior assets and 97% asset backed. Investments are all
structured on a bespoke basis with a focus on capital
Preservation with the strategy combining the structuring and
credit disciplines of asset-based finance with those of direct
lending.

The portfolio is focused on secured asset based Credit Assets.
These are loans to counterparties that benefit from two forms
of protection:

The Company has security over the underlying asset
portfolios that generate the cash flow for the
borrowers. Honeycomb can realise the collateral (sell
or run off) to cover any shortfall on its loan.

© The Company has seniority over other creditors and
equity holders for many deals meaning that other
counterparties bear the first loss from any
underperformance before the Company.

The resilience of the portfolio through this challenging year
demonstrates the strategy of selecting only the assets that
meet the strict risk adjusted returns criteria and maintaining
strong credit quality.

Honeycomb investment Trust plc - Annual Report and Audited Financial Statements 2021

Investment Assets by Type®

conser
taitv—
secured connumer

£615m'

seaterate

unsecure conmimer “1

CREDIT PERFORMANCE & RISK
MANAGEMENT

The Company's financial statements have been prepared in
accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards
(IFRSs*) including interpretations issued by the IFRS
Interpretations Committee adopted in the UK. Under IFRS 9,
impairment losses are recognised on a forward-looking basis,
taking into account both the risk profile of the Credit Assets
and the macroeconomic outlook at the balance sheet date.

The impairment charge for the year has reduced from £5.6
million in 2020 to a release of £0.8 million in 2021. The
reduction in impairment charge is attributable to the
Company's continued focus on senior secured Credit Assets.
As at 31 December 2021, 97% of the assets were structurally
secured (31 December 2020: 91%).

The Expected Credit Loss ("ECL”, “Impairment Provision”)
balance has reduced materially from £305 million as at 31
December 2020 to £10.8 million as at 31 December 2021. The
main driver of the reduction is sale of the consumer portfolio.
The risks arising from the investment assets are managed very
closely. The Group's performanceis linked to the health of the
economy and the Group could experience further
impairments and consequently reduced profits if economic
expectations deteriorate. However, the risk of this has been
mitigated by a focus on credit investments secured on loan
portfolios of non-bank lenders with strong downside
protection from senior ranking to the lender or borrower
equity as well as security over the cashflow generated by the
loan portfolio. This senior ranking provides insulation from
increasing defaults in the portfolio and provides stability of
returns.

Investment Assets includes equity assets held at fair value through profit
or loss, credit assets at amortised cost and credit assets held at fairvalue
through profit orloss

ESG & IMPACT

The Investment Manager has embedded Environmental,
Social and Governance “ESG’ as a core part of its investment
process - from identifying ESG risks when selecting and
assessing investments, through to working with credit
partners to embed an ESG framework and monitor
performance against key criteria and measures, linked to the
UN Sustainable Development Goals. Alongside ESG in the
investment process, the investment Manager has identified 5
key impact areas where the lending that Honeycomb
Investment Trust plc provides can make a meaningful
difference. These impact areas are listed on page 6. Progress
against ESG targets and positive impact for Investment
Manager as a whole is monitored and reported in the Pollen
Street Capital Annual ESG Report. The Investment Manager
collects data to measure the sustainability of operations as
well as the relevant ESG impact. As the nascent environment
for ESG data evolves, we are reviewing the data robustness
with our partners to improve and align reporting, This will
enable us to publish relevant ESG information in the future.

OUTLOOK

Honeycomb has built on a strong track record of consistent
credit performance and dividends with another successful
year in 2021. The strong financial performance has continued
following the end of the financial year with annualised NAV
returns of 8.1% in January 2022.

The role of non-bank lenders is ever increasing, as banks
narrow their focus and customers are attracted to platforms
that employ technology to deliver more tailored and efficient
service. Our strong pipeline of deals, with over £1bn of deals
under consideration by the investment manager, means we
are able to select those that align with our strategy and
ambitions in driving positive impact.

The outlook for the economy remains somewhat uncertain
with the potential impact of the various supply shortages, the
increasing cost-of-living and consequences of emerging
geopolitical events. Despite this we believe that Honeycomb
is well positioned for the future and we are proud to have
delivered strong returns for Honeycomb shareholders over
2021 and indeed since inception in 2015.

We are excited about the potential combination of Pollen
Street and Honeycomb and look forward to working with
B