Honeycomb
Investment Trust

Interim Report ond 4 Unaudited :
Financial | Statements |

For the period I Janiary 2022
t© 30 June 2022

TT IMT

‘e202 #158
COMPANIES HOUSE

Registered Numer:

Table of Contents

1. Strategic Report
The COMPANY...
Performance Highlights...
Chairman's StateMent.......ccccocscsssssssseeeusseeesnssensseennssanerens
Investment Manager's Report on the Investment Portfolio
Pollen Street Update...
Top Ten Investments .........
Investment Portfolio Composition
ESG at The Heart of Investment Management.......
Principal Risks and Uncertainties
Investment Restrictions.............
Key Performance Indicators............

2. Directors’ Report...

Statement of Directors’ Responsibilities ............. secssessesnseeetnssaeuseestanesetnnsesngeeeessssensstsisussetssassnsssatensse 22

3. Unaudited Financial Statements.
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position.........
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Shareholders’ Funds
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows........
Notes to the Financial Statements....

4. Shareholders’ Information...
Directors, Portfolio Manager and Advisers........

5. Definitions and Reconciliation to Alternative Performance
Measures.

Honeycomb Investment Trust pic ~ Interim Report and Unaudited Financial Statemnents

1

Strategic
Report

&

The Company

Honeycomb Investment Trust pic ("the Company" or “Honeycomb’) is a UK listed investment trust. It provides investors with access
to asset-backed lending opportunities that its manager, Pollen Street Capital Limited (the ‘Investment Manager’), believes has
potential to generate high income returns together with strong capital preservation. The Company holds an investment portfolio on
its balance sheet. This portfolio is invested in predominantly high quality, diversified and low risk asset based direct lending
investments, with potential to generate high income returns, together with strong capital preservation.

At the General Meeting held on 1 June 2022, shareholders voted in favour of the combination of Pollen Street Capital Holdings Limited
(‘Pollen Street’), the parent company of the investment Manager, and Honeycomb to form an asset management company that
benefits from a complementary set of investment management activities and balance sheet activities (the “Combination”). The
directors believe that the combined business has an attractive dividend yield and strong growth opportunities. The Combination is
expected to complete during September 2022

Pollen Street was founded in 2013 and is an alternative investment management company with deep capability across the financial
and business services sectors and a focus on investments aligned with mega-trends, being new technology driving disruptive business
models, significant SME financing whitespace and the green transition, that are shaping the future of the industry. Pollen Street has
extensive experience managing funds with credit and private equity strategies and has a strong and consistent track record of
delivering top tier returns,

Investment Objective

The Company and its subsidiaries (together, “the Group”) operate an asset backed credit strategy that delivers stable income alongside
strong downside protection through providing predominantly senior lending to non-bank lenders secured on their underlying loan
portfolios. The investment strategy is supported by the ongoing structural changes in the financial services industry that create a
significant opportunity for non-bank lenders to reach customers who are underserved by mainstream banks with bespoke and
appropriate products. The strategy is focused on generating positive impact around five key areas where Honeycomb can make a
meaningful difference: environmental impact; affordable housing; financial inclusion; regional economic growth and the highest
standards of governance. The Combination will enable the Company to ean management fees and performance fees and carried
interest on funds managed or advised by Pollen Street.

Performance Highlights

Dividend Yield?
| | 8.0% Dividend yield stable at 8.0 per cent of IPO issue price -
in line with the published target
8.0%
8.0% Note - target dividend is nota profit forecast
NAV Return?
NAV return in line with Dividend Yield. wn

NAV per Share

Bee 2h | 1,019.1p NAV per share stable
) 2 1,019.7p

"See section 5 for reconciliation to Alternative Performance Measures

Honeycomb Investment Trust plc ~ Interim Report and Unaudited Financiai Statements 4

Chairman’s Statement

lam pleased to present the 2022 interim results for Honeycomb
Investment Trust pl, covering the period 1 January 2022 to 30
June 2022

COMBINATION WITH POLLEN
STREET

At the General Meeting held on 1 June 2022 shareholders voted
in favour of the resolution to combine Pollen Street Capital
Holdings Limited and Honeycomb Investment Trust pic. The
Combination is expected to complete during September 2022
following approval of the transaction by regulators. My board
colleagues and | are looking forward to the successful
completion of this transaction and would like to thank the
Board's advisers for their hard work.

My fellow directors and | believe that the Combination offers
shareholders the opportunity to benefit from a compelling
combination with a fast growing, purpose-led, high performing
private capital asset manager. Pollen Street benefits from:

Expertise in investing in both private equity and credit;
* Aproven track record of strong retums at lowrisk;
© A growing and established blue chip investor base;

© Deep technical expertisein critical financial and business
services sectors across the capital structure;

A long history of operating as a trusted partner to secure
excellent deal flow;

© Being a purpose and values-based organisation; and

* Awell invested platform sharing deep insight and best
practice positioned to grow and drive operational
leverage.

Pollen Street and Honeycomb have been working together
closely for the past six years, with Pollen Street acting as
Honeycomb's investment manager.

ECONOMIC ENVIRONMENT

There has been extensive disruption in the macroeconomic
environment over Hi 2022. The war in Ukraine has led to an
unsettled geo-political environment and considerable market
volatility. Alongside that, there are concerns about inflation,
rising interest rates, as well as continued pressure across
supply chains. These have all exacerbated uncertainty.

' See section 5 for reconciliation to Alternative Performance Measures

Despite this market backdrop, Pollen Street has continued to
grow, with assets under management ("AuM") increasing to
£3.2 billion at 30 June 2022 from £3.0 billion at 31 December
2021, and Honeycomb’s investment asset portfolio has been
resilient with performance maintained in line with the historical
track record.

The board risk committee is monitoring these emerging risks
carefully to ensure that they are being managed appropriately.

INVESTMENT ASSET PORTFOLIO

Honeycomb’s investment portfolio performed well throughout
the first half of the year, demonstrating consistent and robust
performance. The Company delivered an annualised NAV
return of 8.0 per cent! for the period (Hi 2021: 8.7 per cent). This
performance is particularly pleasing given the macroeconomic
backdrop noted above. My board colleagues and | believe the
Company's strategy, combining bespoke structuring and asset
backing via large diverse pools of financial and hard assets, is
invaluable in driving good performance through a more
uncertain and volatile macro environment.

The performance of the underlying Credit Assets has remained
consistent throughout the first six months of 2022. Investment
Assets? have remained broadly stable (31 December 2021: £615
million; 30 June 2022: £583 million) with the Company
redeploying capital from realised deals into new as well as
existing investments,

The interim results show a reduced level of expected credit loss
("ECL") provision charges under IFRS 9, against the same period
in 2021. The ECL release for the first half of 2022 was £0.1 million
(30 June 2021: £0.5 million charge, 31 December 2021 full year.
£0.8 million release). The portfolio continues to benefit from the
Investment Manager's shift to structurally secured assets with
greater protection from adverse credit losses. The investment
assets are now 97 per cent senior and asset secured.

The Manager has a strong pipeline of transactions in
documentation or late-stage due diligence. The pipeline is well
diversified across subsectors and asset classes.

GEARING

Gearing remains within the target range. Net debt to equity was
63.6 per cent as at 30 June 2022, down from 70.9 per cent as at
31 December 2021.

Following completion of the Combination, the target gearing will
be unchanged: net debt to tangible equity is targeted to remain
between 50 per cent. to 75 per cent. and the debt facilities will be
upsized and extended resulting in a lower blended margin.

Investment Assets includes credit assets held at amortised cost, credit
assets held at fair value through profit or loss and equity assets held at fair
value through profit orloss

OME fwestmest Trust gc ~ Fterim Repowt ans unatyZited Fi

DIVIDENDS

The Company has continued to meet its dividend target of 20
pence per share per quarter, in line with the target dividend yield
of 8.0 per cent annualised on the issued share price at the
Company's initial public offering.

Following completion of the Combination, | am pleased to
reiterate that the Company is targeting increasing the dividend
in 2022 with total dividends for the period of £30 million (2021:
£28 million), increasing again to £32 million in respect of 2023
and a progressive dividend policy of at least £33 million in
respect of 2024.

SHARE PRICE AND BUYBACKS

A total of 523,000 shares have been repurchased over Hl 2022
under the Board's share buyback programme, The board
continues to monitor the share price closely and will use further
buybacks as appropriate

OUTLOOK

My board colleagues and | are excited about the future for the
combined Company. | am confident that Pollen Street is well
positioned in its target markets to benefit from the strong
tailwinds from investor demand in its products. With a highly
experienced team, the Company is well placed to deliver on its
goals.

The investment portfolio’s strong performance through the first
six months of 2022, builds on a successful 2021. The Investment
Manager's intensive approach to portfolio management and
focus on asset-backed, senior secured investments, positions
the Company well. The combination of the dividend yield, with
the strong growth opportunities in AuM, positions the
Company favourably compared to its peer group and presents
a compelling opportunity for shareholders.

Robert Sharpe

Chairman
12 September 2022

Honeycomb tivestment Trust ple ~ Interim Report and Unaudited Financial

ents

Investment Manager's Report on the

Investment Portfolio

This section covers Pollen Street's investment manager's
report on Honeycomb’s on balance sheet Investment Asset
portfolio. See Pollen Street Update, on page 9, for a wider
update on Pollen Street's business.

The Pollen Street team has been investing together in the
financial and business services sectors since 2008 and
possesses a strong and consistent track record as a multi-
strategy investment manager. Pollen Street believes that its
sector expertise, combined with structured assessments of
key industry drivers, enables sourcing of attractive
opportunities and the mitigation of downside risks.

The Pollen Street team aims to be the partner of choice in its
market by employing its sector specialist knowledge, deep
industry insight and extensive and long-standing network.
Pollen Street believes that these attributes, combined with its
sector-dedicated investment team and proactive approach to
origination has delivered industry leading returns whilst
having a controlled risk profile.

H1 2022 HIGHLIGHTS

The portfolio has continued to perform strongly in 2022 with
the underlying return on assets of 9.0 percent. and de-minimis
bad debts or impairments. This has delivered an 8.0 per cent
annualised NAV return and 39p per share in dividends for the
first six months of the year (30 June 2021: 8.7 per cent and 44p
respectively).

The portfolio has also remained highly invested with
investment assets closing the period at £583m and net debt to
equity at 63.6%. Several new transactions have been
completed in Hi with a focus on sustainability and financings
that help individuals reduce their carbon footprint. These
include a senior facility provided to ONTO, Europe's largest
pure play electric vehicle leasing business, secured on their
fleet of electric vehicles; and a senior facility to Tier, Europe’s
largest micro mobility operator, secured on their fleet of
scooters and bikes. in addition, we have also done a number
of upsizes to facilities with existing borrowers.

Pollen Street continues to focus on asset-backed, senior
secured loans which we believe positions the portfolio to
perform well through a more difficult macro environment. The
combination of bespoke structuring, seniority, diverse asset
pools and covenants combine to offer strong downside
protection alongside the attractive yields Pollen Street has
consistently been able to achieve.

We continue to operate a proactive and collaborative
approach with our new and existing partners. We are in
constant dialogue with our borrowers to ensure we are
receiving regular updates and underlying live performance
data to enable us to be both forward looking and proactive.

Alongside the new partners onboarded in Hi 2022, we have a
strong pipeline of well progressed transactions, as well as 2
broader pipeline of £2 billion to support future growth

Half Yearly NAV Return

G35 55

WAV Ratu (per nnn
SER 4555

1 2 "1 a "1 ne mt
9 19 2» 20 au n 2

Profit for the first 6 months of the year was £13.7 million (30
June 2021: £15. million), which translated into an earnings
per share of 39p (30 June 2021: 44 pence}, which is broadly in
line with guidance issued at the time of the Company's initial
public offering

Investment Assets and Net Debt to Equity Ratio

Investment Assets (Em)

cr 2 Pn oo m mn a
19 19 0 20 2 n 2

mms eestor Assets eee Net Onbe to Equity

The net debt to equity ratio closed the period at 63.6 per cent.
(30 June 2021: 66.1 per cent}, which is also within the target
range of SO per cent to 75 per cent.

meneyceme nwestrant TH st nt ortaee Yoon hare

Sate ava Caterers

PRRRRE RTS

‘Net debt to equity ration (4)

Dividend Per Share and Annualised Dividend Yield

oS RBKEEB

™ mm m "2 mi "2 ua
9 9 20 20 2 n cy

Since its IPO in December 2015 the investment portfolio has
delivered a NAV return equivalent of 54 per cent (including
dividends declared or paid) with the NAV per share
(cumulative of income) of 1,019.7 pence per ordinary share at
30 June 2022.

ECONOMIC ENVIRONMENT

The broader macro environment remains uncertain with a
number of risks and concerns with the impact of inflation and
higher interest rates the most immediate threat albeit offset
somewhat by continuing high levels of employment and rising
nominal wages. We are monitoring the performance of the
underlying assets closely and we are still seeing very
consistent and good performance. We are factoring in the
impact of higher prices and interest rates when underwriting
and structuring and are also seeing opportunities in sectors
with low correlation to the macro. The uncertain environment
is also presenting opportunities and we are taking the
opportunity to increase retums on new transactions alongside
continuing to ensure prudent LTVs such that our investments
are able to withstand significant stresses without impairment.

The investment portfolio is well hedged from an interest rate
perspective with £237m of floating rate liabilities and £269m
of floating rate credit assets.

PORTFOLIO

NAV returns for the investment portfolio have been consistent
throughout H1 2022, building on the strong performance on
2021. As at 30 June 2022, 97 per cent of the investment
portfolio consists of senior and secured exposures across 35
borrowers with an average balance outstanding of £16 million,
average LTV of 68 per cent and collateralised by over 200,000
underlying financial or hard assets.

The remainder of the portfolio is made up of the small equity
portfolio of 3 per cent

ESG

We were delighted win the award for Best Responsible
Alternative Investment Team UK 2022 by CF, for the second
year running. The award recognises the team’s commitment
to investments that “help consumers make greener choices,
increase their access to finance and SMEs to promote job
creation”.

The Investment Manager has undertaken significant upgrades
to data collection and developed a proprietary scoring system
to benchmark investments and monitor overall performance.
The team uses this data to work closely with lending partners
to implement action plans and support their positive impact.

With an ever-growing focus on actionable and meaningful ESG
reporting we are proud of the progress we have made in Hl
2022. As an Investment Manager we are excited to deliver
against our values in generating positive impact for our
partners and wider society alongside delivering attractive risk
adjusted retums and sustainable growth for shareholders.

We were also thrilled that Pollen Street Capital was recognised
for our progress and work in DE&d, with two FTAdviser Diversity
and Inclusion Awards. Lindsey McMurray was named Diversity
Champion of the Year (Small Firm) at the Diversity in Finance
Awards 2022. Polien Street Capital was also recognised in the
Company Champion awards, being Highly Commended in the
Championing Women's Equality Award

OUTLOOK

We are proud to once again continue to have delivered 8.0 per
cent returns on investment assets.

Honeycomb has a track record of consistent credit
performance. The stability of the performance reflects the
prudent approach, discipline and high standards of
governance in the investment Manager's established business
model.

We believe the combination of asset backing via large diverse
pools of financial and hard assets along with bespoke
structuring means our asset-backed credit strategy is well
positioned to perform through a more uncertain and volatile
macro environment. Despite the more challenging macro-
outlook, the Investment Manager believes that asset-backed
direct lending represents a resilient asset class that delivers
strong relative value versus other private credit opportunities
and publicly traded comparable companies.

We look forward to working more closely together with the
board of Honeycomb as a single combined business.

Pollen Street
12 September 2022

iowectnent Trust pac ~ interim Repost ania Unauelited Fins rela

Pollen Street Update

Pollen Street's asset management business has performed in
line with expectations over Hl 2022. This is a particularly
pleasing result given the macro-economic environment.

The business has continued to grow its investor base in H1
2022 with £0.2 billion raised since 31 December 2021,
increasing AUM on an investor commitment basis from £3.0
billion at 31 December 21 to £3.2 billion at 30 June 22. This
capital has been raised into the credit strategies across both
Flagship Credit Ill and the separately managed accounts
("SMAs"). The Private Equity business has not been in active
fundraising in 2022 whilst Flagship PE IV is deployed, good
progress is being made towards the launch of Flagship PE Vin
2023.

AuM on an investor commitment basis? is broken down by
strategy as follows:
* — £18billion in private equity split by:
© —£0.7 billion in Flagship PE IV;
© = £0.3 billion in Flagship PE
© £08 billion in satellite and coinvest
vehicles.
« — £1.4 billion in private credit split by:
© — £0.3 billion in Flagship Credit III;
0 = £0.5 billion in SMAs; and
© = £0.6 billion in on balance sheet assets.

Average Fee Paying AuM* has also grown strongly over the first
6 months of 2022 increasing to £2.1 billion, an uplift of £0.3
billion or 21 per cent on the average for the 12 month period
ending 31 December 2021.

OUTLOOK

Pollen Street expects to continue the momentum in
fundraising from H1 2022 through into H2 with increasing AuM
in the credit business alongside continuing to prepare for the
launch of the new flagship PE fund in 2023. As such the
Company expects to deliver similar growth in AuM (on an
investor commitment basis*) in H2 2022 as Hi 2022, which
reflects:
* — small decline in private equity AuM given the
timing of new fund launches and portfolio
realisations; and

*  30percent to 40 per cent growth in Credit AUM.

3 Aull on an investor commitment basis calculated as investor
commitments for active private equity funds, invested cost for other
private equity funds, total assets for the Company's on balance sheet
assets and investor commitments for private credit funds

Total Fund Management Revenue in 2022 is expected to grow
by approximately 10 per cent over 2021 (£34m). This is broken
down by:

* — Grossmanagement fee revenues in 2022 are expected to
be broadly in line with 2021 with growth in credit
management fees almost offsetting private equity catch
up management fees received in 2021, which only occur
in the years in which flagship private equity funds are
raised. This is expected to result in management fee
income over Average Fee Paying Au of approximately
1.25 per cent given the growth in credit AUM and timing
of the new flagship private equity fund; and

* — Performance fees for 2022 are expected to be in line with
the long-term guidance of 15 per cent to 25 per cent of
total Pollen Street Fund Management Revenue.

As set out in the Circular published on 10 May 2022, the
medium-term guidance for the combined group remains
unchanged and is expected to deliver:

* £45 billion of medium-term fee paying AUM (c.2 to 3

years);

© Management fee rate of approximately 1.25-1.50 per
cent on average Fee Paying AuM over the long term;

* Carried interest and performance fees representing
approximately 15 to 25 per cent of total Fund
Management Revenue on average over the long-term;

* Long-term Fund Management Adjusted EBITDA Margin
in excess of 50 per cent;

« Targeted investment returns of approximately 8 percent
long term return on Net investment Assets; and

© a dividend for the Combined Group of £30 million in
aggregate for the year ending 31 December 2022 and
£32 million in aggregate for the year ending 31
December 2023, with the aim of growing the aggregate
dividend payable by the Combined Group progressively
over time, with the aggregate dividend payable for the
year ending 31 December 2024 being not lower than £33
million.

“Average Fee Paying Aum is calculated as the average of the opening and
closing investor commitments for active fee paying private equity funds,
invested cost for other fee paying private equity funds, total assets forthe
Company's on balance sheet assets and net invested amount for fee
paying private credit funds

Heneycomb kwestment Tiust pic - Interim Repost and Unaudited Financial Statements

Top Ten Investment Assets

This section shows the largest investment assets within Honeycomb's investment Asset portfolio.

Value of
Deal holding Percentage
uv
County a Structure Sector at period: ofowene
end (Em)!
Downing United
1 Development K Structured Senior Real Estate 56.9 63% 10.0%
ingdom
Loans
4 Sancus Loans United sued gs a ;
2 ted Kingdom Stuctur Senior eal Estate 55.4 54% 9.7%
3 Credithix Limited United ed aro
editfix Limi Kingdom Stuctur Senior Fee 513 39% 9.0%
Receivables
UK Agricultural United Direct
a ane Kingdom Portfolio. Senior Real Estate 508 50% 8.9%
United Direct
5 Beaufort i
ui Kingdom Ponfoio Senior Real Estate 345 70% 6.1%
United Direct
6 Queen Street Kingdom Portiollo Senior Real Estate 321 75% 5.1%
7 NucleusCash Flow United
Finance Limited Kingdom Stuctured Senior CBILS SME 318 96% 5.6%
United Direct Secured
2 GE Portfolio \
i Kingdom Portfolio °F Consumer 218 61% ame
g_iWoca Loans United ured 7 1 9
limited Kingdom stucture Senior SME 84 90% 32%
Amicus
United
10 Commercial Knadorn conta Senior _—Real Estate 169 60% 3.0%
Mortgages i ortfotio

1 Direct portfolios have been aggregated by originator and servicer
2 Percentage of total investment assets of the Group (investment assets calculated as the carying balance of all credit assets at amortised cost, credit assets held at fair value through

Profit orloss and equity investments held at far value through profit o oss)

As at 30 June 2022 the value of the top 10 assets totalled £375.9 million (June 2021: 387.3 million, 31 December 2021: £403.0 million)
which equated to 66.1 per cent (June 2021: 65.2 per cent, 31 December 2021: 65.5 per cent) of investment assets (investment assets
calculated as the carrying balance of all credit assets at amortised cost and credit and equity investments held at fair value through

profit orloss).

Honeycomb Investment Trust pl

Interim Repoit and Unaudited Financial Staiements

Investment Portfolio Composition

Loan Book Stratification by Asset Class & Structure

= Real Estate

= Secwed Consumer
= Discounted Fee Recerables
SME
«SME CBLS
= = Commercial Mortgages
£583m? Other
= Training Loans
= Consumer
= Unsewured Consumer
ia EV Fleet Finance
rN = icromobiity Fleet Finance
K__t = Equiy
SG
£583m?! = Secured Mortgages
“Equity

‘Net Investment Assets

Investment Returns Bridge

ee OO
aon (osm) (02x) .
paar

res
ox
sos
=
am
tm
ms

‘osname ry ‘ety aaetinam —fndcnn

‘ea “ine sins tity es
on on os

am ; ox 8.0%
Undorving NAV Ratu — Htc of Buyoscds av arn

repueuly poupneun pue voday wer ~ 2d zoru4 waursanU) quODFEVOH

sempa0axd 18049

2 Wy enioaye pue overdue aWI8d QO
ieee ¢ “gue Ory
— B yBnoup ewyo eOUBUy eonDe Cie
tt ‘ONTONGSY
“euyesaa 2 $e SpEDURIS eoUeUOAOE

‘UBay 9122800 OFO}100 INO sOIDRS SEQVUES EVALY PAIENBes AOE Oxf UIA SIUBUIIS@NA INO SNIO} Em Sy
“Dysu Aungaueisne Bun ‘Si01De) yeu reaeW eGeUEW DUB AyILOPI 0} ARGH OLN UNM SesBEOOUS jou0NTE:EdO
YneyBnoan eoveWIOA06 BuorIs BuNLEWATLA “SYORRIEP JNO 104 eIGTIUNODDE AOIEVCITE GE OM G:NSLO ON

dIHSH30V3IT 8 JONVNYIAOO

‘se182800 18S VAIO

WOU UI SeyeW By INoYBNaA HIMOBS
vouwers qolpue was duroucd © ‘OTWONOD3
‘SOSSEUISNG [FeWS 01 SEONNES BPNOg ‘TWNOID3U

"SONsS} /EvOGE: 1UENGE SSEIPPE YORUM PUP Sy9LBQ (BO) SPINaAC THLE SUCHS UO GROG) eM

‘s@n8| AvEdwo9 pur peOg
{re uoewesaides venean or Gunses & ALISU3AIG
seyno}UEM Uy ‘pue ASLAN BUOY 310WOud

“¥R 01 parowo.d exe senLnudcO jenbo
19\8 @1n9vO 08 908 PUB AYE.ONP LOCWELD EM “SIYOVER IHW Sy GSBUIENG SEIAND B IRA CABYEA OM,

‘Ayunuoddo 0;
‘ssaoce rea.6 Bunowaxd ‘eouapne « NOISNTONI
sopeaug 8 01 eqerene epew S TaNPOX WIDNVNIS
(eroueuy 22,0 pue sued} 01 sse0ay

“3 /NS PUD SoWNeUOO 20; \arBoU Fe;DUEUY Gunc.cus BupNpU ‘s=p|OYEyETS 404 SoWODING 1590
‘Bu BPO S.BUIJED UPELO PUB SARUECLUCD OgO4UOT JNO JO SSOIVES QUE SIONDOAK OUT JEU EINSUR 01 WE GN

LOVGWI TVIDOS

sepueA U8 Pu AOVAWI

@e Co otmalounase iia ienapss ¢ TINSHNOUIANS ¥ .
= 40} Buppury ‘B'e - yoeduy NEWVONL ONLUSVIV a
= eh ‘enySOd  eney ew SUORNIES e128) ONLV3YD O

-URLILOMUS EXQOUITSTS PUP LBB @ 01 2260 sn ever 18Y) SEsEOUIENG BuIVOdNS So goM Se ‘SLONEZEUEG
eimry 20) WOUVORAL OU SOROXIUN PUP STOSIOK TEU JOUUBW © Uy SSAUEENG OP 01 AYIKEBLOCSS! 270 GUESS) ANN

LOVdWI IWLNSIWNOUIANS

‘YONEs}UBIUOD SOW By) aAeY BM |] aM aJayM a1e MOJag WOMaWes

BY) U) SBUO BY) IN ‘SOQS 0} UBije saN!!92y 1Pa9 NO JO Iv 7TOL} a5 SSAUI-O]qISUOUSSI/ UN UST ng
‘yoday 99 jeudeD 188/15 Ua}|Og ay) UI AjjenuUe yiomaUUe, SIL) LO BuILOdas apinoid ayy ‘sassaz01d JUaW\sAAU! YBNOVY)

yey) Bui4jdwe pue y2edwi annisod e aney ued sa}uedwwod o1|OjNOd INO aiaym BulAUap! PUNOVE JING SI romaWes OS3 eyL

edu ue aney s}UawISaau! B3yM O}U! S}YB!su! Jadaap dojanap 0} Sn ajqeua siauped }/pas2 3no

Wy 12a]}02 8M SIVISW ay] “PUOM JaPIM dU) JO SPAdU BU] LIM S