POLLEN
STREET

. Registered Number: 09899024

]

2207/2025
COMPANIES HOUSE

<— [ suai

Annual Report and Accounts

POLLEN STREET LIMITED
Registered Number: 09899024

COMPANY INFORMATION

Directors

Registered Number

Registered Office

Independent Auditors

L McMurray
MJG Potter
IMC Gascoigne
JD Scotcher

09899024

11-12 Hanover Square
London
WiS 1))

PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
7 More London Riverside
London

SE1 2RT

Annual Report and Accounts

POLLEN STREET LIMITED
Registered Number: 09899024

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Company Information ....

Strategic Report.

Directors’ Report...

Statement of directors’ responsibilities in respect of the financial statements.

Independent auditors’ report to the members of Pollen Street Limited...

Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income .....

Statement of Financial Position...

Statement of Changes in Shareholders’ Funds.....

Statement of Cash Flows...

. Notes to the Financial Statements .

Annual Report and Accounts

POLLEN STREET LIMITED
Registered Number: 09899024

STRATEGIC REPORT
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024

The directors present their strategic report for the Company for the year ended 31 December 2024.

Principal activities and review of the business .

Pollen Street Limited, formerly Pollen Street plc, (the “Company” or together with its subsidiaries, the “Investment
Company” and together with its parent company, Pollen Street Group Limited, and the parent company subsidiaries, the
“Group” or “Pollen Street”) is an investment company that holds on-balance sheet investments in direct Credit Assets, as
well as in Private Equity and Private Credit funds managed by the Group. These investments deliver attractive risk adjusted
returns aligned with the Group’s Limited Partner (“LP”) investors.

Further information on the Pollen Street business can be found on the Group’s website.

Pollen Street Limited was established on 2 December 2015. The Company was originally named Honeycomb Investment
Trust plc. It was subsequently renamed to Pollen Street plc and then Pollen Street Limited. On 30 September 2022, the
Company combined with Pollen Street Capital Holdings Limited ("PSCHL"”) by acquiring the share capital of PSCHL with
newly issued shares in the Company as consideration (the “Combination”.

On 24 January 2024, the Company introduced a Guernsey incorporated holding company, named Pollen Street Group
Limited (“PSGL"”), as the new parent of the Group by way of a scheme of arrangement pursuant to Part 26 of the UK
Companies Act 2006 (the “Scheme”). On 14 February 2024, the Company distributed the entire issued share capital of
PSCHL to PSGL, this is referred to as the “Distribution”. The Scheme and the Distribution are together referred to as the
“Reorganisation”. Further information on the distribution of PSCHL and the assets held for distribution in the prior year
comparatives is provided in Note 4 to the Accounts.

As part of the Reorganisation, the Company's shares were delisted from the London Stock Exchange and the Company
ceased to be classified as an investment trust and re-registered as a private company. As such the disclosure and
corporate governance requirements that apply to entities traded on the London Stock Exchange's ("LSE”) main market for
listed securities no longer apply to the Company. The Annual Report and Accounts for the new parent of the Group, PSGL,
for the financial year ended 31 December 2024 have been published on the Group’s website.

The Reorganisation does not change the operational activities of the Company. However, it does affect the presentation of
the financial results for the Company. The activities of PSCHL were preserited as held for distribution in the prior year
comparatives. Further information on the Combination and the Reorganisation is provided in Note 1 to the Accounts.

The prior year comparatives in the Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income are unaudited. Prior to
the reorganisation, the Company prepared consolidated financial statements and took the exemption to not present a
standalone Company Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income, hence it was not audited as part of
the consolidated financial statements of Pollen Street Limited as set out in the Pollen Street Limited Annual Report and
Accounts for the year ended 31 December 2023.

PSC Service Company Limited, a fellow subsidiary of PSGL, employs staff and maintains systems relating to general
business development and activities that are not subject to regulation.

Review of strategy and business model
Our investment strategies have proven resilient in the current turbulent market environment. Our ability to deliver
consistent, high-quality returns, within an attractive risk framework, positions us strongly for sustainable, long-term
growth. The strength of our balance sheet remains a crucial differentiator and enables us to align ourselves with the
Group's Limited, Partner investors.

The Company delivered strong returns in the year with Income from the Investment Company on Net Investment Assets of
£24.2 million (2023: £30.2 million), in line with expectations despite funding £22.9 million of Group share buybacks, which
had the effect of reducing invested assets. We have maintained our disciplined approach resulting in robust performance
which is well diversified across deals and borrowers and the performance of Pollen Street managed funds. The largest
investment accounted for 11.6 per cent of the portfolio, with the portfolio being 93 per cent invested in Credit Assets and
7 per cent invested in Private Equity Assets (either in direct deals or through Pollen Street managed funds). The Company
portfolio has seen high levels of cash generation in the year driven by realisations, interest payments and amortisations on
continuing positions. This cash generation demonstrates the quality and liquidity of the portfolio and facilitates the rotation
of the portfolio from direct investments to focus on investing in Pollen Street managed funds.

This transition has continued to progress during the year with £122 million committed to Pollen Street managed funds at
the year end by the Company, with an additional £74 million made by Pollen Street Investments Limited, a new wholly
owned subsidiary of the Company. These commitments were £84 million drawn as at 31 December 2024, and are
expected to continue to draw over the investment period of the funds. As at 31 December 2024, the investment portfolio
was £439 million (2023: £533 million). The transfer of Private Equity investments in Pollen Street managed funds to Pollen
Street Investments Limited has led to a reduction in the size of the Company overall asset portfolio.

Annual Report and Accounts 4

POLLEN STREET-LIMITED
Registered Number: 09899024 .

STRATEGIC REPORT (CONTINUED)
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024

Review of strategy and business model (continued)

We completed a new 4-year £200 million senior debt facility on 10 June 2024 refinancing the previous facility and achieving
a lower margin. This was subsequently upsized to £240 million on 13 December 2024 to refinance certain SPV facilities
which enable us to reduce the operating cost base. The total drawn leverage for the Company at 31 December 2024 was
£188.3 million (2023: £145.2 million). In addition, the Company had £4.4 million (2023: £14.4 million) of cash resulting in
a strong liquidity position.

Key performance indicators

The Company monitors three core measures: Income and Return on Net Investment Assets and Balance-sheet leverage,
to assess progress against its strategy of generating attractive, risk-adjusted returns while supporting Pollen Street
managed funds. . . .

During the year, the Company transferred Investment Assets to a new wholly owned subsidiary, Pollen Street Investments
Limited (“PSIL”). The income on these assets is therefore no longer included in this Annual Report and Accounts. During
2024, Income on Net Investment Assets was £24.2 million (2023: £30.2 million), driven by sustained yields on the senior
credit portfolio and distributions from fund commitments. This translated into a Return on Average Net Investment Assets
of 7.4 per cent (2023: 8.8 per cent). This was below the Board’s medium-term expectations as it has been artificially
impacted by the timing of the transfer of Investment Assets to PSIL.

Atthe year-end the book was 93 per cent invested in Credit Assets and 7 per cent in Private Equity exposures, maintaining
diversification and a predictable income profile. The balance sheet remains conservatively geared: drawn borrowings of
£188.3 million represent approximately 60 per cent of equity and are backed by a four-year £240 million secured facility
maturing in 2028. The Board considers this level of leverage appropriate for the Company's asset mix and well inside its
100 per cent ceiling.

Collectively, these KPIs confirm that the Company continues to deliver resilient returns while providing strategic balance-
sheet capital that is fully aligned with the Group’s Limited Partner investors.

Section 172(1) of the Companies Act 2006

The Directors’ overarching duty is to act in good faith and in a way that is the most likely to promote the success of the
Company. In doing so, the Directors must take into consideration the interests of the various stakeholders, the impact the
Company has on the communityand the environment, take a long-term view on consequences of the decisions they make
as well as aim to maintain a reputation for high standards of business conduct.

The importance of the stakeholder considerations, in particular in the context of decision-making, is taken into account at
every Group-level board and committee meeting. All discussions involve careful considerations of the longer-term
consequences of any decisions and their implications for stakeholders. In fulfilling their duties, the Directors’ concentrate
on four principal groups of stakeholders and the ways it engaged with them in 2024.

* — Borrowers & fund investments - These are essential stakeholders in the Company's investment ecosystem.
These are not only the source of returns, but also play a significant role in creating economic value and driving
sustainable growth by building great businesses serving the financial ecosystem. The Group is committed to
fostering strong relationships with these stakeholders to ensure mutual success. Through the investment teams
the Company maintains regular, senior-tevel dialogue with management teams both before and after committing
capital; .

«Shareholders - The Company is wholly owned by Pollen Street Group Limited and engages with the parent
through regular meetings with senior management, including the Group CFO, and monthly performance reports.
These interactions allow the parent to express its expectations around capital allocation, leverage and dividend
policy while giving the opportunity to highlight emerging opportunities and risks within the investment-portfolio;
and

Regulators and financing counterparties - The Company regularly considers how it meets various regulatory and
statutory obligations, how it follows voluntary and best-practice guidance and how any governance decisions it
makes can have an impact on its stakeholders, both in the shorter and in the longer term. Compliance with the

_ UK regulatory framework remains paramount. Management maintains open, proactive dialogue with regulators
and relevant bodies and keeps the Board apprised of any feedback. In parallel, the treasury team engages
frequently with the banks that provide the Company's secured revolving credit facility to ensure covenant
compliance and to discuss market conditions that may influence future refinancing.

By actively considering the views and interests of these stakeholders in every significant decision, the Board believes it
continues to promote the long-term, sustainable success of the Company while contributing positively to the wider Group.

Annual Report and Accounts . 5

POLLEN STREET LIMITED
Registered Number: 09899024

STRATEGIC REPORT (CONTINUED)
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024

Principal risks and uncertainties (continued)

The Company is subject to a range of risks including business risk, operational risk, credit risk and liquidity risk. The
Directors’ are responsible for oversight of these risks and has established a risk management framework to ensure that
the Company has adequate capital and liquidity resources to meet its liabilities as they fall due. The following summary of
key risks has been identified as having the potential to be material; it is not exhaustive of those faced by the Company. It
includes emerging risks and has been reviewed at a Group level ona regular basis and recorded on the Group's risk register.

Effective risk management underpins the successful delivery of our strategy and longer-term sustainability of the business,
and offers an integrated approach to the evaluation, control and monitoring of the risks that the Company faces. A clear
organisational structure with well defined, transparent, and consistent lines of responsibility exists, and effective
processes to identify, manage, monitor, and report the risks the Company is or might be exposed to, or the Company poses
‘or might pose to others, have been implemented. The risks arising from the pursuit of the business’ strategy, as well as the
risks to achieving the Company's strategy have been analysed carefully and arrangements in place are appropriate and
proportionate to the nature, scale and complexity of the risks inherent in the business model and the activities of the
Company. The Directors’ are responsible for oversight of the Company's risk management systems and processes and
oversees the management of the key risks across the organisation.

Risk Environment 2024
During 2024 the global economic and financial landscape continued to present a complex mix of opportunities and
challenges. .

The end of 2024 saw the world remain in an era of profound geopolitical change. Conflict escalation in the Middle East and
Ukraine continued to threaten global stability. The results of political elections held globally during the year heightened
market volatility, and secular megatrends — from Al to sustainability — accelerated and reshaped economies and industries
and look to continue to do so. Decarbonisation, digitisation, deglobalisation, destabilisation in geopolitics, and
demographic aging look to be structural forces as we head into the new year.

Despite the global challenges witnessed throughout 2024, the Company's overall risk profile has remained relatively
stable. We continue to navigate the challenges presented to us and ensure preparedness considering both current and
emerging risks. In addition to navigating key risks, opportunities also exist, and we hope that 2025 will be a year of
transformation and consolidation for the industry if we are able to harness technological advancements.

The balance sheet remains robust with total assets of £536.0 million (2023: £551.9 million excluding assets held for
distribution), £4.4 million (2023: £14.4 million) of cash and cash equivalents and £315.2 million (2023: £577.8 million) of
equity capital at 31 December 2024.
Principal risk assessment

Investment Underperformance and Financial Risks

Risk Description

& Risk Management

2024 Summary

‘Our Investment Assets are exposed
to credit and market risks. They may
be impacted by adverse economic
and market conditions, including
through higher impairment charges
or reduced valuations.

In addition, credit risk, market risk
(such as interest rate risk, currency
risk & price risk), capital
management risks and liquidity risk
exist.

The Company has a clear track
record of delivering investment
returns that are resilient to market
conditions and in line with published
guidance.

Investments are monitored closely
as part of the Company's ongoing
investment monitoring programmes,
adhering to the investment strategy.
Inputiis given by all Investment
Committee members to ensure
return objectives are met, and to
anticipate and discuss any
underperformance.

The Company has a diversified,
granular portfolio of assets. Loans
are subject to stringent underwriting
and stress testing.

Investment performance remains
strong. Further information is set out _
in more detail in Note 15.

Annual Report and Accounts

POLLEN STREET LIMITED.
Registered Number: 09899024

STRATEGIC REPORT (CONTINUED)
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024

Responsible investing

At Pollen Street we are committed to investing responsibly. Our aim is to invest and operate in a way that delivers positive
outcomes for our people, our industry and wider society. We achieved a great deal over the year, working alongside our
borrowers as we believe that ESG is one of the tools that enables us to build better, more sustainable businesses. Early in
our investment process our scoring mechanism allows us to identify potential risks and opportunities, helping us to make
more informed decisions and ultimately invest in fairer, more transparent businesses that have the’ foundations to grow
quickly and sustainably.

In 2024, Pollen Street continued to make progress. This has been achieved through the spotlight on data and scoring,
collaboration, and effective monitoring and measurement including the continued roll-out of ESG ratchets which we
believe benefit our borrowers by enhancing the sustainability of investment returns. We have also been working to
strengthen our approach to reporting and climate risk management, considering the evolving regulatory environment.

Pollen Street employs a comprehensive data-driven approach to ESG integration, leveraging precise analytics to drive .
meaningful engagement and sustainable business practices across our portfolio. Our proprietary scoring methodology
processes detailed ESG metrics to identify areas for enhancement, enabling the development of robust policies and
procedures, .

We collect over 50 ESG metrics annually, using the score to track progress through comprehensive dashboards and
scorecards, driving action plans during the year. For new investments, the Pollen Street ESG team uses the scores to
develop detailed post-investment plans with specific short, medium, and long-term objectives, designed to progress
toward our standards for sustainable business practices.

Looking ahead, we continue to look for opportunities to enhance our ESG reporting capabilities, focusing on automation
and efficiency improvements to deliver more granular insights. This commitment enables increasingly tangible ESG
improvements across the portfolio while meeting growing demands for standardised, transparent reporting.

* Approved by the Board on 19 June 2025 and signed on its behalf by:
_—
Lindsey McMurray

Director .
19 June 2025

Annual Report and Accounts 7

POLLEN STREET LIMITED :
Registered Number: 09899024

DIRECTORS’ REPORT
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024

The directors present their report for the year ended 31 December 2024.

Key information ‘
Pollen Street Limited is a private company limited by shares, incorporated, domiciled and registered in England, United
Kingdom with registered number 09899024. The registered office is 11-12 Hanover Square, London, W1S 1J, United
Kingdom.

During the year, shares issued by the Company were listed on the London Stock Exchange. However, following completion
of the Scheme on 24 January 2024, the shares were delisted and the Company changed its status from a public company
to a private company. As such, a number of the disclosure and corporate governance requirements that are applicable to
listed companies ceased to apply to Pollen Street Limited.

Directors
The directors who served during the year were:

LMcMurray

MJ G Potter (appointed on 2 May 2024)

1M C Gascoigne (appointed on 2 May 2024)
JD Scotcher (appointed on 2 May 2024)
GACardenas (resigned on 2 May 2024)

J Coyle (resigned on 2 May 2024)

JD Dale (resigned on 13 June 2024)

JC Lake (resigned on 2 May 2024)

RA Rowney (resigned on 2 May 2024)

R Sharpe (resigned on 2 May 2024)

Results and dividends .
The profit for the year amounted to £23.8 million ona standalone basis (2023: £30.2 million). During the year, the Company
transferred Investment Assets to a new wholly owned subsidiary, Pollen Street Investments Limited. The income on these
assets is therefore no longer included in this Annual Report and Accounts.

During the year, dividends of £24.9 million (2023: £31.7 million) were approved.

Going concern
The directors have a reasonable expectation that the Company has adequate resources to continue in operational
existence for the foreseeable future, being a period of at least twelve months from the date that this report and accounts
will be approved. Accordingly, the directors continue to adopt the going concern basis in preparing these accounts.

Directors’ and officers’ insurance and indemnities
In accordance with the Company's Articles and s.234(2) of the Companies Act 2006, a qualifying third-party indemnity is
in force to the extent permitted by law for the benefit of each of the Directors in respect of liabilities incurred as a result of
their office. For those liabilities for which Directors may not be indemnified, the Company maintains insurance for the
Directors in respect of liabilities arising from the performance of their duties. During the year under review the Company
maintained directors’ and officers’ liability insurance for its Directors and Officers as permitted by Section 233 of the
Companies Act 2006. The directors’ and officers’ liability insurance has been renewed and will remain in place under the
current renewal until February 2026.

Status of the Company

The Company was incorporated in England and Wales on 2 December 2015 and started trading on 23 December 2015,

immediately upon the Company's listing. Throughout 2023 the Company was classified as an investment company within’
the meaning of Section 833 of the Companies Act 2006. The Company also operated as an investment trust in accordance

with Section 1158 of the Corporation Tax Act 2010 and the Investment Trust (Approved Company) (Tax) Regulations 2011.

The Company conducted its affairs so that it was able to maintain its status as an.investment trust during 2023. The

Company's investment manager was Pollen Street Capital Limited, a fellow subsidiary of the Group. Following the

implementation of the Scheme on 24 January 2024, the Company ceased to be categorised as an investment trust.

Following the Reorganisation, the Company is also no longer classified as an AIF under UK AIFMD

Borrowing : .
The Directors’ have set a limit on net borrowings at 100 per cent of share capital and reserves. This limit was adhered to
during the year ended 31 December 2024 and the year ended 31 December 2023. .

Annual Report and Accounts 8

POLLEN STREET LIMITED
Registered Number: 09899024 . -

DIRECTORS’ REPORT (CONTINUED) _
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024

Hedging :
The Company hedges currency exposure between Sterling and any other currency in which the Company’s assets may be
denominated, including US Dollars and Euros.

‘The Company seeks to arrange suitable hedging contracts, such as foreign exchange swap agreements and other foreign
currency derivative contracts in a timely manner and on terms acceptable to the Company to hedge its foreign exchange
tisk. Details of derivative finaricial instruments in place at 31 December 2024 can be found in Note 11.

Approved by the Board on 19 June 2025 and signed on its behalf by:

na

Lindsey McMurray
Director
19 June 2025

Annual Report and Accounts: 9

POLLEN STREET LIMITED
Registered Number: 09899024

STATEMENT OF DIRECTORS’ RESPONSIBILITIES IN RESPECT OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS .
The directors are responsible for preparing the Annual Report and Accounts and the financial statements in accordance
with applicable law and regulation.

Company law requires the directors to prepare financial statements for each financial year. Under that law the directors
have prepared the financial statements in accordance with UK-adopted international accounting standards.

Under company law, directors must not approve the financial statements unless they are satisfied that they give a true and
for view of the state of affairs of the compeny and of the proft or oss of the company for thet period. In preparing the
financial statements, the directors are required to:

* — select suitable accounting policies and then apply them consistently;

* state whether applicable UK-adopted international accounting standards have been followed, subject to any
material departures disclosed and explained in the financial statements;

* make judgements and accounting estimates that are reasonable and prudent; and

* prepare the financial statements on the going concern basis unless it is inappropriate to presume that the
company will continue in business. .

The directors are responsible for safeguarding the assets of the company and hence for taking reasonable steps for the
prevention and detection of fraud and other irregularities.

The directors are also responsible for keeping adequate accounting records that are sufficient to show and explain the
company’s transactions and disclose with reasonable accuracy at any time the financial position of the company and
enable them to ensure that the financial statements comply with the Companies Act 2006.

Directors’ confirmations
In the case of each director in office at the date the directors’ report is approved:

* so far as the director is aware, there is no relevant audit information of which the company’s auditors are
unaware; and

+ they have taken all the steps that they ought to have taken as a director in order to make themselves aware of
any relevant audit information and to establish that the company’s auditors are aware of that information.

ae

Lindsey McMurray (on behalf of the Board)
Director
19 June 2025

Annual Report and Accounts 10

POLLEN STREET LIMITED,
Registered Number: 09899024

INDEPENDENT AUDITORS’ REPORT TO THE MEMBERS OF POLLEN STREET LIMITED
REPORT ON THE AUDIT OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Opinion
In our opinion, Pollen Street Limited’s financial statements:

* give a true and fair view of the state of the Company's affairs as at 31 December 2024 and of its profit and cash
flows for the year then ended;
* have been properly prepared in accordance with UK-adopted international accounting standards; and

* have been prepared in accordance with.the requirements of the Companies Act 2006.

We have audited the financial statements, included within the Annual Report and Accounts (the “Annual Report"), which
comprise: the Statement of Financial Position as at 31 December 2024; the Statement of Profit or Loss and Other
Comprehensive Income, the Statement of Changes in Shareholders’ Funds and the Statement of Cash Flows for the year
then ended; and the notes to the financial statements, comprising material accounting policy information and other
explanatory information.

Basis for opinion
We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (UK) (“ISAs (UK)") and applicable law.
Our responsibilities under ISAs (UK) are further described in the Auditors’ responsibilities for the audit of the financial
statements section of our report. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to
provide a basis for our opinion.

independence

We remained independent of the Company in accordance with the ethical requirements that are relevant to our audit of
the financial statements in the UK, which includes the FRC’s Ethical Standard, and we have fulfilled our other ethical
responsibilities in accordance with these requirements. :

Conclusions relating to going concern

Based on the work we have performed, we have not identified any material uncertainties relating to events or conditions
that, individually or collectively, may cast significant doubt on the company’s ability to continue as a going concern fora
period of at least twelve months from when the financial statements are authorised for issue.

In auditing the financial statements, we have concluded that the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting
in the preparation of the financial statements is appropriate.

However, because not all future events or conditions can be predicted, this conclusion is not a guarantee as to the
company's ability to continue as a going concer.

Our responsibilities and the responsibilities of the directors with respect to going concern are described in the relevant
sections of this report.

Reporting on other information
The other information comprises all of the information in the Annual Report other than the financial statements and our
auditors’ report thereon. The directors are responsible for the other information. Our opinion on the financial statements
does not cover the other information and, accordingly, we do not express an audit opinion or, exceptto the extent otherwise
explicitly stated in this report, any form of assurance thereon.

In connection with our audit of the financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information and, in doing
‘so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the financial statements or our knowledge
obtained in the audit, or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If we identify an apparent material inconsistency
or material misstatement, we are required to perform procedures to conclude whether there is a material misstatement
of the financial statements or a material misstatement of the other information. If, based on the work we have performed,
we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact. We have
nothing to report based on these responsibilities.

With respect to the Strategic report and Directors’ report, we also considered whether the disclosures required by the UK
Companies Act 2006 have been included.

Based on our work undertaken in the course of the audit, the Companies Act 2006 requires us also to report certain
opinions and matters as described below.

Strategic report and Directors’ report

In our opinion, based on the work undertaken in the course of the audit, the information given in the Strategic report and
Directors' report for the year ended 31 December 2024 is consistent with the financial statements and has been prepared
in accordance with applicable legal requirements.

In light of the knowledge and understanding of the company and its environment obtained in the course of the audit, we
did not identify any material misstatements in the Strategic report and Directors’ report.

Annual Report and Accounts a)

POLLEN STREET LIMITED
Registered Number: 09899024

Responsibilities for the financial statements and the audit

Responsibilities of the directors for the financial statements

As explained more fully in the Statement of Directors’ Responsibilities in respect of the financial statements, the directors
are responsible for the preparation of the financial statements in accordance with the applicable framework and for being
satisfied that they give a true and fair view. The directors are also responsible for such intérnal control as they determine
is necéssary to enable the preparation of financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to
fraud or error.

In preparing the financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the company’s ability to continue as a
going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of
accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the company or to cease operations, or have no realistic
alternative but to do so.

Auditors’ responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements

Our objectives are to obtain reasonablé assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole are free from
material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditors’ report that includes our opinion.
Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, butis not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with ISAs
(UK) will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are
considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic
decisions of users taken on the basis of these financial statements.

Irregularities, including fraud, are instances of non-compliance with laws and regulations. We design procedures in line
with our responsibilities, outlined above, to detect material misstatements in respect of irregularities, including fraud. The
extent to which our procedures are capable of detecting irregularities, including fraud, is detailed below. -

Based on our understanding of the company and industry, we identified that the principal risks of non-compliance with
laws and regulations related to’ the Companies Act 2006 and UK tax legislation, and we considered the extent to which
non-compliance might have a material effect on the financial statements. We evaluated management's incentives and
opportunities for fraudulent manipulation of the financial statements (including the risk of override of controls), and
determined that the principal risks were related to posting inappropriate journal entries and management bias in
accounting estimates. Audit procedures performed by the engagement team included:

* , Discussions with management and the directors, including consideration of known or suspected instances of

non-compliance with laws and regulation and fraud;
+ Reviewing Board and other relevant committee minutes to identify any significant or unusual transactions or
other matters that could require further investigation;

* Challenging assumptions and judgements made by management in determining significant accounting
estimates, in particular in relation to the valuation of equity assets held at fair value, and the allowance for
expected credit losses on credit assets at amortised cost;

© Identifying and testing journal entries meeting specific fraud criteria, including those posted with certain account
combinations and posted by unexpectedusers;,

Obtaining confirmations from third parties to confirm the existence of a sample of balances; and
* Incorporating unpredictability in the selection of the nature, timing and extent of audit procedures performed.

There are inherent limitations in the audit procedures described above. We are less likely to become aware of instances of
non-compliance with laws and reguiations that are not closely related to events and transactions reflected in the financial
statements. Also, the risk of not detecting a material misstatement due to fraud is higher than the risk of not detecting one
resulting from error, as fraud may involve deliberate concealment by, for example, forgery or intentional
misrepresentations, or through collusion.

A further description of our responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements is located on the FRC’s website at:
www.frc.org.uk/auditorsresponsibilities. This description forms part of our auditors’ report.

Use of this report
This report, including the opinions, has been prepared for and only for the compariy’s members as a body in accordance
with Chapter 3 of Part 16 of the Companies Act 2006 and for no other purpose. We do not, in giving these opinions, accept
or assume responsibility for any other purpose or to any other person to whom this report is shown or into whose hands it
may come save where expressly agreed by our prior consent in writing. .

Annual Report and Accounts 2