BETA Close X Pollen Street Group Limited announced that all resolutions at its 2025 Annual General Meeting were passed, though resolutions 15 and 16 concerning a Rule 9 Waiver received 72.82% and 77.37% support respectively. These waivers are crucial for implementing share buybacks, approved by 87.92% of votes, and employee share schemes like the 2026 SIP Grants, approved by 93.58% of votes, without triggering a mandatory offer. The Board has engaged with shareholders to understand their voting decisions and believes there is strong support for maintaining flexibility in share buybacks and employee ownership programs. The company will consider shareholder views for future AGMs and continue discussions with proxy advisors. Disclaimer* Pollen Street Group Limited 11 December 2025 11 December 2025 Pollen Street Group Limited Update Statement 2025 Annual General Meeting Voting Results Pollen Street Group Limited ("Pollen Street Group" or the "Company") today provides an update regarding its Annual General Meeting held on 12 June 2025 ("AGM"). As previously announced, all resolutions at the AGM were successfully passed with the requisite majority of votes. However, the Company acknowledges that resolutions 15 and 16 ("The Rule 9 Waiver Resolutions") received a lower level of support (72.82% and 77.37% of votes cast in favour respectively). The Rule 9 Waiver Resolutions, approved by independent shareholders, relate to a waiver granted by the Panel on Takeovers and Mergers. This waiver concerns any obligation for the Concert Party to make a general offer for all issued ordinary shares, should their holding increase as a result of the Company's share buyback authority (Resolution 11, approved by 87.92% of votes) or the 2026 Awards and 2026 SIP Grants (Resolution 17, approved by 93.58% of votes). These resolutions can only be implemented by applying The Rule 9 Waiver Resolutions. The Board has actively engaged with shareholders on an ongoing basis to understand their voting decisions and to discuss the rationale for these resolutions. Engagement has included individual meetings, presentations, and informal outreach by our brokers. Through this engagement, the Board believes there is strong shareholder support for maintaining flexibility for share buybacks, which is an important component of our Capital Allocation Framework, and for broadening employee share-ownership through programmes such as the 2026 SIP Grant, both of which the Board believes are in shareholders' best interests. The Board encourages ongoing engagement with shareholders and proxy advisers and continues to make itself available to all stakeholders on request . The Board will again take the views of shareholders into account ahead of tabling resolutions at the next AGM and continues to engage regularly with shareholders and their representative bodies. The Board also intends to continue discussions with ISS regarding its standing policy generally to recommend a vote against Rule 9 waivers, which the Board believes may have influenced investor decisions. In accordance with the UK Corporate Governance Code, any further updates will be provided in the Company's 2025 annual report and accounts. Unless otherwise defined all terms have the meanings given in the Notice of Meeting 13 May 2025. About Pollen Street Pollen Street is an alternative asset manager dedicated to investing within the financial and business services sectors across both Private Equity and Private Credit strategies. Founded in 2013, the Group has consistently delivered top-tier returns alongside growing AuM. Pollen Street operates through two complementary segments: the Asset Manager, which manages third-party AuM, and the Investment Company, which invests on balance sheet to generate attractive returns and accelerate AuM growth through alignment with investors. POLN is listed on the London Stock Exchange (ticker symbol: POLN) and is a member of the FTSE 250 index. Further details are available at www.pollenstreetgroup.com For further information about this announcement please contact: Pollen Street Group Limited Corporate Development Director Shweta.Chugh@pollencap.com +44 (0)20 3965 5081 MUFG Corporate Governance Ltd Company Secretary POLNcosec@cm.mpms.mufg.com FGS Global Communications Advisor PollenStreetCapital-LON@fgsglobal.com +44 (0) 7855 95 5531 Barclays Bank plc Joint broker Neal West / Stuart Muress +44 (0) 20 7623 2323 Investec Bank plc Joint broker Ben Griffiths / Kamalini Hull +44 (0) 20 7597 4000 LEI: 894500LP94M98N8CY487 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Pollen Street (POLN) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 8 hours ago RIT Capital Partners 8 hours ago Buccaneer Energy PLC 9 hours ago Oxford Nanopore Technologies 9 hours ago XP Factory 9 hours ago Genuit Group All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and