BETA Close X Pollen Street Group Limited announced that Crispin Goldsmith, the Chief Financial Officer, acquired 18 ordinary shares at £8.346325 per share and received 18 matching ordinary shares at no cost under the Pollen Street Share Incentive Plan on 25 June 2026. The total transaction involved 36 shares with an aggregated price of £150.23. This notification is made pursuant to the UK Market Abuse Regulation. Disclaimer* Pollen Street Group Limited 29 June 2026 Pollen Street Group Limited (the Company) PDMR Notification Pollen Street Share Incentive Plan Notification and public disclosure of transactions by persons discharging managerial responsibilities and persons closely associated with them The Company was notified on 26 June 2026 that the following transactions, relating to Persons Discharging Managerial Responsibilities ( PDMR ), took place under the Pollen Street Share Incentive Plan ( SIP ) on 25 June 2026. The SIP is an all-employee trust arrangement approved by HM Revenue & Customs, allowing employees to purchase ordinary shares of £0.01 each in the Company ( Ordinary Shares ) using deductions from their salary ( Partnership Shares ) on a monthly basis. Employees are also allocated additional free Ordinary Shares ( Matching Shares ) under the SIP. On 25 June 2026, on behalf of the PDMR, the SIP Trustees (MUFG Corporate Markets Trustees (UK) Limited) acquired 18 Partnership Shares at a price of £ 8.346325 per share. On the same date, the SIP Trustees also allocated Matching Shares at nil cost to the PDMR as detailed in the table below. This announcement is made pursuant to the Company's obligations under Article 19(3) of the UK Market Abuse Regulation. Crispin Goldsmith - purchase of shares under the SIP 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / person closely associated a) Name Crispin Goldsmith 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/status Chief Financial Officer b) Initial/Amendment notification Initial notification 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name Pollen Street Group Limited b) LEI 894500LP94M98N8CY487 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Identification code Ordinary shares of £0.01 each ISIN: GG00BMHG0H12 b) Nature of the transaction Purchase and allocation of partnership and matching shares, respectively, under the Pollen Street Share Incentive Plan. c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) 834.6325p 18 Nil 18 d) Aggregated information - Aggregated volume - Aggregated price 36 shares £ 150.23 e) Date of the transaction 25 June 2026 f) Place of the transaction London Stock Exchange (XLON) For further information about this announcement please contact: Pollen Street - Shareholder Relations - shareholders@pollencap.com Barclays Bank plc - Joint Broker - Neal West - +44 (0)20 7623 2323 Investec Bank plc - Joint Broker - Ben Griffiths / Kamalini Hull - +44 (0)20 7597 4000 FGS Global - Chris Sibbald / Anna Tabor - PollenStreetCapital-LON@fgsglobal.com MUFG Corporate Governance Limited - Company Secretary - POLNcosec@cm.mpms.mufg.com LEI: 894500LP94M98N8CY487 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Pollen Street (POLN) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 22 minutes ago ProCook Group 1 hour ago Wizz Air Holdings 2 hours ago Roadside Real Estate 2 hours ago Aptamer Group 2 hours ago Norman Broadbent All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and