Item 1.01. Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement On June 18, 2025, Assurant, Inc. (the “Company”) entered into a third amended and restated credit agreement (the “New Revolving Credit Agreement”) with certain lenders party thereto, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as syndication agent, pursuant to which the Company established a $500 million senior unsecured revolving credit facility (the “New Revolving Credit Facility”). The New Revolving Credit Facility replaces the Company’s prior $500 million revolving credit facility, entered into on December 9, 2021, as previously disclosed in a Form 8-K filed December 9, 2021. The prior revolving credit facility was scheduled to expire in December 2026, but terminated upon the effectiveness of the New Revolving Credit Facility. The New Revolving Credit Facility, which expires in June 2030, provides for revolving loans and the issuance of , syndicated letters of credit and/or letters of credit from a sole issuing bank in an aggregate amount of $500 million, subject to a letter of credit sublimit of $50 million. The proceeds of these loans and the letters of credit issued under the New Revolving Credit Facility may be used for general corporate purposes. The Company may, subject to certain conditions, increase the total amount available under the New Revolving Credit Facility to $750 million. The New Revolving Credit Agreement contains customary affirmative, negative and financial covenants and customary events of default. The occurrence of an event of default under the New Revolving Credit Agreement may cause the unpaid principal and accrued interest and all other obligations under the New Revolving Credit Agreement to become immediately due and payable. The Company paid customary fees and expenses in connection with obtaining the New Revolving Credit Facility. The foregoing description of the New Revolving Credit Facility does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the New Revolving Credit Agreement, a copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit 10.1, and the terms of which are incorporated herein by reference. Item 2.03. Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant The information provided in Item 1.01 of this Form 8-K is incorporated herein by reference. Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits. (d) Exhibits Exhibit No. Exhibit 10.1 Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of June 18, 2025, among Assurant, Inc., as borrower, certain lenders party thereto, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as syndication agent.* 104 The cover page from this Current Report on Form 8-K, formatted in Inline XBRL. * Schedules and exhibits have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K. The Company agrees to furnish supplementally to the Securities and Exchange Commission a copy of any omitted schedule or exhibit upon request by the Securities and Exchange Commission. SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. ASSURANT, INC. Date: June 18, 2025 By /s/ Jay Rosenblum Name: Jay Rosenblum Title: Executive Vice President, Chief Legal Officer -3-