ITV plc Full-Year results for the twelve months ended 31 December 2025 
 
Carolyn McCall, ITV Chief Executive, said: 
“ITV delivered a good performance in 2025, ahead of current market expectations and against a challenging market backdrop.  With a strong digital platform, we have successfully 
capitalised on growth opportunities, delivered resilient profits and generated good levels of cash.  
 
“Our results demonstrate the scale of our transformation as we continue to successfully execute our More Than TV strategy. As part of the strategy, in 2022 we set intentionally ambitious 
targets and have been adapting as necessary in a rapidly evolving media and entertainment market. These targets are helping us transform ITV - creating a much more entrepreneurial, 
ambitious culture. Our strategy is yielding clear results, generating strong outcomes across both ITV Studios and M&E. And in doing so, we have achieved a key strategic goal with two-thirds 
of our revenues now coming from ITV Studios and our digital M&E business.  
 
“ITV Studios continues to outperform the wider market, a testament to its world-class talent, global scale, diversification, and unique IP library. At the same time, ITVX is successfully driving 
profitable growth in digital viewing and revenue. This growth is underpinned by the reach and strong cash generation of our broadcast business. We have an exceptional content line-up for 
2026, and are the only commercial streamer and broadcaster in the UK with rights to both the significantly expanded Men’s Football World Cup, and every England Men’s rugby match.  
 
“In line with ITV’s dividend policy, the Board is proposing a 5.0p per share full year ordinary dividend, bringing the total paid for this financial year to around £190m. 
 
“We have created two resilient and attractive businesses, and ITV today is a demonstrably leaner, more agile and increasingly digital business, well adapted to deliver future growth. As we 
head into 2026 and beyond, we are focused on delivering continued strategic progress, driving profitable growth and strong cash generation, underpinned by our unwavering value creation 
strategy.” 
 
Highlights:  
Full year 2025 - financial performance ahead of current market expectations 
Group total external revenue was up 1% and Group total revenue was flat year on year, with 5% growth in ITV Studios' total revenues and 10% growth in digital revenues, offsetting the 
decline in linear advertising against a strong 2024 comparative. Group adjusted EBITA1 was down only 1% year-on-year, with tight cost management largely offsetting the decline in TAR. 
Group adjusted EPS was down 11% to 8.5p.  
 
ITV Studios reported a strong performance with 10% growth in external revenue, reflecting strong demand from global streaming platforms. In addition, we generated double-digit revenue 
growth in Zoo 55, as we maximised the value of our high-value content library through digital distribution. ITV Studios' adjusted EBITA was £297m (2024: £299m), with an adjusted EBITA 
margin of 13.9% (2024: 14.7%), which reflects the change in revenue mix year-on-year as previously guided.  
 
M&E delivered a solid performance in 2025, as ITVX continues to drive strong viewing, up 16%, and digital advertising revenues, up 12%.  Total revenue was down 5%, as a result of a 5% 
decline in ITV TAR (vs guidance of down 6%), against a strong advertising performance in 2024, driven by the Men’s Euros. M&E adjusted EBITA was down 6%, due to the decrease in TAR 
offset by significant cost savings.  
 
1 Our APMs are defined within the APMs section of this report. It also includes a full reconciliation between adjusted and statutory results. Statutory profit before tax was down 35% to £338m, and statutory EPS was down 43% to 5.9p. 
The decline reflects the prior year including £194m from the profit on sale of BritBox International 
In total across the Group, we achieved £63m of permanent non-content cost savings which funded investments and offset inflation, along with £15m of temporary savings in M&E in 
response to the softer advertising demand in Q4 2025, as previously guided. In total, ITV has now delivered £253m of permanent cost savings since the start of 2019. 
 
Following our announcement in November 2025, we remain in discussions with Sky regarding a possible sale of the M&E business. There can be no certainty as to whether a transaction will 
take place and an update will be made in due course. 
 
Outlook - Confident in delivering profitable revenue growth in ITV Studios and ITVX, with continued cost management and strong cash generation, 
underpinned by our leading linear broadcast business 
ITV Studios is on track for another year of good growth in total revenue in 2026, ahead of the market, driven by external revenue. Full-year adjusted EBITA margin is expected to be at the 
lower end of the 13% to 15% range, reflecting the revenue mix in the year.  Revenue, margin and profit will be weighted to H2, due to the phasing of scripted deliveries and timing of high-
margin licensing deals. 
 
We expect M&E to continue to generate strong, profitable digital advertising revenue growth driven by the success of ITVX, which has already recouped its entire investment, four years 
earlier than expected. We will continue to expand our non-advertising digital revenues, building on our progress to date. 
 
Q1 TAR is forecast to be down around 2%, which is better than we expected. As is normal, advertisers are holding back budgets in order to spend in Q2 and Q3 around the expanded Men’s 
Football World Cup. We are showing 19 more matches than in 2022, and with more matches at peak time. We are confident that the football will deliver a strong advertising performance.  
 
As part of the continuing cost-saving programme, we will deliver a further £20m of additional permanent non-content cost savings in 2026 as we continue to create a leaner business. We 
expect our total content spend to be around £1.225bn in 2026, as we continue to optimise our content spend to best reflect viewer dynamics.  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2025 Group Financial Performance 
Twelve months to 31 December 2025 
£m 
2024 
£m 
Change 
       £m 
  Change 
% 
ITV Studios total revenue2 2,130 2,038 92 5 
T otal advertising revenue 1,723 1,820 (97) (5) 
M&E non-advertising revenue 268 282 (14) (5) 
M&E total revenue 1,991 2,102 (111) (5) 
Total group revenue 4,121 4,140 (19) - 
Internal revenue3 (610) (6 52) 42 6 
Group external revenue 3,511 3,488 23 1 
Total  n o n-advertising revenue 2,398 2,320 78 3 
ITV Studios adjusted EBITA 297 299 (2) (1) 
M&E adjusted EBITA 234 250 (16) (6) 
Adjusted EBITA 531 549 (18) (3) 
Unrealised profit in stock adjustment 3 (7) 10 143 
Group adjusted EBITA 534 542 (8) (1) 
Group adjusted EBITA margin 15.2% 15.5% - (0.3)% points 
Profit before tax (statutory) 338 521 (183) (35) 
Profit before tax (adjusted) 448 472 (24) (5) 
Adjusted EPS 8.5p 9.6p (1.1 )p (11) 
Statutory EPS 5.9p 10.4p (4.5)p (43) 
 
2 T otal ITV Studios revenue includes £89 million (31 December 2024: £106 million) of intra-segment revenue derived from trading between Global Partnerships and ITV Studios productions  
3 Internal revenue originates mainly in the UK and includes trading between ITV Studios and M&E, and Global Partnerships and ITV Studios productions 
Net debt as at 31 December (566) (431) (135) (31) 
Reported net debt to adjusted EBITDA leverage  1.0x 0.7x - - 
  
ITV’s full preliminary results: 
ITV plc’s preliminary results for the twelve months ended 31 December 2025 have been submitted in full unedited text to the Financial Conduct Authority's National Storage Mechanism 
and will be available shortly for inspection at: https://data.fca.org.uk/#/nsm/nationalstoragemechanism.  
 
A copy of the preliminary results will shortly be available on the ITV Plc corporate website: www.itvplc.com/investors/results-centre. 
 
This announcement is made in accordance with Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rule 6.3.5(1A). 
 
Virtual results presentation webcast and Q&A: 
ITV’s virtual results presentation and Q&A session will be held for investors and analysts at [9.00] am today (GMT) via the following link: https://www.investis-
live.com/itv/69663a4207020e000f8113d9/bfpft 
 
You are now able to pre-register to join. 
If you would like to ask a question, you will be able to do so via the following Conference Call details: 
 
Conference Call Dial-In: 
United Kingdom (Local): +44 20 3936 2999  
United Kingdom (Toll-Free): +44 808 189 0158  
Global Dial-In Numbers  
 
Access Code: 183046 
 
Press *1 to ask a question, *2 to withdraw your question, or *0 for operator assistance.   
Please refer to the Global Dial-In Numbers hyperlink above for alternate phone numbers. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Notes to Editors: 
1. Unless otherwise stated, all financial figures refer to the 12 months ended 31 December 2025, with the change compared to the same period in 2024. 
2. Total advertising revenue (TAR), which includes ITV Family NAR, digital advertising and sponsorship, was down 6% in Q4 and down 5% in FY , which was better than previous guidance. 
TAR is expected to be down around 2% in Q1 2026 compared to the same period in 2025, which is better than we expected.  Figures for ITV plc are based on ITV estimates and 
current forecasts. 
3. Key performance indicators 
Twelve months to 31 December 2025 2024 Change  
Group adjusted EPS 8.5p 9.6p (11)% 
Cost savings £63m £60m 5% 
Profit to cash conversion 65% 83% (18)% pts 
ITV Studios total organic revenue growth 1% (5)% 6% pts 
ITV Studios adjusted EBITA margin %  13.9% 14.7% (0.8)% pts 
Total high-end scripted hours 325 hrs 296 hrs 10% 
Number of formats sold in 3 or more countries 20 20 - 
% of ITV Studios total revenue from streaming platforms 28% 25% 3% pts 
Total M&E digital revenue (excluding Zoo55) £614m £556m 10% 
Total streaming hours 2,304m 1,980m 16% 
Monthly active users 16.5m 14.7m 12% 
Share of top 1,000 commercial broadcast TV programmes 91% 92% (1)% pts 
Share of commercial viewing (SOCV) 31.7% 32.2% (0.5)% pts 
UK subscribers as at 31 December 0.9m 1.0m (10)% 
 
● Our definition of total organic revenue excludes the impact of any acquisitions made during the current or prior period and the year-on-year movement in foreign exchange. In 2025, the unfavourable translation impact of foreign exchange on total revenue was 
£15 million.  
● Total digital revenue includes digital advertising revenue and subscription revenue, as well as linear addressable revenue, digital sponsorship and partnership revenue, ITV Win, commission from STV for ITV selling their video-on-demand inventory, social media 
advertising revenue, and any other revenues from digital business ventures which qualify under the definition.  Given the nature of digital revenue, it will evolve over time.  
● Total streaming hours measure the total number of hours viewers spent watching ITV across all streaming platforms at a device level. This includes streaming hours for both ad-funded and subscription streaming. Given the nature of the market and our 
strategy to grow digital revenues, we will include viewing hours from platforms and services where we serve ITV content, where we can reliably and robustly measure and de-duplicate such hours. In 2025, streaming hours also include users accessing our IP-
delivered content, for which data is now available. The prior year figure has been restated to reflect the inclusion of these hours; it was previously reported as 1,686m. 
● Total monthly active users (MAUs) measures the reach of ITV’s content digitally. Given the nature of the market and our strategy to grow digital revenues, we will continue to evolve our measurement approach as new data and methodologies become 
available, to include users from platforms and services where we serve ITV content, where we can reliably and robustly measure and de-duplicate such users. To date, total MAUs have captured the average number of identifiable users who accessed our 
owned and operated ITVX platforms and services each month throughout the period. In 2025, total MAUs also include users accessing our linear channels on devices where we can identify the user, for which data is now available. The prior year figure has 
been restated to reflect this inclusion; it was previously reported as 14.3m. 
● The share of top 1,000 commercial broadcast TV programmes KPI includes TV viewing from transmission and seven days post-transmission on catch up, as well as six weeks prior to the transmission window. It excludes programmes with a duration of <ten 
minutes. This metric is calculated as a 12-month rolling average to normalise seasonal scheduling. 
● ITV Family share of commercial viewing is the total viewing of audiences over the period achieved by ITV’s family of channels as a proportion of all commercial broadcast TV viewing in the UK, from transmission and seven days post transmission on catch up. 
ITV Family includes ITV1, ITV2, ITV3, ITV4, ITV Quiz (previously ITVBe), and associated “HD” and “+1” channels. 
● UK subscribers are users of ITVX’s premium tier. It includes those who pay ITV directly, pay via a third-party (such as Amazon Prime Video Channels) or an operator, and free trialists. Prior to the closure in 2024, it also included subscribers to the BritBox UK 
service on Amazon Prime Video Channels along with the BritBox UK standalone app.  
● % change for performance indicators is calculated on rounded numbers. 
 
4. Digital revenue breakdown 
Twelve months to 31 December 2025 
£m 
2024 
£m 
Change 
% 
Digital advertising revenue 540 482 12 
Subscription revenue 48 48 - 
Other digital revenue 26 26 - 
Total digital revenue 614 556 10 
 
5. Exceptional items: Total operating exceptional items were £107 million (2024: £65 million), which was marginally higher than guidance of £100 million. This total primarily included 
£69 million of restructuring and transformation costs and £38 million of corporate transaction-related expenses, which are performance-based, employment-linked consideration to 
former owners, and professional fees related to completed corporate transactions and potential corporate transactions. Further details on total exceptional items are provided in the 
Finance Review and Section 2.2 of the Financial Statements. 
6. Planning assumptions for the full year 2026 
● The following planning assumptions are based on our current view: 
● Profit and Loss Impact: 
○ Total content costs are expected to be around £1.225 billion as we continue to optimise our content spend to best reflect viewer dynamics. H1 content costs will be 
broadly in line with the prior year  
○ In total, we expect to deliver £20 million of non-content savings. These will come from a combination of new initiatives and annualised benefits from the 2025 
savings 
○ Adjusted financing costs are expected to be around £40 million 
○ The adjusted effective tax rate is expected to be around 27% over the medium-term  
○ Exceptional items are expected to be around £55 million, comprising corporate transaction-related costs, largely relating to earnout payments for previous 
acquisitions and restructuring and transformation costs. Cash impact is expected to be similar 
● Cash Impact: 
○ Profit to cash conversion is expected to be around 80% on average over the medium term 
○ Total capex is expected to be around £60 million as we continue to invest in our digital capabilities 
○ The Board has proposed a final dividend of 3.3p, which will be paid in May 2026. This gives a full-year dividend of 5.0p, a total of around £190 million. 
7. The full-year dividend timetable is as follows: 
Ex-dividend date Thursday 9 April 2026 
Record date Friday 10 April 2026 
AGM Thursday 7 May 2026 
Dividend paid Thursday 21 May 2026 
8. This announcement contains certain statements that are or may be forward looking statements. Words such as "targets", "expects", "aim", "anticipate", "intend", or the negative of 
these terms and other similar expressions of future performance or results, and their negatives, are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. These forward-looking 
statements are based upon current expectations and assumptions regarding anticipated developments and other factors affecting ITV. Although ITV believes that the expectations 
reflected in these forward-looking statements are reasonable, it can give no assurance that these expectations will prove to have been correct. By their nature forward looking 
statements involve risk and uncertainty because they relate to events and depend on circumstances that will occur in the future. They are not historical facts, nor are they guarantees 
of future performance; actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. There are a number of factors that could cause 
actual results and developments to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward looking statements. These factors include, but are not limited to (i) the general 
economic, business, political, regulatory and social conditions in the key markets in which the Group operates, (ii) a significant event impacting ITV’s liquidity or ability to operate and 
deliver effectively in any area of our business, (iii) a major change in the UK advertising market or consumer demand, (iv) significant change in regulation or legislation, (v) a 
significant change in demand for global content, and iv) a material change in the Group strategy to respond to these and other factors. Certain of these factors are discussed in more 
detail elsewhere in this announcement and in ITV's 2025 Annual Report and Accounts including, without limitation, in ITV's approach to risk management.  
Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made and, except as required by applicable law or regulation, ITV undertakes no obligation to update any forward-
looking statements, whether written or oral, that may be made from time to time, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Nothing in this statement 
should be construed as a profit forecast.  
9. The financial information set out above does not constitute the Company’s statutory accounts for the years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024, but is derived from the 2025 
accounts. A full copy of the 2025 Annual Report and Accounts will be available online at www.itvplc.com in due course. Statutory accounts for 2024 have been delivered to the 
Registrar of Companies, and those for 2025 will be delivered in due course. The auditors have reported on those accounts; their reports were (i) unqualified, (ii) did not include 
references to any matters to which the auditors drew attention by way of emphasis without qualifying their reports and (iii) did not contain statements under Sections 498(2) or 
498(3) of the Companies Act 2006. 
 
 
For further enquiries, please contact:  
Investor Relations 
Pippa Foulds                     +44 7778 031097 
Faye Dipnarine                  +44 20 7157 6581 
 
Media Relations 
Paul Moore                        +44 7860 794444 
Jenny Cummins   +44 7595 106670 
 
 
Chief Executive’s Statement 
ITV delivered a good performance in 2025, outperforming current market expectations, against a challenging market backdrop. The results demonstrate the 
scale of ITV’s strategic transformation. 
Now, with a strong digital platform, ITV has successfully capitalised on growth opportunities, delivered resilient profits and generated good levels of cash. ITV has also achieved a key strategic target, with two-thirds of revenue now coming 
from ITV Studios and M&E’s digital business. 
Financial highlights 
Group total external revenue was up 1%, and Group total revenue was flat, a good outcome given a 5% decline in total advertising revenue (TAR), compared with a strong advertising performance in 2024 due to the Men’s Euros. 5% 
growth in ITV Studios’ total revenues and 10% growth in digital revenues offset the linear advertising decline, demonstrating the effectiveness of the More than TV strategy. 
ITV Studios delivered a strong performance driven by 10% growth in external revenue with significant deliveries to global streaming platforms. We also saw double-digit growth in Zoo 55 revenue, maximising the value of the high-quality 
content library through digital distribution globally. Within M&E, ITVX continued its momentum with viewing up 16% and digital advertising revenues up 12%. Digital advertising now represents 31% of total advertising revenues. 
Group adjusted EBITA was resilient, down only 1% year-on-year, due to tight cost management. Group adjusted EPS was down 11% to 8.5p due to higher financing costs and a higher effective tax rate than in the prior year.  
Our statutory results reflect the year-on-year comparison against 2024, which included the one-off profit on the sale of BritBox International; as a result, statutory profit before tax was down 35%, and statutory EPS decreased 43% to 5.9p. 
Our balance sheet remains strong, with net debt of £566 million, a net debt to adjusted EBITDA leverage of 1.0x, and good free cash flow of £187 million. 
In line with ITV’s dividend policy, the Board is proposing a 5.0p per share ordinary dividend for the full year, bringing the total paid for 2025 to c.£190 million. Since 2018, ITV has returned over £1.6 billion to shareholders. 
Our Purpose, Vision and More than TV strategy 
Our purpose is ‘Making What Matters’, entertaining and connecting with millions of people in the UK and globally, reflecting and shaping culture and building brands with brilliant content and creativity. 
Our strategic vision is to be a leader in UK advertiser-funded broadcasting and streaming and a diversified and expanding global force in content. Our strategy is based on three key pillars: 
 Expand Studios - Further diversifying and expanding by genre, geography and customer, and growing faster than the market 
 Supercharge our Streaming business - Driving digital viewing and revenue through ITVX and Planet V, ITV’s leading addressable advertising platform 
 Optimise our Broadcast business - Digitally transforming as we continue to attract commercial broadcast audiences of unparalleled scale 
These pillars are underpinned by a clear set of strategic priorities (detailed further in the Operating and Financial Performance Review section). As part of the strategy, we set intentionally ambitious financial and non-financial targets to 
drive performance and have adapted them as necessary in a rapidly evolving market (detailed in the KPIs section). These targets have been instrumental in transforming ITV, both culturally and operationally, galvanising our teams and 
creating a more entrepreneurial and ambitious culture. This is yielding clear results. 
As we successfully execute our strategy, we continuously assess all options to create the greatest value for shareholders. Following our announcement in November 2025, we remain in discussions with Sky regarding a possible sale of the 
M&E business. There can be no certainty as to whether a transaction will take place and an update will be made in due course. 
Expand Studios 
ITV Studios is a distinctive business with a leading position in the global content market. Its core competitive advantages and value drivers – world-class talent, global scale and a unique IP library – are underpinned by a culture of cost 
discipline. This combination ensures the business is well-positioned to continue to grow ahead of the market and drive attractive margins. 
ITV Studios’ creative culture attracts and retains the industry’s leading talent by offering independence and an entrepreneurial culture backed by global distribution and resources.  This has made ITV Studios a destination for top creative 
talent, a position we continue to enhance through attracting talent and making strategic acquisitions that deliver both creative scale and revenue synergies. This year, ITV Studios acquired Moonage Pictures in the UK (producers of The 
Gentlemen for Netflix) and Plano a Plano in Spain (producers of Suspicious Minds for Disney+). 
The success of this strategy is evident in our creative output. We produce iconic programmes such as The Voice, Love Island, The Graham Norton Show and Line of Duty, while some of our newer labels, such as Happy Prince and Quay 
Street Productions, are delivering hit scripted shows.  For example Rivals for Disney+, which is returning for season 2 following the success of season 1, and Harlan Coben titles including Run Away and Fool Me Once for Netflix. ITV Studios’ 
success in talent retention is clear, reinforcing our position as an environment where the industry’s best creative leaders thrive. In the UK, where we conduct the majority of our talent deals and acquisitions, around 75% of our label MDs 
and creative leads remain with the business post-earnout. 
The global content market remains large and attractive. As a scaled and diversified business, ITV Studios is well-positioned to outperform the highly fragmented global market. ITV Studios is the largest TV producer in the UK, one of the 
world’s largest studio groups, and a key player in the markets in which it operates.
Chief Executive’s Statement (continued) 
 
ITV Studios’ strength lies in its diversification across geography, genre, and customer base. Today, 59% of our revenue is generated internationally, and 28% comes from the growing streaming market as we build a strong track record for 
successful content. We maintain deep, strategic relationships with the world’s leading content buyers, with active projects in development for every major global streaming platform and an exciting pipeline of new and returning hits that 
demonstrate our creative reach. 
ITV Studios’ unique library of over 100,000 hours of scripted and unscripted content is a significant strategic asset. Each year, thousands of hours of new IP are added, which is licensed to over 350 customers globally. This scale allows ITV 
Studios to maximise the lifetime value of its content. The team are also taking advantage of the fast-growing digital distribution market through our digital label, Zoo 55. 
Zoo 55 enables ITV Studios to expand the reach of its long and short-form content, distributing it across social video, FAST, and AVOD (ad-supported video on demand) channels globally. By using data-driven audience insights and AI to 
curate content, Zoo 55 can engage wider global audiences across a broader range of platforms.  In 2025, Zoo 55 generated over 47 billion global views, up over 30% year-on-year, which drove double-digit revenue growth. 
ITV Studios’ operating model as a creator, owner, producer and distributor of IP ensures it captures the full value of the content lifecycle. This enables the business to drive above-market growth and deliver attractive margins. Our strategy 
of diversifying revenues has resulted in a stable foundation of c.60% recurring revenues, supported by a low-risk model that delivers high-quality earnings and strong cash generation. 
ITV Studios has consistently grown ahead of the market at an attractive margin. We made a corporate viewer-led and efficiency-driven decision to implement a new scheduling pattern for the Soaps and production changes for our 
Daytime schedule. These were the right decisions for ITV, delivering significant savings in M&E, but have reduced ITV Studios’ internal revenue by c.£80 million effective from 2026. We remain on track to deliver our 2026 financial target of 
5% average annual total organic revenue growth from 2021, excluding Daytime and Soaps. Furthermore, we remain on track to deliver an adjusted EBITA margin within our 13% to 15% range. 
Media & Entertainment (M&E)  
As the UK’s largest commercial broadcaster and BVOD1 streamer, M&E’s success is underpinned by two strategic pillars: Supercharge Streaming and Optimise Broadcast, both of which are critical in a rapidly changing market. 
By leveraging ITV’s scale, trusted brand, and high-quality content, M&E is well-positioned to deliver profitable digital revenue growth and strong cash generation. We combine our reach with an extensive first-party dataset to offer a 
compelling commercial proposition: mass audiences alongside sophisticated targeted advertising and integrated creative partnerships – all within a brand-safe, measured environment. A tightly disciplined, agile cost base remains central 
to M&E’s resilience. 
Supercharge Streaming 
ITVX and Planet V have fundamentally transformed our streaming offering, driving fast-growing, profitable digital advertising revenues. ITVX is the fastest-growing broadcaster streaming platform in the UK and, since launch in 2022, has 
delivered 25% CAGR in total streaming hours and 16% CAGR in digital advertising revenues.  
In addition, by using data on audience behaviour and preferences, the team have optimised content spend across ITVX and the linear TV channels to ensure our curated offering attracts and retains the most commercially valuable 
viewers.  
Planet V, our first-class addressable advertising platform, provides access to over 40 million registered users, with 20,000 targeting options which can be further augmented with data from third-party providers such as Tesco and Carwow. 
Since launch, Planet V has attracted over 1,500 new advertisers to ITV. 
With this momentum, digital advertising revenue is outperforming our original plan.  Given the strong performance of advertiser-funded streaming on ITVX and our focus on profitable growth, we have pivoted our digital strategy by 
doubling down on this model and deprioritising subscription video on demand. Therefore, it will take slightly longer than initially anticipated to reach the overall £750 million digital revenue target. 
Importantly, this has saved significant incremental content and marketing spend. As a result, we reached break-even two years earlier than planned, recouping our entire investment in ITVX four years earlier than projected. In doing so, 
we have created a more resilient, focused and profitable ITVX platform, with very attractive growth prospects.  
Building on the foundations of the strategic investments in ITVX and Planet V, we are competing effectively in the £9.5 billion online video advertising segment, attracting ‘new-to-ITV’ advertisers and growing our share of the market. 
We are removing barriers to entry and simplifying the buying process for TV advertising for small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs). We have onboarded new SME advertisers, who are not represented by agencies through our 
recently established direct sales team. In addition, we are making good progress towards the launch of our self-serve advertising platform in collaboration with Sky, Channel 4, and Comcast’s Universal Ads platform which we will be testing 
later this year.  
1. Broadcaster video on demand 
ITV is also extending its reach and monetisation through strategic content and commercial partnerships. Through our YouTube partnership, over 40% of the viewing to ITV’s content on the platform is from under 35-year-olds, driving 
incremental reach without cannibalising ITVX viewing. The newly created ITV YouTube sales team, which sells advertising around ITV content on the platform, continues to grow, partnering with over 800 brands and products today, up 
from six at launch. In early 2026, we announced a partnership with Banijay to sell all their advertising around their content on YouTube.  
Our partnership with Disney+ has successfully driven fresh consideration for both platforms, and we are now expanding this relationship to bring selected Disney+ titles to ITV1’s peak schedule. We also have a new collaboration with 
TikTok, which is further driving engagement and monetisation around curated ITV content. 
 
Chief Executive’s Statement (continued) 
We are leveraging our IP and first-party data to drive growth in digital non-advertising revenue. We launched The Birthday Draw in January 2026, a partnership with Global for a £1 million cash prize, and are evolving ITV Win into a 
premium destination for competitions, most recently with the introduction of ITV Win Bingo & Spins. While it is early days, we expect these two initiatives to drive double-digit growth in interactive revenues and will broadly break-even in 
year one. 
Optimise Broadcast 
While we Supercharge Streaming, we continue to Optimise Broadcast, increasing productivity and efficiency, and remain the only commercial platform capable of delivering mass cultural moments at scale, a reach that is increasingly 
valuable for advertisers in a fragmented market. In 2025, ITV delivered 91% of the top 1,000 commercial audiences.  
To reinforce this value, we are collaborating with Channel 4 and Sky on ‘Lantern’ (launching in 2027), an outcomes program to measure the effectiveness of TV advertising. This enables advertisers to track the short-term impact of TV 
campaigns on sales, and has been welcomed by advertising agencies and clients, reinforcing ITV’s leading high-performance and brand safe environment.  
We are optimising our 2026 content spend to best reflect viewer dynamics and deliver the most valuable audiences for advertisers. We have an extraordinary programme schedule across Drama, Entertainment and Reality, while scaling 
live Sport. ITV is the only commercial broadcaster with the rights to the Men’s Football World Cup, which includes 19 more matches on ITV. We also have the rights to all England men’s rugby games this year. 
Strategic cost programme 
Through our ongoing strategic cost programme, we continue to drive productivity and efficiency gains, as we reprioritise our resource allocation to better align with our strategy. 
In 2025, we delivered £50 million of permanent savings, £5 million ahead of plan, alongside £13 million of annualised transmission savings from our previous cost programme. Since the start of 2019, we have achieved £253 million of 
cumulative non-content savings. 
Savings during the year were driven by operational and technology efficiencies and organisational redesign. We are also increasingly using AI across the business to drive efficiencies, as well as create revenue opportunities. These savings 
have funded investments and more than offset inflation in both businesses. 
In 2026, we expect a further £20 million of savings, which is a combination of new initiatives and the annualised benefits from our 2025 savings. Our structured and disciplined approach to cost ensures that ITV remains a lean, agile 
business, optimising our cost base to enhance profitability and invest in the growth drivers. 
Our Social Purpose 
ITV has an incredible history of reflecting and shaping culture for good. From championing the stories that need to be told to fostering an inclusive and creative workplace, we remain committed to our social purpose, which is focused 
across four areas: 
 Mental Wellbeing: We encouraged the nation to prioritise their health through our ‘Britain Get Talking’ and ‘Role of a Lifetime’ campaigns. We also relaunched our Head First Award, which awards £1 million of airtime to an advertiser 
promoting positive mental wellbeing. 
 Better Futures: Our audiences raised over £15 million for Soccer Aid for UNICEF this year. We also reached a milestone in our Creative Access partnership, matching over 500 mentoring partnerships to support the next generation of 
industry talent. 
 Climate Action: ITV earned an ‘A’ score from CDP , placing us in the top 4% of companies globally for climate performance and transparency. We continue to innovate on-screen, including Emmerdale’s award-winning climate storytelling 
and recent sustainable partnership with the Department for Energy Security and Net Zero. 
 Diversity, Equity and Inclusion: We committed a further £80 million to our Diversity Commissioning Spend, which created high-impact content such as the successful drama Code of Silence. Through our Diversity Development Fund and 
Fresh Cuts series, we continue to champion underrepresented creatives and enhance accessibility support on shows such as The Assembly. Our colleague networks continue to thrive, helping us create an inclusive culture at ITV. 
Regulation 
New restrictions on less healthy food (LHF) advertising on Ofcom-regulated TV and streaming services before 9 p.m., and all day online, came into effect on 5 January 2026. ITV voluntarily implemented these restrictions from 1 October 
2025, in line with a pan-industry commitment. We have worked proactively with advertisers to mitigate the impact on advertising revenues. 
We continue to work with Ofcom as it implements the Media Act, including crucial provisions on prominence, inclusion and dispute resolution for public service broadcaster (PSB) streaming services. 
  
Chief Executive’s Statement (continued) 
Duty of Care 
ITV takes its responsibilities related to Duty of Care and Speaking Up very seriously, with significant focus from the Board and Executive Committee. We have robust and established processes in place to support the physical and mental 
health of everyone working for and with ITV, including those who help produce our shows and those who take part in them. We also provide confidential and anonymous channels through which concerns can be reported, and we ensure 
that we investigate all complaints raised. 
During 2025, ITV continued its focus on Duty of Care, building on Dr Paul Litchfield’s (Independent Chief Medical Adviser to ITV) 2024 review that confirmed ITV’s high standards of programme participant care. We streamlined access to 
specialist advice, simplified documentation, strengthened the risk team, and launched a new support framework for victims of stalking and harassment. Our Speaking Up efforts included raising awareness about the Complaints Handling 
Unit (CHU), implementing internal audit recommendations and revising the Complaints Handling Framework with updated case tracking and expanded board reporting to capture the CHU’s work and identify trends. 
Further details can be found in the Risks and Uncertainties section. 
Colleagues 
ITV’s 70th anniversary was a moment to celebrate the generations of talent who have built this company. I am immensely proud of all our colleagues and very grateful to them for all the achievements, creative, commercial and 
operational. They have navigated a year of industry change and internal restructuring with unwavering professionalism. 
The resilience of our culture is clear. Our Engagement Index rose six points to 63% this year, and I am particularly pleased that 75% of our people feel that diversity is valued and opportunities are equal. Despite the pace of change in our 
industry, our people remain motivated and proud to be part of ITV’s story. 
In 2025, we rolled out new AI tools to improve productivity and enhance our world-class creativity. We also embedded ‘Making What Matters’ as our internal brand and strengthened the link between the Board and our Ambassador 
network, who serve as a vital link to our global workforce. In 2026, we will continue to prioritise an open dialogue through structured Executive Committee town halls in all our offices and increasing interaction between our Ambassadors 
and senior leaders to ensure colleague voices drive action year-round. 
ITV’s success has always been built on a unique blend of creativity and commercialism, fuelled by the talent of our people. I am confident that this collective spirit will drive our future success. 
Outlook 
Our More than TV strategy is yielding clear results and generating strong outcomes across both ITV Studios and M&E. 
We have created two resilient and attractive businesses that are demonstrably leaner, more agile, increasingly digital and well-positioned to deliver future growth. As we head into 2026 and beyond, our strategic pillars remain constant, 
but our priorities will evolve and adapt to meet changing industry dynamics. This ensures we build on the significant momentum achieved to date. 
We remain focused on retaining the right people and ensuring we have an open dialogue within ITV.  
With the profitable growth of ITV Studios and the digital M&E business, along with strong cash generation, we will continue to deliver attractive returns to shareholders. 
 
Carolyn McCall  
Chief Executive 
 
 
 
 
Key Performance Indicators 
Our KPIs and 2026 targets, which were set as part of Phase Two of our More than TV strategy in 2022, align our performance and accountability with our 
strategic priorities. This is detailed further in the Chief Executive’s Statement and Operating and Financial Performance Review. 
All KPIs are reported externally on a six-month basis (but monitored internally by the Board and management on a monthly basis). The following are reported externally quarterly: ITV Studios total revenue growth, total digital revenue, 
total streaming hours, share of commercial viewing and share of top 1,000 commercial broadcast TV programmes. 
For further details on the performance of our KPIs, see the Operating and Financial Performance Review. 
ITV GROUP 
ADJUSTED EPS1   COST SAVINGS    PROFIT TO CASH CONVERSION1 
8.5p  
-11% on 2024 
  
£253m 
cumulative permanent savings since the start of 2019 
  
65% 
-18 basis points on 2024 
Adjusted EPS represents the adjusted profit after tax1 attributable to each equity 
share in the year .  
Why it’s important 
It is an important measure, as we aim to create long-term value for our shareholders. 
Performance 
Adjusted EPS decreased by 11% to 8.5p, reflecting lower total advertising revenue 
year-on-year, partially offset by content and non-content cost savings across the 
Group. Higher adjusted financing costs and an increase in the adjusted effective tax 
rate further impacted the decline. Refer to the Finance Review for further details. 
  
 
Cost savings are permanent savings to the business.  
Why it’s important 
We aim to run our business as efficiently as possible. Managing our cost base and 
mitigating the impact of inflation is key, and funding investments in line with 
our strategic priorities.  
Performance 
We delivered £50 million of permanent efficiencies in 2025 as part of our strategic 
cost programme, alongside £13 million of annualised transmission savings from our 
previous plan. We have delivered £253 million of cumulative savings since the start of 
2019. 
We expect to deliver a further £20 million of non-content savings in 2026, which is a 
combination of new initiatives and 2025 annualised savings. 
  Profit to cash is our adjusted cash flow as a proportion of adjusted EBITA. 
Why it’s important 
One of ITV’s strengths is its cash generation. Profit to cash conversion serves as a key 
indicator in measuring our effectiveness in exercising tight management of working 
capital balances.  
Performance 
Profit to cash conversion was 65% in the year, reflecting an increase in working 
capital, predominantly in ITV Studios from an increase in programmes in production.  
Over the three years from 2023 to 2025, cash conversion has averaged around 80%  
2026 Target 
There was no target set for Adjusted EPS. 
  2026 Target 
Deliver over £150 million of cumulative savings from the start of 2019 to the end of 
2026. 
  2026 Target 
Maintain at around 85%. 
1. A full reconciliation between our adjusted and statutory results is provided in the APMs section 
  
 
Key Performance Indicators (continued) 
EXPAND STUDIOS UK AND GLOBAL PRODUCTION 
ITV STUDIOS TOTAL ORGANIC 
REVENUE GROWTH2 
  ITV STUDIOS ADJUSTED EBITA2 MARGIN 
% 
  TOTAL HIGH-END SCRIPTED HOURS   % OF ITV STUDIOS TOTAL REVENUE 
FROM STREAMING PLATFORMS 
  NUMBER OF FORMATS SOLD IN 
THREE OR MORE COUNTRIES 
 
+1% 
on 2024 
  
13.9%  
-0.8 basis points on 2024 
  
325 hrs 
+10% on 2024 
  
28% 
+3 basis points on 2024 
  
20 formats  
flat on 2024 
 
ITV Studios organic revenue includes revenues 
from programmes sold to networks, streaming 
platforms, cable operators and free-to-air 
broadcasters, including M&E. It excludes the 
impact of any acquisitions made during the 
current or prior period and the year-on-year 
movement in foreign exchange. 
Why it’s important 
ITV Studios total organic revenue measures the 
scale and success of our global Studios business.  
Performance 
Total organic revenue was up 1%, with scripted 
deliveries to global streaming platforms and UK 
free-to-air broadcasters offset by a decline in 
internal revenue. 
Organic revenue excludes the impact of a £15 
million unfavourable foreign exchange movement 
and £114 million of acquisitions in the year . 
  ITV Studios margin is calculated on Studios 
total revenue.  
Why it’s important 
This is a key profitability measure used across ITV 
Studios.  
Performance  
ITV Studios adjusted EBITA margin was 13.9% 
(2024: 14.7%). This decline in margin reflects the 
change in revenue mix year-on-year . 2025 had an 
increase in scripted deliveries to global streaming 
platforms which generate higher revenue but at a 
lower margin than catalogue sales. In 2024 
catalogue sales were unusually high due to the 
absence of original commissions as a result of the 
2023 US writers’ and actors’ strike.  
  High-end scripted hours include new commissions 
or returning franchises that have a higher cost per 
hour than continuing drama.  
Why it’s important 
It is an important measure in assessing the 
success of our strategic priority, to grow our 
scripted business. We aim to meet the growing 
global demand for scripted content, particularly 
from streaming platforms.  
Performance 
The number of high-end scripted hours produced 
by ITV Studios increased by 10% to 325 hours in 
2025, driven predominantly by Studios UK and 
Studios International, following a lower volume of 
scripted deliveries to the streaming platforms 
in the prior year .  
  This is the total revenue from streaming platforms 
as a proportion of total Studios revenue. 
Why it’s important 
Over the medium term, the key driver of growth 
in the global content market is expected to be 
from local and global streaming platforms. This 
metric enables us to deliver our strategic priority 
of further diversifying our customer base.  
Performance 
The percentage of ITV Studios total revenue from 
streaming platforms increased to 28%. This was 
driven by scripted and unscripted deliveries in the 
UK and internationally for new and returning 
titles, including The Devil’s Hour for Amazon 
Prime Video, Run Away for Netflix, the part-
delivery of Rivals for Disney+ and The Reluctant 
Traveller for Apple TV+. 
  This includes ITV Studios formats that have been 
sold to three or more countries during the year . 
Spin-offs, such as Love Island Games, are 
considered distinct from the original format (i.e. 
Love Island) for the purpose of this indicator . 
Why it’s important 
ITV Studios is focused on maximising  
the international monetisation of some of the 
world’s most successful travelling entertainment 
formats. A good measure of international success 
is when a format  
is sold in three or more countries.  
Performance 
The number of formats sold in three or more 
countries was flat at 20 and in line with our 2026 
target. Formats that have sold in three or more 
countries include: The Voice, Hell’s Kitchen, The 
Chase and Love Island. 
 
2026 Target 
Grow by 5% on average per annum (from 2021). 
  2026 Target  
Deliver in the 13% to 15% range. 
  2026 Target 
Grow to 400 hours. 
  2026 Target 
Grow to 30% of ITV Studios total revenue. 
  2026 Target 
Grow to 20 formats. 
 
2. Our APMs are defined within the APMs section of this report 
 
  
 
Key Performance Indicators (continued) 
M&E SUPERCHARGE STREAMING 
TOTAL DIGITAL REVENUE3   MONTHLY ACTIVE USERS (MAU)4   TOTAL STREAMING HOURS5   UK SUBSCRIBERS6 
£614m 
+10% on 2024 
  
16.5m  
+12% on 2024 
  
2,304m hrs 
+16% on 2024 
  
0.9m  
-10% on 2024 
Total digital revenue comprises all revenue streams from our 
M&E digital businesses, and is predominantly digital 
advertising.  
Why it’s important 
It is an important measure of the acceleration of our digital 
strategy as we Supercharge Streaming. 
Performance 
Total digital revenue grew 10% to £614 million. The growth was 
driven by digital advertising revenue, which was up 12%.  
Refer to the Operating and Financial Performance Review for 
further details. 
  Monthly active users measures the reach of ITV’s content 
digitally.  
Why it’s important 
Attracting more monthly active users to ITVX is a key strategic 
priority. It increases reach, which is important to attract and 
retain advertisers and contributes to total digital revenue 
growth.  
Performance 
Monthly active users grew 12% to 16.5 million. As with total 
streaming hours, the growth in monthly active users has been 
driven by increased user engagement from the investment we 
have made in the quality and scale of content on ITVX, the 
enhanced product and user experience, and the expanded 
distribution and marketing activity. 
  Total streaming hours measure the total number of hours 
viewers spent watching ITV across all streaming platforms at a 
device level. This includes streaming hours for both ad-funded 
and subscription streaming. 
Why it’s important 
Increasing the time users spend streaming ITV content is a key 
strategic priority. It drives scale, which is important to attract 
and retain advertisers, and contributes to total digital revenue 
growth.  
Performance 
Total streaming hours increased 16% to 2,304 million hours. 
This growth reflects our high-quality content offering, along 
with our investment in ITVX to enhance the product and user 
experience, and to expand our distribution and marketing 
activity. This has helped retain and attract more users, who 
have watched content for longer . 
  UK subscribers are users of ITVX’s premium tier. It includes 
those who pay ITV directly, pay via a third-party (such as 
Amazon Prime Video Channels) or an operator, and free 
trialists.  
Why it’s important 
It is a measure of the monetisation of ITV viewers, who are 
willing to pay for ad-free and additional content.  
With the changing market dynamics, we have prioritised our 
ad-funded proposition over our paid proposition to deliver the 
best return and drive digital revenues. Subscribers as a KPI are 
therefore less important. 
Performance 
Total UK subscribers as of 31 December 2025 was marginally 
down year-on-year . In 2024, we took actions to simplify our 
ITVX Premium offering, which has had a short-term negative 
impact in 2025 on subscriptions and subscription revenue.  
2026 Target 
More than double (compared to 2021) to at least £750 million. 
  2026 Target 
Double (compared to 2021) to 20 million. 
  2026 Target  
Double (compared to 2021) to 2 billion hours. 
  2026 Target 
Double (compared to 2021) to 2.5 billion. 
3. Total digital revenue includes digital advertising revenue and subscription revenue, as well as linear addressable revenue, digital sponsorship and partnership revenue, ITV Win, commission from STV for ITV selling their video-on-demand inventory, social media advertising revenue, and any other revenues from digital 
business ventures which qualify under the definition. Given the nature of digital revenue, it will evolve over time 
4. Given the nature of the market and our strategy to grow digital revenues, we will continue to evolve our measurement approach as new data and methodologies become available, to include users from platforms and services where we serve ITV content where we can reliably and robustly measure and de-duplicate 
such users. To date, total MAUs have captured the average number of identifiable users who accessed our owned and operated ITVX platforms and services each month throughout the period. In 2025, total MAUs also include users accessing our linear channels on devices where we can identify the user, for which 
data is now available. The prior year figure has been restated to reflect this inclusion; it was previously reported as 14.3 million 
5. Given the nature of the market and our strategy to grow digital revenues, we will include viewing hours from platforms and services where we serve ITV content, where we can reliably and robustly measure and de-duplicate such hours. In 2025, streaming hours also include users accessing our IP-delivered content, 
for which data is now available. The prior year figure has been restated to reflect the inclusion of these hours; it was previously reported as 1,686 million 
6. Prior to the closure in 2024, it also included subscribers to the BritBox UK service on Amazon Prime Video Channels along with the BritBox UK standalone app 
  
 
Key Performance Indicators (continued) 
M&E OPTIMISE BROADCAST 
SHARE OF TOP 1,000 COMMERCIAL BROADCAST  
TV PROGRAMMES7 
  SHARE OF COMMERCIAL VIEWING8 
91%  
-1 basis points on 2024 
  
31.7% 
-0.5 basis points on 2024 
The share of top 1,000 commercial broadcast TV programmes is measured by BARB based on viewing figures.  
Why it’s important 
Maintaining our strength in delivering mass commercial linear TV audiences enables ITV to attract and retain advertisers and 
command a premium from them.  
Performance 
Our 2025 share was 91%, which was down marginally by 1% point year-on-year . A strong slate of new dramas, including Playing 
Nice, I Fought The Law and Protection, alongside entertainment shows, such as Love Island and I’m A Celebrity...Get Me Out Of 
Here! and sport, including the Women’s Euros and Men’s Football World Cup Qualifiers, helped maintain ITV’s strong commercial 
mass proposition.  
  Share of commercial viewing is the total viewing of audiences over the period achieved by ITV’s family of channels as a proportion 
of all ad-supported commercial broadcaster viewing in the UK.  
Why it’s important 
Maintaining ITV’s number one position in the UK broadcast market is important for us to attract and retain advertisers, and is vital 
to maximising advertising revenues.  
Performance 
Our share of commercial viewing decreased marginally by 0.5% points to 31.7%. ITV continues to have the largest share of 
commercial viewing versus our commercial competitors. 
2026 Target 
Maintain a share of at least 80%. 
  2026 Target 
Maintain at 33%. 
7. The share of top 1,000 commercial broadcast TV programmes is measured by BARB based on viewing figures. This includes TV viewing from transmission and seven days post-transmission on catch up, as well as six weeks prior to the transmission window. It excludes programmes with a duration of <ten minutes. This 
metric is calculated as a 12-month rolling average to normalise seasonal scheduling 
8. Share of commercial viewing is the total viewing of audiences over the period achieved by ITV’s family of channels as a proportion of all ad-supported commercial broadcaster viewing in the UK. ITV Family includes ITV, ITV2, ITV3, ITV4, ITV Quiz (which was previously ITVBe), and associated ‘HD’ and ‘+1’ channels  
 
 
 
Operating and Financial Performance Review 
ITV delivered a good performance in 2025, ahead of current market expectations, against a challenging market backdrop. Both ITV Studios and M&E 
performed well, reflecting the significant strategic transformation the business has delivered. 
 
Key financials 
Group external revenue 
£3,511m 
+1% vs 2024 
 Total ITV Studios revenue 
£2,130m 
+5% vs 2024 
   
Total digital revenue 
£614m 
+10% vs 2024 
 Group adjusted EBITA 
£534m 
-1% vs 2024 
   
Statutory operating proﬁt 
£363m 
+14% vs 2024 
 Adjusted EPS 
8.5p 
-11% vs 2024 
   
Statutory EPS 
5.9p 
-43% vs 2024 
 Net debt 
£566m 
31 Dec 2024: £431m 
 
  
 
Operating and Financial Performance Review (continued) 
 
FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS     
Twelve months to 31 December 
2025 
£m 
2024 
£m 
Change 
£m 
Change 
% 
ITV Studios2 2,130 2,038 92 5 
M&E 1,991 2,102 (111) (5) 
Total Revenue 4,121 4,140 (19) - 
Internal revenue3 (610) (652) 42 6 
Total External Revenue 3,511 3,488 23 1 
Total non-advertising revenue 2,398 2,320 78 3 
ITV Studios adjusted EBITA2 297 299 (2) (1) 
M&E adjusted EBITA 234 250 (16) (6) 
Adjusted EBITA 531 549 (18) (3) 
Unrealised profit in stock adjustment 3 (7) 10 143 
Group adjusted EBITA4 534 542 (8) (1) 
Group adjusted EBITA margin 15.2% 15.5% – (0.3)% pts 
Statutory operating profit 363 318 45 14 
Adjusted EPS (p) 8.5p 9.6p (1.1)p (11) 
Statutory EPS (p) 5.9p 10.4p (4.5)p (43) 
Net Debt at 31 December (566)  (431) (135) (31) 
Leverage 1.0x 0.7x – – 
1.  We measure performance through a range of metrics, particularly through our APMs and KPIs, as well as statutory results, all of which are set out and defined in the APMs and KPIs section  
2.  Total ITV Studios revenue includes £89 million (31 December 2024: £106 million) of intra-segment revenue derived from trading between Global Partnerships and ITV Studios productions  
3. Internal revenue originates mainly in the UK and includes trading between ITV Studios and M&E, and Global Partnerships and ITV Studios productions  
4. Refer to APMs for key adjustments to EBITA and adjusted EBITA 
 
Group financial overview1  
Total revenue was flat, with growth in ITV Studios offset by a decline in total advertising revenue (TAR). This reflects the strong advertising period in 2024 from the Men’s Euros, and the impact of macroeconomic uncertainty on advertiser 
demand in the lead-up to the UK budget in Q4 2025. Total Group external revenue was up 1%, with strong growth in ITV Studios external revenue. Group adjusted EBITA declined by only 1%, with the decrease in TAR partially mitigated by 
cost savings achieved across the Group. 
ITV Studios delivered good total revenue growth up 5%, which was ahead of the global content market, leveraging its world-class talent, global scale and diversification, and unique IP library. External revenue grew 10%, driven by 
significant deliveries to global streaming platforms. As expected, ITV Studios adjusted EBITA decreased by 1%, with the margin reducing by 0.8% points to 13.9%, reflecting the change in revenue mix year-on-ye a r. 
In M&E, total revenue declined by 5%, driven by TAR which was down 5% (vs guidance of -6%). ITVX maintained its strong performance with digital viewing up 16% and digital advertising revenues up 12%. M&E adjusted EBITA decreased 
by 6%, reflecting the decline in TAR, partially offset by a combination of lower content costs and the delivery of significant permanent and temporary cost savings.  
 
Operating and Financial Performance Review (continued) 
 
We continue to transform and restructure our operations in response to our evolving media landscape and to best reflect viewer dynamics. Through our strategic cost programme, we are reshaping our cost base, enhancing profitability 
and investing in the growth drivers of ITV Studios and Streaming. In 2025, we delivered £50 million of incremental in-year cost savings across the Group, which was ahead of our previous guidance of £45 million. These savings have come 
from across the business, including technology and operational efficiencies and organisational redesign. The one-off cost to deliver our permanent savings was £43 million. £13 million of annualised transmission efficiencies were also 
delivered from our previous £150 million cost savings programme. 
In addition to the permanent cost savings, we also delivered £15 million of temporary cost savings in M&E, which we announced in November 2025 to proactively align our cost base with the softer advertiser demand seen in Q4. These 
savings primarily came from reduced discretionary spend, the rephasing of marketing spend and marketing efficiencies. 
Unrealised profit in stock was a £3 million credit (2024: £7 million debit), with the year-on-year movement reflecting the release of profit from internally supplied content utilised in the year, alongside lower volumes of ITV Studios content 
held in M&E. 
Total operating exceptional items were £107 million (2024: £65 million), which was marginally higher than guidance of £100 million. This total primarily included £69 million of restructuring and transformation costs and £38 million of 
corporate transaction-related expenses, which are performance-based, employment-linked consideration to former owners and professional fees related to completed corporate transactions and potential corporate transactions. Further 
details on total exceptional items are provided in the Finance Review and section 2.2 of the notes to the Financial Information. 
Adjusted financing costs increased in the year to £43 million (2024: £25 million) and statutory net financing costs were £25 million (2024: nil). Both measures were impacted by cash-related net financing costs, which included realised 
foreign exchange losses and lower interest on deposits compared to the prior year.  
Adjusted profit before tax decreased by 5% to £448 million (2024: £472 million). Statutory profit before tax decreased by 35% to £338 million (2024: £521 million) with the prior year benefiting from the profit on the sale of BritBox 
International, which was sold to the BBC for £255 million, with a profit on disposal of £194 million (pre-tax).  
The adjusted effective tax rate (ETR) was 27.7% (2024: 20.8%) and the statutory ETR was 33.4% (2024: 22.1%), with the higher year-on-year tax rates impacted by overseas taxes. The statutory ETR also included non-deductible exceptional 
expenses of £40 million which were disallowed for tax purposes, resulting in no associated tax credit.  
Adjusted EPS for the year was 8.5p (2024: 9.6p), with statutory EPS decreasing from 10.4p to 5.9p. See the Finance Review for further details on movements in our adjusted and statutory results. 
Our profit to cash conversion was 65% (31 December 2024: 83%), with free cash flow of £187 million (31 December 2024: £325 million).  
ITV has a robust balance sheet with net debt of £566 million (31 December 2024: £431 million) and a net debt to adjusted EBITDA of 1.0x (2024: 0.7x). The year-on-year increase reflects a lower cash balance following the completion of 
the 2024 share buyback programme and a higher working capital outflow in the year. 
We have good access to liquidity. At 31 December 2025, we had cash and committed undrawn facilities totalling £1,327 million (31 December 2024: £1,377 million), which included total cash of £302 million (31 December 2024: £427 
million). 
During 2025, we extended the maturity profile of ITV’s debt through the issuance of a £300 million term loan facility (maturing in 2029). The proceeds will be used to refinance our €360 million bond when it becomes due in September 
2026. 
We have a clear capital allocation policy, and our priorities remain unchanged (see the Finance Review for further details). 
In line with ITV’s dividend policy, the Board is proposing a final dividend of 3.3p (2024: 3.3p), giving a full year ordinary dividend of 5.0p per share for 2025 (2024: 5.0p).  
We are focused on delivering continued strategic progress, driving profitable growth and strong cash generation, underpinned by our unwavering value creation strategy. 
A range of downside scenarios reflecting ITV’s principal risks has been modelled and considered in the assessment of ITV’s long-term viability. Refer to the Long-term Viability Statement Disclosure for further details. 
  
 
Operating and Financial Performance Review (continued) 
ITV STUDIOS 
ITV Studios is a scaled global creator, owner and distributor of high-quality TV content, producing some of the world’s most successful shows. It operates in 
13 countries, across 60+ labels and is diversified by genre, geography and customer in the key creative markets around the world. 
It benefits significantly from its global scale in a large and fragmented market, being the largest producer in the UK, one of the world’s largest studio groups, and a key player in the markets in which it operates. ITV Studios is a trusted 
supplier and has well-established relationships with major content buyers and leading creative talent. With a high-quality content library of over 100,000 hours and a digital distribution network through Zoo 55, its digital label, it is also 
one of the pre-eminent global distributors of content. 
The global content market is large and attractive, defined by a diverse mix of content and customers in a highly competitive landscape. It was estimated to be c.$235 billion1 in 2025, growing 1% year-on-year. While overall market growth 
has slowed compared to historical levels, we expect continued growth in key segments in which ITV Studios is well-positioned, including content licensing (particularly digital and FAST channels), as well as sustained demand from 
streaming platforms for scripted and unscripted content. The highly fragmented nature of the content market means that ITV Studios remains relatively small compared to the total addressable market, presenting a significant opportunity 
to capture further market share. By leveraging its key competitive advantages and value drivers – world-class talent, global scale, and unique IP library – underpinned by a culture of cost discipline, the business is well-positioned to 
continue to grow ahead of the market and deliver attractive margins. 
 
2025 – ITV STUDIOS HIGHLIGHTS 
Production Group of the Year 
2025 Edinburgh TV Festival  
 Biggest new unscripted launch in 2025  
Destination X for the BBC in the UK 
Three awards at the International Emmys  
Best Drama – Rivals, Best Comedy – Ludwig, Lead Actress – Anna Maxwell-Martin in Until I Kill You  
 Biggest entertainment launch of 2025  
S25 of I’m A Celebrity…Get Me Out Of Here! for ITV in the UK  
47 billion+ global views for ITV Studios content 
Zoo 55 portfolio across all local and owned and operated channels and platforms 
 Most-watched streaming original TV season in the US 
Love Island USA S7 for Peacock (Source: Luminate) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
1.  Source: Ampere Analysis: Feb 2026 – excluding spend from film studios 
 
Operating and Financial Performance Review (continued) 
EXPAND STUDIOS 
ITV Studios strategy  
ITV Studios’ ambition is to be a leading force in the creation and ownership of IP , global content production and distribution. We are achieving this by focusing on our four strategic priorities to drive revenue and profit growth: 
 Growing our scripted business to meet the growth in global demand  
 Growing our global formats business to maximise the monetisation of high-value formats 
 Diversifying our customer base to capture the growth in content spend from local and global streaming platforms 
 Attracting and retaining leading creative talent 
Our priorities are underpinned by KPIs and targets which reflect the key drivers of growth and value. 
Refer to the CEO Statement and KPIs section for more details on our KPIs, why they are important, and how they enable us to deliver value. 
Growing our scripted business 
Scripted content plays a key role in attracting and retaining viewers and subscribers across both free-to-air and streaming platforms. This, coupled with the proliferation of streaming platforms, has driven a global increase in original 
scripted commissions in recent years. With ITV Studios’ global production presence, strong track record for delivering high-quality scripted content, and an expansive scripted library, it is well-positioned to meet this ongoing demand and, 
importantly, grow its market share. 
ITV has a portfolio of scripted labels in the UK, US and internationally, which creates and produces high-quality content with global appeal for both pay TV and free-to-air (FTA) broadcasters and streaming platforms.  
We continue to see good momentum in our scripted pipeline into 2026 and beyond, with many scripted titles that performed well on their respective platforms being recommissioned.  
This includes Rivals for Disney+, The Gentlemen for Netflix, Code of Silence for ITV and Line of Duty and Ludwig for the BBC.  
In 2025, ITV Studios’ high-end scripted hours increased by 10% year-on-year to 325 hours (2024: 296 hours), driven by Studios UK and Studios International, following a lower volume of scripted deliveries to the streaming platforms in the 
prior year due to the phasing of productions. 
Growing our Global Formats business 
Unscripted content is also important to ITV Studios. Through its Global Partnerships business, ITV Studios monetises its portfolio of some of the world’s most successful entertainment formats and maximises commercial opportunities 
from its brands. The key focus is on driving growth by monetising existing high-value formats and supporting the creation of new global formats. 
ITV Studios’ portfolio of world-class brands includes established formats, such as The Voice (the biggest entertainment show in the world with over 150 adaptations), Love Island (in 28 markets), The Chase (in 22 countries), and Come Dine 
With Me (in 50 countries, with over 20,000 episodes worldwide). These formats and spin-offs continue to sell in new territories and attract mass audiences for our clients. They are highly sought after by both broadcasters and streaming 
platforms, offering cost-effective content with a proven audience success. ITV Studios also has several new formats with the potential to be global hits. These include Nobody’s Fool, The Neighbourhood, and Celebrity Sabotage.  
During the year, Global Partnerships sold 60 unique formats globally (2024: 65), 20 of which were sold to three or more countries (2024: 20).  
Further diversifying our customer base  
ITV Studios has strong relationships with all the key buyers globally. The demand from streaming platforms for scripted and unscripted content has provided ITV Studios with a significant opportunity to further diversify its customer base 
and grow its overall market share. Between 2021 and 2025, ITV Studios has grown its scripted and unscripted revenues from streaming platforms by 21% CAGR and 43% CAGR respectively, which is ahead of market growth of around 10% 
for both genres1. 
In 2025, the percentage of ITV Studios’ total revenues from streaming platforms increased by three percentage points to 28% (2024: 25%). This was driven by scripted and unscripted deliveries in the UK and US for new and returning 
titles. See the financial performance section for further details. 
ITV Studios has a strong creative pipeline of scripted and unscripted titles for streaming platforms in the UK, US, and internationally, reflecting the trust in ITV Studios’ creativity, the strength of its ideas, and the proven success of its 
content with audiences. Upcoming titles include: So Far Gone and Squid Game: The Challenge S3 for Netflix, and Love Island USA S8 for Peacock.  
 
 
1.  Source: Ampere Analysis: Feb 2026 – excluding spend from film studios 
 
Operating and Financial Performance Review (continued) 
Digital Studio – Zoo 55 
ITV Studios’ Global Partnerships business leverages its unique content library of over 100,000 hours of scripted and unscripted content to maximise the value of its IP . In early 2025, ITV Studios launched Zoo 55, a new digital label designed 
to drive high-margin growth from the global digital distribution market. Zoo 55 enables ITV Studios to expand the reach of both its long and short-form content across a broader range of platforms, engaging wider global audiences within 
this fast-growing segment of the content market. Zoo 55 distributes ITV Studios IP across three areas: 
 Social Video: Operates over 200 owned and operated channels (across platforms like YouTube, Meta and TikTok), with new partnerships in 2025 with Spotify and Merzigo, to further support growth and expand reach. Engagement has 
accelerated in 2025, with over 24 billion views globally, up 40% year-on-year 
 FAST & AVOD: Operates 28 channels across 24 platforms in over 40 countries. With over 310 channel streams on services such as Tubi, Pluto and Xumo. In 2025, this included the launch of a new live ITVX FAST channel with the Space 
Exploration Network. Viewing across FAST and AVOD grew 28% year-on-year 
 Games & Gaming: Manages 40 games live on multiple platforms, where we license our IP to third-party game producers, e.g. Love Island, The Chase, Coronation Street. The Love Island Game was the eighth most downloaded mobile 
game in the US in the summer of 2025 
Overall in 2025, Zoo 55 generated over 47 billion global views, up over 30% year-on-year, driving double-digit revenue growth.  
Zoo 55 leverages digital innovation to optimise content delivery. By automating subtitling and the content clipping for social platforms, it reaches global audiences more effectively and efficiently.  
In February 2026, ITV Studios launched Studio 55, a global brand partnership studio connecting brands, marketing agencies and content creators with ITV Studios’ world-class portfolio of IP to further maximise value. The studio operates 
across two core pillars — brand licensing and the co-creation of digital-first formats. 
This expansion of our brand partnerships business – alongside the launch of further channels and games in to more territories – ensures Zoo 55 remains on track to deliver c.£120 million in revenue by the end of 2027 (this is not included 
in the digital revenue target within M&E). 
Attracting and retaining leading talent 
A key part of ITV Studios’ investment strategy and its success is its ability to attract and retain the best creative talent through talent deals and strategic acquisitions. ITV Studios offers talent a unique combination of creative independence, 
an entrepreneurial culture, a label structure, and the resources of a global studio business. 
ITV Studios has successfully established a number of new labels through recent talent deals, delivering an impressive slate of programmes with many more commissions in development.  
Recent and upcoming programmes include: Run Away, After the Flood and The Guest from Quay Street Productions; Adultery from Poison Pen Studios; and Number 10 from Hartswood Films. This strong pipeline demonstrates ITV 
Studios’ commitment and success in nurturing top creative talent to produce engaging, high-quality content. 
ITV Studios continuously manages its portfolio of labels to strengthen its creativity. During the year, ITV Studios acquired Moonage Pictures, a UK-based independent scripted producer of titles such as The Gentlemen (for Netflix) and A 
Good Girl’s Guide to Murder (for Netflix and the BBC). In addition, ITV Studios added a leading Spanish scripted producer, Plano a Plano, to their portfolio, with titles including Valeria (for Netflix) and Suspicious Minds (for Disney+). 
  
 
Operating and Financial Performance Review (continued) 
ITV STUDIOS FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE 
Twelve months to 31 December 
2025 
£m 
2024 
£m 
Change 
£m 
Change 
% 
Organic 
Change1 % 
ITV Studios UK 989 868 121 14 4 
ITV Studios US 310 391 (81) (21) (18) 
ITV Studios International 434 380 54 14 11 
Global Partnerships 397 399 (2) (1) 2 
Total ITV Studios revenue2 2,130 2,038 92 5 1 
Total ITV Studios costs (1,833) (1,739) (94) (5) – 
Total ITV Studios adjusted EBITA1 297 299 (2) (1) – 
ITV Studios adjusted EBITA margin 13.9% 14.7% – (0.8)% pts – 
 
Twelve months to 31 December 
2025 
£m 
2024 
£m 
Change 
£m 
Change 
% 
Internal revenue3 605 646 (41) (6) 
External revenue 1,525 1,392 133 10 
Total ITV Studios revenue 2,130 2,038 92 5 
 
Twelve months to 31 December 
2025 
£m 
2024 
£m 
Change 
£m 
Change 
% 
Scripted4 685 621 64 10 
Unscripted 1,101 1,054 47 4 
Core ITV5 and Other 344 363 (19) (5) 
Total ITV Studios revenue 2,130 2,038 92 5 
1. Refer to Alternative Performance Measures for organic revenue definition and key adjustments to EBITA and adjusted EBITA 
2. Total ITV Studios revenue includes £89 million (31 December 2024: £106 million) of intra-segment revenue derived from trading between Global Partnerships and ITV Studios productions  
3. Internal revenue originates mainly in the UK and includes trading between ITV Studios and M&E, and Global Partnerships and ITV Studios productions 
4. Includes high-end scripted and other scripted revenues 
5. Core ITV includes the Soaps and Daytime shows produced by ITV Studios for ITV1, along with sports production for ITV linear TV channels 
  
 
Operating and Financial Performance Review (continued) 
 
ITV Studios saw good total revenue growth of 5% in 2025, ahead of the market, with external revenue up 10%, reflecting strong demand from global streaming platforms. Internal revenue declined by 6% due in part to the absence of 
programming such as Saturday Night Takeaway, and sports production revenue from the 2024 Men’s Euros. 
Total organic revenue at constant currency was up 1%, adjusting for acquisitions and a £15 million unfavourable foreign exchange impact.  
Reflecting our global presence, 59% of ITV Studios’ revenue was generated from clients outside the UK (2024: 59%).  
ITV Studios adjusted EBITA decreased by 1% year-on-year, with an adjusted EBITA margin of 13.9%. The lower margin reflects the change in revenue mix year-on-year as previously guided, with 2024 revenues including significantly high-
value library sales due to the absence of original commissions following the US actors’ and writers’ strike. During 2025, ITV Studios delivered £31 million of permanent cost savings from production efficiencies and organisational redesign. 
There was a £5 million unfavourable impact from foreign exchange on adjusted EBITA in the year. 
ITV Studios continues to explore ways to drive efficiencies, create flexibility and improve margins over the medium term. This includes rationalising our property footprint, using technology and data to drive cost and revenue efficiencies, 
utilising our production hubs for our key global formats. We are taking further steps to digitise our production processes, as well as using remote editing more routinely and, where possible, the operational use of AI to support creativity 
and optimise production processes.  
ITV Studios UK 
Studios UK produces a diverse range of new and established scripted and unscripted titles for global streaming platforms and FTA broadcasters.  
In 2025, ITV Studios UK revenue increased by 14% to £989 million (2024: £868 million). The growth was driven by significant scripted titles, particularly for streaming platforms. Deliveries included The Devil’s Hour for Amazon Prime Video, 
Run Away for Netflix, the part-delivery of Rivals for Disney+, The Reluctant Traveller for Apple TV+, Frauds for ITV and The Guest for the BBC. On an organic basis, which excludes the impact of acquisitions in the current or prior period, 
revenue was up 4%.  
ITV Studios US 
ITV Studios US produces scripted and unscripted content for all major US networks, cable channels, and streaming platforms. To better align with evolving market dynamics, during the year, we brought our US scripted and unscripted 
businesses under single leadership. This strengthens our creative agility, creates synergies and operational efficiencies, and provides a robust platform to drive future growth in the US market. 
In 2025, ITV Studios US revenue decreased 21% to £310 million (2024: £391 million). While the year benefited from content such as The Voice US for NBC, Love Island USA for Peacock, and One Piece for Netflix, performance was impacted 
by the phasing of deliveries and some short term softness in the US market.   
Going into 2026, ITV Studios US has good momentum, with a robust pipeline of scripted and unscripted content for both new and returning titles, along with a diversified development slate with all the major streaming platforms.  
ITV Studios International  
ITV Studios International produces original scripted and unscripted content across our non-UK and non-US production bases.  
Growing ou

[truncated]