BETA Close X ITV plc has made its Annual Report and Accounts for the year ended 31 December 2025 and the Notice of its 2026 Annual General Meeting available to shareholders. These documents, which include the Directors' Responsibility statement, follow the preliminary announcement of annual results issued on 5 March 2026. The 2025 Impact Report, now incorporating the Company's Pay Gap Report, is also accessible on the company's website. The AGM is scheduled for Thursday, 7 May 2026, at 11:00 a.m. in London, with online voting options provided. Disclaimer* ITV PLC 23 March 2026 ITV plc (the "Company") Annual Report and Accounts and Notice of Annual General Meeting Annual Report and Accounts ITV released its Preliminary Announcement of annual results for the year ended 31 December 2025 on 5 March 2026. Further to the Preliminary Announcement, the Annual Report and Accounts 2025 (Annual Report) and Notice of Annual General Meeting 2026 (AGM) is now available to shareholders. The Annual Report is available on the Company's website at www.itvplc.com with the Notice of AGM and Form of Proxy at www.itvplc.com/investors/shareholder-information/AGM . All of the material required to be communicated to the media in unedited full text through a Regulatory Information Service under DTR 6.3.5(1A) was in the Preliminary Announcement issued on 5 March 2026 (other than the Directors' Responsibility statement, which is set out in the Appendix). This material is not a substitute for reading the Annual Report in full. AGM The Company's 2026 AGM will be held at 11.00 a.m. on Thursday 7 May 2026 in The Maynard Theatre, at The King's Fund, No. 11 Cavendish Square, London W1G 0AN. Shareholders can vote online at www.myitvshares.com . National Storage Mechanism In compliance with LR 9.6.3, the following documents have been submitted to the National Storage Mechanism and will shortly be available for inspection at: https://data.fca.org.uk/#/nsm/nationalstoragemechanism . · Annual Report 2025 · Notice of 2026 AGM · Form of Proxy for 2026 AGM 2025 Impact Report The 2025 Impact Report, which now includes the Company's Pay Gap Report, is also now available on our website at: https://www.itvplc.com/social-purpose . For further enquiries please contact: Investor Relations Pippa Foulds +44 7778 031097 Faye Dipnarine +44 20 7157 6581 Media Relations Paul Moore +44 7860 794444 Laura Wootton +44 7917 862293 LEI for ITV plc - ZLECI7ED2QMWFGYCXZ59 Appendix This material should also be read in conjunction with, and is not a substitute for reading, the full 2025 Annual Report and Accounts. Page references in the text of this Appendix refer to page numbers in the Annual Report 2025 that can be viewed on the Company's website. Statement of Directors' Responsibilities in respect of the financial statements The following responsibility statement is repeated here to comply with DTR 6.3.5. This statement relates to, and is extracted from, page 118 of the Annual Report 2025. Responsibility is for the full 2025 Annual Report and Accounts, not the extracted information presented in this announcement and the full year results announcement. The Directors are responsible for preparing the Annual Report and Accounts 2025 and the financial statements in accordance with applicable law and regulation. Company law requires the Directors to prepare financial statements for each financial year. Under that law the Directors have prepared the Group financial statements in accordance with UK-adopted international accounting standards and the Company financial statements in accordance with United Kingdom Generally Accepted Accounting Practice (United Kingdom Accounting Standards, comprising FRS 101 'Reduced Disclosure Framework', and applicable law). Under company law, directors must not approve the financial statements unless they are satisfied that they give a true and fair view of the state of affairs of the group and company and of the profit or loss of the group for that period. In preparing the financial statements, the Directors are required to: · select suitable accounting policies and then apply them consistently; · state whether applicable UK-adopted international accounting standards have been followed for the group financial statements and United Kingdom Accounting Standards, comprising FRS 101 have been followed for the company financial statements, subject to any material departures disclosed and explained in the financial statements; · make judgements and accounting estimates that are reasonable and prudent; and · prepare the financial statements on the going concern basis unless it is inappropriate to presume that the Group and Company will continue in business. The Directors are responsible for safeguarding the assets of the group and company and hence for taking reasonable steps for the prevention and detection of fraud and other irregularities. The Directors are also responsible for keeping adequate accounting records that are sufficient to show and explain the Group's and Company's transactions and disclose with reasonable accuracy at any time the financial position of the Group and Company and enable them to ensure that the financial statements and the Directors' Remuneration Report comply with the Companies Act 2006. The Directors are responsible for the maintenance and integrity of the Company's website. Legislation in the United Kingdom governing the preparation and dissemination of financial statements may differ from legislation in other jurisdictions. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies ITV (ITV) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 minute ago Greggs 3 minutes ago Greggs 40 minutes ago Fuller Smith & Turner 55 minutes ago CLS Holdings 55 minutes ago Rolls-Royce Holdings All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and