Director/PDMR Shareholding ITV PLC 14 April 2025 ITV plc ("the Company") Director/PDMR Shareholding 14 April 2025 ITV plc ('the Company') announces that a PDMR has acquired shares in the Company. The notification below is made in accordance with the requirements of the UK Market Abuse Regulation, and gives details of the transaction. For further details, please contact: Investor Relations Pippa Foulds +44 7778 031097 Faye Dipnarine +44 20 7157 6581 Media Relations Paul Moore +44 7860 794444 Laura Wootton +44 7917 862293 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities/person closely associated a) Name Sharmila Nebhrajani 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/status Non-executive Director b) Initial notification/Amendment Initial notification 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name ITV plc b) LEI ZLECI7ED2QMWFGYCXZ59 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Identification code Ordinary shares of 10 pence ISIN: GB0033986497 b) Nature of the transaction Purchase of shares c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) 66.686 pence 11,930 d) Aggregated information - Aggregated volume - Price n/a (single transaction) e) Date of the transaction 11 April 2025 f) Place of the transaction London Stock Exchange, Main Market (XLON) This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies ITV (ITV) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 13 minutes ago Domino's Pizza Group 14 minutes ago Domino's Pizza Group 16 minutes ago BAE Systems 44 minutes ago Foresight Group Holdings Limited NPV 44 minutes ago GSK All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and