BETA Close X ITV plc announced a change in its Audit and Risk Committee leadership, with Non-Executive Director Margaret Ewing stepping down as Chair on March 5, 2026, though she will remain on the committee and in her other board roles. Dawn Allen, who joined the Board on October 2, 2023, and has been a committee member since, will succeed Ewing as Chair. Allen brings over 30 years of financial experience as a chartered accountant and currently serves as chief financial officer of Haleon plc. Disclaimer* ITV PLC 21 January 2026 ITV plc ("the Company") Change in particulars of Director 21 January 2026 ITV plc announces that Non-Executive Director Margaret Ewing will step down as Chair of the Audit and Risk Committee (the Committee) on 5 March 2026. She will continue as a member of the Committee and in her other Board roles. Dawn Allen will succeed Margaret as Chair of the Committee on 5 March 2026. Dawn joined the Board on 2 October 2023 as a Non-Executive Director and has been a member of the Committee since her appointment. Dawn is a chartered accountant with over 30 years of financial experience and is currently chief financial officer of Haleon plc. For further details, please contact: Investor Relations Pippa Foulds Faye Dipnarine +44 7778 031097 +44 20 7157 6581 Media Relations Paul Moore Laura Wootton +44 7860 794444 +44 7917 862293 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies ITV (ITV) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 hour ago Liontrust Asset Management 1 hour ago Bay Capital 1 hour ago IG Group Holdings 1 hour ago Diversified Energy Company 14 hours ago Greggs All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and