Directorate Change ITV PLC 14 April 2025 ITV plc ("the Company") Director Appointment 14 April 2025 The Company is pleased to announce that Helen Ashton has been appointed to the ITV plc Board as an independent Non-executive Director with effect from 13 May 2025. On appointment Helen will also become a member of the Audit and Risk Committee. Helen has over 30 years of experience of working in public and private equity backed businesses and is a qualified Chartered Management Accountant. A former CFO of ASOS plc, Helen also held executive level roles in ASDA, Barclaycard and Lloyds Banking Group. She brings broad global business and transformational expertise along with extensive knowledge of high growth digital and retail. Helen is a Non-Executive Director, Chair of the Audit and Risk Committee and member of the Remuneration Committee at JD Sports Fashion plc and a Non-Executive Director, Chair of the Audit Committee and member of the Remuneration Committee at Entain plc. Andrew Cosslett, ITV's Chair, said: "Helen has extensive financial, digital and retail experience which will further strengthen the diverse mix of expertise and experience on the ITV Board. On behalf of the Board, I am delighted to welcome Helen to ITV." Helen Ashton commented: "This is an exciting time to be joining ITV as it navigates the rapidly changing media landscape, whilst transforming and maintaining its leadership position in production, broadcasting and streaming. I look forward to working with the Board and executive team as the company's strategic transformation continues to gain momentum. In relation to Helen's appointment, no information is required to be disclosed pursuant to Listing Rule 9.6.13R. ENDS Investor Relations Pippa Foulds +44 7778 031097 Faye Dipnarine Media Relations Paul Moore Laura Wootton +44 20 7157 6581 +44 7860 794444 +44 7917 862293 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies ITV (ITV) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 4 hours ago Greggs 4 hours ago Greggs 4 hours ago Fuller Smith & Turner 5 hours ago CLS Holdings 5 hours ago Rolls-Royce Holdings All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and