Cun punpaca ts Metdng What Meiers,

4 entertaining arid conmsctting with srilltoms
: ' efpsopite Inthe UK and gtetilly, rettacting
; fo} & | and shaping culture ard duttding brands
ta ° ‘with Griltark content ernd exeettiigy,
‘are ? | Qurvisiom|s to be a leader tn UK advertiser
i stereareing are 2 Ghvarstited ard
| Spaniel fore contr
- a : | eunrVbbaapocad wophaieen
wi coer : is —
=o | Seaburn y Be ply
=
3
as
37 Tinoncmamsatorescas
Making Wiha
——
5 \ ( a) expand]
mf I>
- \\CU ) | Supercharge
\ ANY
Opie
Bronochsy
ompneartonrestpatinnt |
\conpansenivimartcare ee
7

{7p Anu Rpet ond decom 208 strategic neport Governance Financia statements ri
202s HIGHLIGHTS Contents , FORTHERREADING
. strategie Report Governance
Key Financials KeyFancils 1 Chairs Governance Staterent ss
Anintroducton to iTWandis 2 BoardofOrectors 51
Grovpexternalrevenue __—Statutoryoperatingprofit- | Business Mode, Shoop Deeatve Comme a
Investor Proposition 4 Corporate Governance Gi
£3,511m £363m Chairs Statement 3 Stakeholder Engagement ca
13% (2024:£5,480m) 414%4(2026.€310m MarketRevew & andDecison Making
Chit Executives Statament 7 Engaging wit Ou workorce
TotaltTVStudlosrevenue Cost savings CooL. strategy) Valesin action
Key Performance indicators 12 Board Performance Review ‘Read our Social Purpose impact Report at:
£2,130m £63m opmningancFraria 35 Romhsieeeneempot er © wwmiicconmceapuryene
154 (2028: €2 038m) 2024: €60m) PefomanceRevew Fc amcecommiticeRepot es ©) ReadourPay Gapneportat. www
( » c » Secale 7m Audtandniskcommiteenepot ea © sedou force ner soveranee
Socelpupose 28 ernuneration Report ag —_<emaboutvcorprate-governanct
Total digitatrevenue Netdebt Qu People —____3? rectors Report 314 © Wemainainacorporatewebsite
‘ternative Performance Measures 53 S4GCIO8 Report ___3i8" conranngow nani ret anda wide
£614m £566m Franceievew38‘iancia Statements ‘cogeottoratone tenth
Non-FinancalandSustanabiity 42 FhancialStatements___—_——_339_pivatelnvestons won yptcam
*10% (2026 £556m) (2028:¢651m) Information Statement Independent Auditors Repor 720
FisksandUncertantesDacionure 43 Primary Statements 226
Group adjusted EBITA Profit to cash conversion Climate-Related Financial Disclosures 48 Notes to the Financial Statements 131
Long-term iaity 52 lTVpleCompany Financial tatements_1m1
£534m 65% Statementoiclosue Subsidiary Undertakings and 780
“3% (2028: £542m) (2028:83%) irvestments

Adjusted EPS

8.5p

-1114 (2028: 9.65)

Statutory EPS.

5.9p

-43% (2024: 10.49)

(2024:0.79)

Dividend

5.0p

(2024: 5.09)

StrategieRepor
‘Thestrtepie Reports orparedinine wih be
‘relevant oronaol he Comparies Set 2008
‘Comoanyhasharegarato tne podorcetssuedby
| Seterondetnagahe conga sponta
Forward-looking statements

‘Mes ara Report contaracerainstatements
Uhatreormoybeorearcookng statements
Word chases epect an oct.
intend there others andthe sir
‘eats orenended to ent Showa eos
| Hatements These fonae tooling statements are
| etorergantcostedarveaomen andere:

Looe

‘Additional information,
Glossary 195

attectng TV AovgriT bales atthe
oetstorsreecteatese ne ot
‘otomansarresorbie can grenoassance at
‘erate orwardenuingstatementsineerak
“heya natnistreaats nora ype
the peromanestsreausroy tte.
‘rateraty om oseprereosr mpeg yess
‘ornra oungattements The ae arumbor ot
deeopmenstocitermateray fom hos exgrciee
ormoledy sch onardoongstatemerts eh
{tctorsrctasesutrenoirvnsta ose cuatede
Forwara-looungstatemantsageakontyazot ede
{eyare mage ore, excetostequreaby septic
lawormguston Mvundartakes ra obtgatonto

ubtyundateorrevie ny orard-oking
otementswhetnerata rest newts,
sould beconstuedasa prt orcas,

Altemative performance measures
\weusebornstatutoy andecustedmessies
InovrStatege Report Toate nthe Gore
ramanagerentsviewrelets thundering
Imesningucomparsonet he busness
tmaragedandmessreay 0-007 SAA
‘ection between or tattoryan adie
IMeneore econ Ours wncharebacecon
cutosmerredaresetotintne KP eacton

tide

An Introduction to ITV and its Business Model

ITV is a producer, streamer and broadcaster, consisting
of ITV Studios and Media & Entertainment (M&E).

ITV TOTAL REVENUE*
ervstudios 12,130m (2024 €2058m)
eae 11,991m (2024 £23020)

ITV GROUP ADJUSTED EBITA®

eirv studios 207m
ema 234m

(@o24: e299)
(2028:£250m)

1. Atutreconcotondeweenow acustesand statutory embesisincludecnout
2. inches £64 mon of MBE eigtaevenves 2026: £556 milion)

Group AdustedEOTAincudes Salon ted tunes proftnstock
dusters 202% 6) tion)

OURDIVISIONS

ITV Studios

Tv Studiosis scaled global creator owner and distributor
cof high-quality TV content, producing some of the most
successful shows nthe world. Itoperatesin iScountres,
‘across 60+ labels andis diversified by genre, geography and
customerin the key creative markets around the worl.

ITV Stuciosis the largest producerin the UK, one ofthe
‘world's largest studio groups, and a key player in the markets
inwhichitoperates. TV Stucios isa trusted supplier with
‘well-established relationships with major content buyers and
leading creative talent. witha high-quality contentlibrary of
‘over 100,000 hours and a digital distribution network through
200 55, (TV Studios digital label itis also one of the pre-
eminent global distributors of content.

Media & Entertainment

{Vis the UK's argest commercial streamer and broadcaster.
‘Through M&E, we make biliant British-focused content
available on'TVX.- our free, advertser-funded streaming
service - alongside our free-to-airlinear TVchanne!s and
third-party partners, allowing viewers towatch whenever
and wherever they choose.

For advertisers, TV offersa compeling combination of
mass audience reach, targeted advertising, andinnovative
‘commercial and creative partnerships, alldeliveredine
brand-safe,celiably measured envionment across TVX
and ourlinear TV channels. We further extend this ecal2
and reach by offering digital advertising around our
Content, and partne™ contenton YouTube.

59% 20

of revenue generated formats soldin
‘outside the UK ‘3+ countries
(2024: 59%) (2024:20)

16.5m

monthly active users
(2024: 18.71)

2,304m

total streaming hours,
(2024:1,980m)

28% 52%

total revenue from of revenue from
streamers scripted productions
(2024:25%) (2024: 30%)

91% 31.7%

of the top1,000 share of commer
commercialbroadeast Viewing
‘Tprogrammes (2028:32.2%)
(2024:92%)

Refer to the KPIs and Operating and Financial Performanc? Review
sections for further cetailson our divisions

‘nV pleAnnsl Report and Accounts 2025

Governance Financial Statements 3

ITV's business model is built upon a unique set of
strategic assets and competitive advantages, based
on our ability to create, own, manage, and distribute
the rights to our content,

SUN DIVERSIFIED REVENUE STREAMS

| OURRISK MANAGEMENT FRAMEWORK

By leveraging our strategic assets and competitive
advantages to maximise the value of our IP across

ITV Studios, Streaming and Broadcast, we are able
to grow our diversified revenue streams and create
value for our shareholders.

ITV operates in an increasingly complex business
environment, and our risk management framework
provides the business with the tools to continually
identify, assess, and manage our risks. This enables
‘the Board and the business to strike the right balance
between risk-taking and mitigation, ensuring
underlying strategic risks are managed for the
successful delivery of our strategy.

ivstupios

+ Produce broadcaster andstreamermodetcreates
valuable synergies

+ Strong trusted brand, products andcuture

+ Anign-performing, gle, creative anddverse workforce

iTvstupios

Wort class alent reducing some ofthe mast successful shows af GunG
thewers

+ Scaled and diversified global stucios creating strong platform for growth

+ Unique andvaluable library andZ00 55, TV Studios igtallabel enabling
[TV tomasximisetnemonetisationof nttectua property () godaly

+ Deep established relationships withthe world’ largest content buyers

+ Focuses onthe key gromth segments ofthe content market - premium
senptedandunseripted content or loba steamers, and global content
lcensingand dstrbution particularly tor aigital platforms,

+ Attractive andresilent business model delveringhigh-qualty earings

(MEDIA & ENTERTAINMENT

TCommercialeader

+ Competing commercial propositionwith stongrelationsips with
‘adversersand partners

+ Leading gal latformsin Tvxand Planet V,the UK second-largest
‘programmatic targeted adcressabeplatorm

+ Strongdatacapabitieswithone of the largest
intheuk

+ Trustedbrand witha strong content offering across TVX andou linear
Tvenamnels

+ Cost iscipine,agity anahighlycash-generative

party datasets

‘ORIGINAL PRODUCTION — We create and produce orginal serptedand
Unscripted content commissions fora diverse customer base inclucingall
‘major networks, steaming platforms and broadcasters Bcr0ss Ow glbal
Productionbases

+ FORMATS —Wecreatesomect he world'smost successfulunscristed
formats, wrichwelcense globally tomaxmisete valve from ou!
eogramne oghts

+ DISTRIBUTION —Welicense the rights to our extensive program
rary to broadcasters and streaming platforms through ou global
stebutionnetwork

+ BiaITaL ~ Through 20085, our cigtallabel. we monet
brands and 100,000+ hove o content across ctl
‘eluding social vdeo eg, YouTube, Meta and TkTok FAST-channels,
andgaming

(MEDIA & ENTERTAINMENT

T ADVERTISING —ITVXand ourfree-to-arnearTVchannelearve
‘Significant advertising revenues, due ou abit to delver mass
audiences and argeted advertsingacrossourportoo
ofenannels

+ ADVERTISING PARTNERSHIPS ~ Though srategicpartnershis,
‘ne seiladvertiing entry aroundallour content and partner corte,
‘¢g Banjay.on YouTube

+ COMMERCIAL AND CREATIVE PARTNERSHIPS —Welverage the
ower ot our brandsto otferadvertisers unique andinnovatve waysto
fengageauciences. Thisincludes sponsorship product placement, 3nd
_2avertiser-funded programming across TVXand our linear TV channels

+ SUBSCRIPTION, COMPETITIONS AND THIRD-PARTY REVENUES,
‘We generate streaming subscription revenue (TVXPremiu), monetise
‘ur consumer interactions through competion, anarecewe evenve
‘om third-party platforms forcaryng ou" channels

4. Fee Acsaupponted streaming Tlevtion FAST)

{© Ourtusness mode enabiesus to create value forallourkey stakeholders
‘Thisinclodes ou customers, viewers and oserbers partners cizens,
shareholders, debt providers and analyst, eisiators and equator, as
‘wotas ou colleagues, programme parispantsandeveryonewe work
‘ith See our stakeholder engagement section or further detaison.
[rVSkey stakeholders andhow we engage wath ther.

© Seeour Risks and Uncertainties section for further details on TV's
‘isk Management Framework

"Vl Annus Report and Aecounts 2025

Investor Proposition

Reasons
to INVEST

1

ITVis creating value for shareholders
through our two resilient and attractive
businesses - ITV Studios and M&E

Attractive growth in ITV Studios
by its world-class talent, global scale;
and unique IP library

Fast-growing digital advertising }
revenues through ITVX and Planet V, :
and new digital opportunities

Leader in UK TV advertising delivering
mass commercial audiences, which are
valuable to advertisers

Ongoing strategic cost management
supporting operating margins across the
business and funding investment in our
key strategic priorities

Forturther details, refer tothe following sections:

Strong cash generation underpinned
bya disciplined value creation strategy,
delivering attractive returns to
shareholders.

© ovrttoretnan Tv strategy onpage7

© ooperatingand Financial Performance Review on pageié

© Kris onpages2

© Finance neviewonpage 6

MV ple Annu Repertang Accounts 2025 Strategic Report Governance

Financial Statements 5

Chair's Statement

During 2025 we celebrated ITV's 70th birthday and reflected on seven
decades of constant change and progress. From black and white to
colour, analogue to digital, and a world in which we were one of only

a few viewing options to one today where we are one of many.

‘Through the years ITVhas kept moving forward
byholding tre tits purpose of Making What
‘Matters.stayingrelevant informing opinion
land winning hearts through the biliance ofits
Creative output.

Inrecent years the pace of changein the industry
hhas accelerated and the competitive envionment
is more complex thanit's ever been, But!TV
remains a powerhouse of British broadcasting
and streaming, as well asa scaled global content
‘producer. Every year the programmes made by
ITV Studios are watched'by tens of milions of
‘peoplein190 countries. Our coverage of
International sporting events continues to dram
‘huge UK audiences. Love'slandhas redefinedan
entire genre. Since 2019 we have encouraged over
$300 milion actions from our viewers to support
‘mental health. Soccer Aid or UNICEF has now
raised over £120 million. And Mr Bates and the
Post Office became aglobalhitandledto
immediate action being taken by the UK
Government to tackle the historic victimisation
‘andillreatment of hundreds of wrongly accused
sub postmasters across Britain This is’Making,
What Matters.

‘As the dynamics of our industry rapidly evolve, we
‘are evolving with them. We have invested heavily
inourpeople and technology tokeep usinstep
with the tremendous changes we ae seeingin the
media and entertainment world, Collaboration
and partnerships are an increasingly important
partof our commercial strategy. These increase
the efficiency of ourbusiness and enable us to
leverage the investments we are making. We are
reachingnew audiences andaatractingnew
advertisers through closer relationships with

thetikes of Disney and YouTube while the launch
of our digital studios brand, 2005, isallowingus
tobetter commercialise our current and historic
catalogue with platformslike Metaand Tik Tok

Wedelvereda solid performance in 2025ina
challenging market and for thefisttime, two-
thirds of our total revenues came fromITV Studios
andour M&E digital business. Total external
revenues were Up.% driven by 10% growthin
‘external Studios revenues and 10% growthin
digitalrevenues, which offset the dectineintinear
advertising revenue. Group adjusted EBITA was.
down 1%, while adjusted EPS was down 11%
reflecting higher adjusted financing costs and
effective taxrate thanin prior year. We generated
££187 millon pounds of freecashin the yea.

While we successfully adaptto the changing
market and compete effectively, we continuously
‘assess all options to create the greatest value for
‘shareholders. In November 2025 we confirmed
that we aein preliminary discussions regarding
‘possible sale of our M&E business to Sky There
‘can beno certainty whether any transaction will
take place anda further announcement willbe
madeindue course,

In February 2025 Salman Amin stepped down trom
the Board after eight years. Salmanwasamuch
respected member ofthe Board and made an
important contribution to the development of our
strategy. Wewishhimwellinhis etiement Helen
‘Ashton joined the ITV Boardin May Helenis a
highly experienced Director wth broad financial
‘and generalmanagement background within fast
paced, custome facing businesses. Helensitson
the Aucitand Risk Committee andhasmadea
_geatimpact sinceariving

‘During the year, we acquired Moonage Pictures
{and Plano a Pano, two production companies

with biliant records of creative success gained
‘over many years, We are delighted to welcome

them to their family.

‘The Boardhas proposed anal ordinary ivicend
of 3.3p per share, taking the fullyear dividend to
5.0p, inline with 2028.

‘Over thelast three years the management team.
thas undertaken a wide ranging restructuring of
‘the Group toreduce our operating costs and
create funds forinvestment. Thishas been often
challenging and sensitive work. On behalf of the
Board, would lke to pay tribute tothe efforts
fof the team whohave led thisifficult but
‘necessary programme of change. Atthe same
time! would ike to thank all colleagues for thir
tireless contribution and determination during
ifficuttimes.

Andrew Cossiett
‘Chairof the Board

Andrew Cosslett
Chairofthe Board

powerhouse of

British broadcasting
and streaming, as well
asa scaled global
content producer.

‘MV ple Annual Report ane Accounts 2025,

Market Review

The competitive markets in which ITV operates continue to evolve at pace. High-quality, premium content remains essential for platforms
to attract and engage audiences. Ongoing shifts in viewing habits, user-generated content, significant consolidation among content makers
and buyers, and increased advertising competition present both opportunities and challenges for ITV.

sl

‘Trend 1: Global demand for content

The global content market remainstarge and attractive defined by
averse mixof content and customers ina competitive landscape,
“Thevalue of premium content is demonstvatedby recent consolation
oflarge-scale US studios, highightig the intrinsic valueplacedion content
rare, P.and production capabalves,

1n2025, the content market wasup 1% year-on-year. Lower spend

‘rom free-to-air broadcasters, particularly ia Eurape amici challenging
‘macroeconomic ervronment, was offset by growth from global streaming
{and advertiser funded video on demand platforms (AVOD)-a segment
‘seeing apis expansion rom platforms ike YouTube.

white market growth has stowed compared tohistorcallevels, we expect
Continued growthinthe key segments inwhichiTV Studios operates. Ts
Includes conten licensing, particulary to dita! and FAST channels, and
sustained demand from streaming platforms for high-quality scripted
andunscripted content

‘Trend 2: Changes in viewing habits
‘Over the last fen years, average daly vdeo viewing across broadcast,
steaming and video-sharing platforms has remained eativly stable

atc hours. However the allocation this time has changed epi as
‘gromthinviewingto cial latformshas offset significant decinen
linear TV viewing. Despite this shit, TVremainecentraltoin-nome’ ,
consumption with over 50% of UK ewingstilbeing Wena TV set

{Sour BARE, alindwiouas).

“Te viewing landscapes highly agente tferingwevers unparalled
flenbityand content chace arosstwoaccasters global steamng tO,
_ndvideo sham services. ncludng those wituser generated contre. Viewers

‘Trend 3: The UK advertising market
‘The UK advertisingrmarket was worth £44 ition in 2025,up 7% year-on-
year (2024: +11%, 2025. 12%) Thiswas riventy enn igtad advertsng.
wien grew by in 2025 2024 13%, 2023 194) to account fore BOM of
Total aGrertisng spend. TV advertising represents c12% ofthe market and
declined by 1% 2025. folowing gromthin 2026 anda T& decine'n 2023.
(Gource:AKWARC G3 2025 report excl Direct Ma).

‘Overall gromth varies advertising medium. in 4 2025, lladvertsing was
impacted by macroeconomic unceraintyin te ead-up to the UK Budget.
Restrictions ontess healthy food advertising cameintoettect on January
2026, UK broadcasters and advertisers voluntary implementedthese
‘estitions fom 1 October 2025, nine witha pan-ndustry commitment.
‘Competitionin ne advertising markethasintensiedas the raliferation

‘of FAST channels, the adoption of 2¢-supported tiers by aba streamers,
land the contined sate of video-sharing platforms suchas YouTubehave
Significant increasedcormercil ventory. The 2026 AA WAR forecast
expects urtner markt growth riven oie, with TV advertising expected
toretumtomd-singe dig growth

However expanded choice alsomeans ausiences must navigate a plethora
‘of content, piacinga premium enhigh-qualty programming snd platforms
with Better personalisation and moreintutive yer interfaces.

Size of global content marketin2025,

$235 billion

2028 at52930ion
(source: moore Arai: Feb2026- ex spens tom limes)

[Average viewing time per person per day

4 hours 6 mins ||£44 billion

roa aroun en | zt zon
averse =| feat 8 -et erdontet

| [2028 UKadvertising market

How weareresponding
‘sa global studio creating, owning, and distibutinghgh-qualtyIP.FTV
‘Studios strategically positioneato capitalise onmarket opportunities
and grow marke share by leveragingits competitive advantages,
creative excellence underpins the business, attractingandretaining
leading talent to produce world-class conten ITV Studies maintains
Strong relationships with key buyers globally andhas an exiting creative
pipetine for 2026 and beyond.

{TVStudiosis diversifying its customer base by capturing growthin the
‘expanding market segments. Thisincluges maximisingthe valve ots
‘nique library of through Z00 5, ou digital labet which urates and
distributes content across AVOD and saca video platforms globally.
Acultureofagiity andcostescptne is emibeddedwithin iTV Studios
This provides exit tornavigate market shits and underpinsitsabity
to deer attractive margins

How weareresponding
-Asthe UX largest commercial streamer andbroadcaster wetter
‘iewers flexibility to watch our content whenever andhowever they wish
‘vxhas¢ 26,000 hours of ree content cwated to attract commercially
valuabie audiences To ensure maximum engagement andretention we
Continuously ivestin optimising the use journey andplatform experience,
12028, we wllinvest around €1.2bilion high-quality tustedcontent. TVX delves scale andbreadtnof digital audiences, provides the inventory
‘across arange of genres. This drives both vdeo on demand andleviewing for Planet v, and underpins our ality o capture online video advertising,
‘oniTVx. alongside mass auciences onourlinearTVchannels. Live viewing, budgetsand grow marketshare We ae actively expanding ou digital
remains acore focus, as TV attracts more large-scale commercial revenue streams ith TV Commercial sling vertsingsround premium
‘auciencesthanany other UK broadcaster or streaming platform. ITVand partner content. Baniay) on YouTube. Furthermore, our new
‘Weare also extending our reach to younger viewers tough ecent strategic _Smalland medium sizedenterpise strategy (SME) enables these
partnerships wth YouTube andOsseye nese cistuteurcontert ones Dushessesto access Vand dgtaldvertsngmere efficent
‘segments ofthe fragmented market, capturingaudiences who might not TV's linear TV channels remain cost-efficient and vital part of marketing
otherwise engage with TV, . ‘campaigns providing audience scaleand mass reach that complements
‘ ourtargeted digtalottering

How we areresponding
‘Tveaintainsa clear competitive advantageinthe UK advertising market,
offering advertisers a unique combination ef mass audence each, targeted
advertisingat scale through Planet and commercialand creative partnerships,
allinabrand-safe envonment. These acters, coupled with our deep advertiser
andagency elationships remainimpoctant.

Unktoriske 2 Unktostrateay: @

Uncoriake § Uncomey OO | ‘nacorike 2 Unktosrteay © @

ey @ expand Stuson daly

© severerarge steaming © optimise sroadcast

© For turtner deta on now our strategy enables us tonavigate these market dynamics refer tothe CEO's
‘Statement, the Operating and Financial Performance Review, andthe Risks & Uncertainties section.

Strategie Report

Governance

Financial Statements 7

Chief Executive's Statement

ITV delivered a good performance in 2025, outperforming current
market expectations, against a challenging market backdrop. The
results demonstrate the scale of ITV's strategic transformation.

‘Now, witha strong digtal platform, Vhas
successtuly capitaisedon growth opportunities,
delivered resent profits and generated good
levels of cash ITVhas alsoachieved.akey strategic
target, with two-thirds of revenue now coming from
ITV Studios and Mae's digital business,
Financial highlights,

Group totalextermal revenue wasup 1% and
Group totalrevenue was flat, agoodoutcome
sivena5% decline in total advertising revenue
(TAR), compared witha strong advertising
performancein2024 dve to the Men's Euros.

5% growthin TV Studios total revenues and

10% growthin digital revenues offset thetinear
advertising decline, demonstrating the
effectiveness of the More than TV strategy.

ITV Studios delivered strong performance driven
by 10% growthin external revenue with significant
deliveries to global streaming platforms. We also
saw double-digit growth in 200 SSrevenue,
‘maximising the value ofthe high-quality content
library through digital distribution globally. within
MAE, ITVX continued its momentum with viewing,
Up 16% and digital advertising revenues up 12%.
Digital advertising now represents 31% of total
advertising revenues.

Group adjusted EBITA was resilient, down only
19% year-on-year, due to tight cost management.
Group adjusted EPS was down 11% to 8.5 due to
higher financing costs and ahigher effective tax
rate thanin the prior year.

Our statutory results reflect the year-on-year
‘comparison against 2024, which included the
‘one-off profton the sale of BritBox international;
asaresult statutory profitbefore taxwas down
35%, and statutory EPS decreased 43% to 5 Sp.

‘Our balance sheet remains strong, with net debt
‘of £566 milion, anet debt to adjusted EBITDA
leverage of 1.0x,and good ree cash flow of
£187 milion

Inline with ITV's vidend policy, the Boardis
‘proposingaaS.0p per share ordinary dividend
forthe fll year, bringing the total paid for 2025
toc.£190 millon, Since 2018, TV has returned
‘over £1.6illon to shareholders.

Our Purpose, Vision and More than

TVstrategy

ur purpose is Making What Matters,

entertaining and connecting with millions

of peoplein the UK and globally reflecting

and shaping culture and building brands with
lant contentandcreativity.

ur strategic vsionis tobealeaderin UK
advertise-funded broadcasting and streaming
and adiversified and expanding global forcein
content. ur strategy is basedon three key pillars:

+ Expand Studios
+ Supercharge our Streaming business
+ Optimise our roadcast business

‘These pillars are underpinned bya tear set
of strategic prorties detaled furtherin the
‘Operating and Financial Performance Review
section). As partof the strategy, we set
intentionally ambitious financial and non-financial
targets tocrive performanceandhave adapted
themasnecessaryina apialy evolving market
(etaledin the KPIs section). These targetshave
DeeninstrumentaintransformingTV, bath
culturally and operationally galvanisingour teams
andereatingamore entrepceneurial and ambitious
culture. Thisis yielding clear results

‘Aswe successfully execute our strategy, we
Continuously assess all options tocreate the
‘greatestvalve for shareholders. Following our
‘announcementin Novernber 2025, we remainin
‘iscussions with Sky regarcing a possible sale of
the MBE business. There can beno certainty as to
whether transaction wil take place and an update
willbe madein due course.

@

TV Studios is adistinctive business withaleading
positionin the global content market. Its core
Competitive advantages and value drivers ~ world-
class talent, global scale anda unique IP ibary -
are underpinnedby acultureof cost ascipine.
‘This combination ensures the businessis
well-positioned to continue to grow ahead

of themarket and drive attractive margins

EXPAND
‘STUDIOS.

ITV Studios’ creative culture attracts and
retains the industry's leading talent by offering
independence and an entrepreneurial culture
backed by global distribution and resources,

‘This has made ITV Studios a destination for top
creative talent, a position we continue to enhance
‘through attracting talent and making strategic
‘acquisitions that deliver both creative scale and
revenve synergies. Ths year, ITV Studios acquired
‘Moonage Pictures in the UK (producers of The
Gentlemen for Netflix) and Plano a Planoin Spain
(producers of Suspicious Minds for Disneys).

‘The success ofthis strategy is evidentin our
creative output. We produce iconic programmes
‘suchas The Voice, Love sland, The Graham Norton
Show and Lineof Duty, while some of ournewer

"nV ple Anal Report ang Accounts 2028

Chief Executive's Statement continued

Our More than TV strategy

Supercharge
STREAMING
eving dtl viewing and
revenvetrougnwxand Pane V,
TTVleadngaacressabe
adversingotatterm

Expand
STUDIOS

Further diversifying
and expanding by gere,
‘geography andcustomer.
‘and growingfasterthan
themarket

Optimise
BROADCAST
Digitally transtorming a we
contin toatvact commercial
rosdeastauciencesof
Unperaleedscale

labels, suchas Happy Prince and Quay Street
Productions, are deliveringhit scripted shows.
Forexample Rivals for Disneys, whichis returning
for season 2followingthe success of season ,and
Harlan Coben titesincluding Run Away and Foot
‘Me Once for Netflix. ITV Stucios'successin talent
retention clear, reinorcingour position asan
environment where the industry's best creative
leaders thrive. Inthe UK, where we conduct the
‘majority of our talent deals and acquisitions,
around 75% of ourlabel MDs and creative leads
remain withthe business post-earnout.

‘The global content market remains large and
attractive Asascaledand dversifiedbusiness,
ITV Studiosis well-positioned tooutperform the
highly fragmented global market. ITV Studiosis,
the largest TV producerin the UK, one of the
‘worla's largest studio groups, anda key player

in the marketsin which itoperates.

ITV Studios’ strength lesinits diversification across
_geography, genre, and customer base. Today, 59%
‘of ourrevenueis generated internationally, and 28%
‘comes from the growing treamingmarketas we
bbuida strong track ecord for successtulcontent.
\Wemaintain deep, strategirelationships withthe
world's leading content buyers, withactve projects
indevelopment for every major global steaming
platform andan exciting pipetine of new and
retursinglits that demonstrate ou creativereach

ITV Studios uniquelibraryofover100,000hours
of scriptediand unscripted contentis significant
strategc asset Each year, thousands ofhaursof
‘new IPareadded, whichis icensedto over 350
‘customers globally. This scaleallows/TV Studios to
‘maximise the lifetime valueof ts content. The tearn
‘are also taking advantage of the fast-growing digital
<istibution market through ourdgita label, 200 5.

200 55 enables TV Stucios to expand the reach
ofitstong and shoit-forn content, distributing
itacross social video, AST, and AVOD (ad-
‘supported video on demand) channels globally.
Byusing data-driven audience insights and Alto
Curate content, 200 5 can engage wider global
audiences across a broader range of platforms.
12025, 200 55 generated over 47 billion global
Views, up over 30% year-on-year, which drove
double-cigitrevenue growth,

"TV Studios ‘operating model as acreator, owner,
Producer and distributor of iP ensuresitcaptures:
the fullvalue of the contentlfecycle. This enables
the business to driveabove-market growth and
deliver attractive margins. Our strategyof
diversifying revenues has resultedina stable
foundation of c 60% recurringrevenues,
supported by low-risk model that delivers
high-quality earnings and strong cash generation,

ITV studios has consistently grown aheadot
the market at an attractive margin. Wemade

‘corporate viewer-ledandefficiency-criven
{decision toimplementa new scheduling pattern
for the Soaps and production changes for our
Daytime schedule. These were the right decisions
{or Tv, delivering significant savingsin MBE, but
have reduced ITV Studios’ internal revenue by
.£80 millon effective from 2026. We remain on
track to deliver our2026 financial target of 5%
average annual total organic revenue growth rom
2021, excluding Daytime and Soaps. Furthermore,
‘we remainon track to deliver an adjusted EBITA
‘margin within our 13% to 15% range.

Media & Entertainment (M&E)
‘As the UK'slavgest commercialbroadcasterand
{8VO0' streamer, MAE's success s underpinned by
‘wo strategic pillars: Supercharge Streamingand
Optimise Broadcast, bothof whichareciicalin
arapidy changing market

By leveraging TV's scale, rusted brand, and
high-quality content, M&Eis well-positioned
todeliver profitable cigital revenue growth and
strong cash generation. we combine our reach
withan extensive first-party dataset tooffera
‘compelling commercial proposition: mass
audiences alongside sophisticated targeted
advertising and integrated creative partnerships
~allwithinabrand-safe, measured enviconment.

[tightly disciplined, aglecost base remains
Central tomas resilience,

1 breacastervideoondemans

Strategie Report

Governance

Financial Statements 9

‘SUPERCHARGE
‘STREAMING

@

|TVXand Planet Vhave fundamentally transformed
‘ur streaming offering, driving fast-growing
profitable digital advertisingrevenues.ITVXis the
fastest-growingbroadcaster streaming platform
inthe UKand, since launch in 2022, has delivered
25% CAGRin otal streaminghours and 16%
CAGRin digital advertising revenues,

\naddition, by using data on audience behaviour
‘and preferences, the teamhave optimisedcontent
spend across TVX and thelinear TV channels to
ensure our curatedofferingattracts andvetains
the most commercially valuable viewers,

Planet V,our first-class addressable advertising,
platform, provides access to over 40million
fegistered users, with 20,000 targeting options
\which can be further augmented with data from
third-party providers such as Tesco and Carwow.
Since launch, Planet V has attracted over 1,500
ewadvertisers tol,

With this momentum, digtaladvertsingrevenue
'soutperforming our origina plan. Given the strong
performance of advertser-funded streamingon

FTvxandourfocuson profitable growth we have
pivoted our digital strategy by doubling downan
thismodel and deprionitsing subscripton video
‘on demand. Therefore, itwil take slightly longer
than italy anticipated to reach the overall,
£750 millon digital revenue target

Importantly, thishas saved significant
incremental content and marketing spend. Asa
result, we reached break-even two years earlier
than planned, ecouping our entire investmentin
TVX four years earlier than projected. In doing so,
we have createda more esiient, focused and
profitable TVX platform, with veryattractive
growth prospects.

Building on the foundations ofthe strategic
investments in TVXand Planet, weare
competingetfectively inthe £9:Sbilion ontine
video advertising segment attracting 'new-to-TV
advertisersand growing our share of the market.

\We are removing barriers to entry and simplifying
the buyingprocess for TV advertising forsmall
and medium-sized enterprises (SMES). We have
‘onboarded new SME advertisers, who are not
represented by agencies through our recently
established direct sales team. naddition, we are
‘making good progress towards the launch of our
self-serve advertising platformin collaboration

‘onmeres rodecedby ota ton
MvStusostabe or ape Tvs ond

‘ew soues in 2025, evesmnrghourt
ferme content on Trem
‘ercn-yerelecting te patton’

with Sky, Channel 4,and Comcast's Universal Ads
platform which we willbe testinglater ths year.

IV isalso extendingits reach and monetisation
through strategic content and commercial.
partnerships. Through our YouTube partnership,
‘over 40% of the viewingtoITV'scontenton the
platformis from under 35-year-olds, driving
incremental reach without cannibalising TVX
Viewing, The neviy createdITV YouTube sales
team, which sells advertising around ITV content
‘on the platform, continues to grow, partnering
with over 800 brands and products today, up
from sixat launch. in early 2026, we announceda
Partnership with Baniay to sella their advertising
‘around their contenton YouTube.

‘Our partnership with Disney* has successfully
driven fresh consideration for both platforms,
‘and we are now expanding this relationship to
bring selected Disneys titles toITV1's peak
schedule. We alsohave anew collaboration with
TikTok, which is further driving engagement and
‘monetisation around curated TV content

We are leveraging ourIP and first-party data to
drive growth in cigital non-advertsing revenue.
\We launched The Birthday Draw in January 2026,
‘partnership with Global for a £1 milloncash
prize, and are evolving ITV Winintoa premium
destination for competitions, most recently with
the introduction of TV Win Bingo & Spins. Whileit

Is early days, we expect these two initiatives to
rive double-digit growth ininteractive revenues,
and wil broadly break-evenin year one.

@

White we Supercharge Streaming, we continue
10 Optimise Broadcast, increasing productivity
andefficiency,and remain the only commercial
platform capable of deliveringmass cultural
‘moments at scale, areach thatis increasingly
valuable for avertisersina fragmented market.
12025, TV delivered 91% of the top 1,000
commercial audiences.

OPTIMISE
BROADCAST

Toreinforce this value, weare collaborating
with Channel 4 and Sky on'Lanter’ (launching
2027), an outcomes program to measure the
effectiveness of TV advertising. This enables
advertisers to track the short-term impactof
‘TVcampaigns on sales, and has been welcomed
byadvertsing agencies andclents, reinforcing
MTV'sleading high-performance and brand

safe environment.

We are optimising our 2026 content spend to
best reflect viewer dynamics and deliver the most
valuable audiences for advertisers. Wehave an
extraordinary programme scheduleacross

10

Chief Executive's Statement continued

InFesteowateRs
teanewnatural story
producesby melt
Productions anv
Studiostaded inthe ur.
2o2sandhos been
Commisioneain,

rama, Entertainment and Reality, while scaling
live Sport ITVis the only commercial broadcaster
with the rights to the Men's Football World Cup,
whichincludes 19 morematches on ITV. We also
‘have the rights to all England men's rugby games
thisyear,

Strategic cost programme

‘Through our ongoing strategic cost programme,
we continue to rive productvityand efficiency
gains, as we repriortise our resource allocation
tobetter align with our strategy.

12025, we delivered £50 million of permanent
savings. £5 million ahead of plan, alongside
E13 milion of annvalised transmission savings
fromour previous cost programme. Since the
startof 2019, wehave achieved £253 milion
‘of cumulative non-content savings.

Savings during the year were driven by operational
‘and technology efficiencies and organisational
‘redesign. We are also increasingly using Al across
‘thebusiness to drive efficiencies, as wellascreate
revenue opportunities. These savingshave
fundedinvestments and more than offset
inflation in both businesses.

12026, we expecta further £20 millon of savings,
whichis acombination of new initiatives and the
‘annualised benefits from our 2025 savings.

‘Our structured and disciplined approach to cost
‘ensures that TV remains alean, agile business,
‘optimisingourcost base to enhance profitability,
~andinvestin the growth drivers.

‘Our Social Purpose
ITVhas anincrecibleistory of eflectingand
shaping culture for good, From championing
the stories that need tobe told to fostering an
inclusive and creative workplace, weemain
committed to our social purpose, whichis
focused across fourareas:

+ Mental Wellbeing: We encouraged the nation
toptcctse theirhealth throughour'Britain Get
Talking and Rote of aitetime campaigns.

We also relaunchedour Head Fist Award, which
awards £1 milion of atime to an advertiser
promoting positive mental wellbeing.

Better Futures: Our audiences aised over
£15 million for Soccer Aid for UNICEF this year
Wealsoreached amilestone in our Creative
‘Access partnership, matchingover 500
mentoringpartnerships to support the

next generation of industry talent

Climate Action: TV earned an‘ score from COP,
placing usin the top 4% of companies globally
for climate performance and ansparency.

\We continue to innovate on-screen, including
Emmerdale's award-winning ciate storyteling
and recent sustainablepartnership withthe
Department for Energy Security andNet Zero.

Diversity, Equity and inclusion:
We committeda further £80 milion toour
Diversity Commissioning Spend, which created,
high-impact content such as the successful
‘drama Code of Silence. Through our Diversity
Development Fundaand Fresh Cuts series,

‘we continue to champion underrepresented
‘creatives and enhance accessibility support
‘on shows suchas The Assembly. Ourcolleague
‘networks continue to thive,helpingus create
aninclusivecultureat iTV,

‘More detalisincldedin he Social Purpose
Section on page 28

Regulation
New estictions on ess healthy food (LHF)
advertisingon Ofcom-regulated TV and
streaming services before 9pm. andallday
online, came intoeffect on 5 January 2026. (TV
voluntarily implemented these restrictions from
1 0ctober 2025. inte withapan-industry
Commitment. We have worked proactively
with advertisers to mitigate the mpacton
advertisingrevenves,

We continue to work with ofeomasit
implements the Media Act, including crucial
provisions on prominence, inclusion and dispute
resolution for public service broadcaster (PSB)
streaming services,

Duty of Care

TV takesits responsibilities retated to Duty

‘of Care and Speaking Up very seriously, wth
signficant focus from the Board and Executive
Committee. We have robust andestablished
processesin place to support the physical and

‘erariatie goupot
icamnganieg norews
antenntaudence on
bagesttnesonvoutune,