ITV plc Full Year Results 2024 ITV PLC 06 March 2025 ITV Plc Full year results for twelve months ended 31 December 2024 STRONG EXECUTION DELIVERING PROFIT GROWTH Highlights · Successful financial, operating and creative performance, driven by strong strategic execution · Group adjusted EBITA up 11% in 2024, reflecting record profits in ITV Studios and growth in M&E profits and margin · ITVX continued to perform strongly: digital viewing up 12% and digital advertising revenue up 15% in 2024, delivering attractive returns. By the end of 2025, we will have recouped the cumulative investment in ITVX, much earlier than anticipated · Delivered £60 million of permanent efficiencies in 2024, £10 million ahead of plan; programme continues into 2025 delivering a further £30 million of non-content savings Carolyn McCall, ITV Chief Executive, said: "Three years ago we announced the second phase of our More than TV strategy and today's results show our significant progress and success in navigating the rapidly changing media industry. "ITV Studios has delivered record profits this year, despite the one off impact of the writers and actors strike and a softer demand from free-to-air broadcasters, which reflects the strength, scale, diversification and creativity of ITV Studios production companies across the world. "ITVX has been the UK's fastest growing streaming platform over the last two years and coupled with our programmatic advertising platform, Planet V, has delivered significant growth in both digital viewing and revenues and is providing attractive returns. "Our efficiency programme has delivered savings which have funded growth investments, offset inflation and improved our margins. The programme is ongoing and will continue to be viewer led - driving efficiencies and prioritising our investment to best reflect viewer dynamics and attract both mass reach audiences on linear and targetable audiences on ITVX. "Our significant competitive advantages give us confidence that we will continue to deliver good growth in both ITV Studios and digital revenues, underpinned by the powerful reach and strong cash generation of Broadcast. "And we are becoming a more resilient business with content production and digital now accounting for close to two thirds of our revenue. Our ongoing transformation ensures we are an adaptable and agile company, well positioned to deliver good profitable growth, strong cash generation and attractive returns to shareholders." Full Year 2024 Group Financial Highlights 1 - Strong profitability and shareholder returns · Group total revenue was down 3% at £4,140 million, with growth in total advertising revenue (TAR) offset by the expected decline in ITV Studios revenue · Group external revenue was down 4% at £3,488 million · Group adjusted EBITA 2 was up 11% at £542 million reflecting record profits in ITV Studios, higher profits and increased margin in Media & Entertainment (M&E) and £60 million of efficiencies delivered across the Group. Adjusted EPS was up 23% at 9.6p · EBITA 3 was £526 million (2023: £404 million). Statutory operating profit was £318 million (2023: £238 million), statutory profit before tax was £521 million (2023: £193 million), and statutory EPS was 10.4p (2023: 5.2p) · Profit to cash conversion 1 of 83% and a robust balance sheet, with net debt of £431 4 million (31 December 2023: £553 million) and net debt to adjusted EBITDA leverage of 0.7x (31 December 2023: 1.0x) · £198 million of the £235 million share buyback programme was completed by 31 December 2024 · In line with ITV's dividend policy, the Board has proposed a final dividend of 3.3p (2023: 3.3p), giving an ordinary dividend of 5.0p per share for the full year 2024 (2023: 5.0p), a total of £190 million. 1. Our APMs are defined within the APMs section of this report. It also includes a full reconciliation between adjusted and statutory results 2. ITV Studios adjusted EBITA includes a £13 million impact from the change in legislation on Audio-Visual Expenditure Credits (AVEC), effective on expenditure incurred from 1 January 2024. Expenditure credits on qualifying expenditure is included within operating profit rather than within the consolidated tax charge. As a result, our EBITA, adjusted EBITA, adjusted EBITA margin, profit before tax and tax charge increase, but profit after tax and EPS is unchanged, compared to the previous High-End TV accounting treatment. Excluding the impact of AVEC, ITV Studios adjusted EBITA was flat year-on-year and Group adjusted EBITA increased by 8% to £529 million 3. Statutory operating profit before amortisation and exceptional items and excludes interest, tax, share of losses of joint ventures, and associated undertakings and profit on disposal of associates, joint ventures and subsidiary undertakings 4. Excluding the net proceeds that had been designated to fund the remainder of the buyback, net debt at 31 Dec 2024 was: £468 million and net debt to adjusted EBITDA leverage is 0.8x ITV Studios - Industry leading creativity, scale and diversified business model helping to drive record profits · ITV Studios adjusted EBITA was up 5% to £299 million, with a margin of 14.7% (2023: 13.2%) benefiting from high-margin format and catalogue sales, and £25 million of efficiencies in the year · Total Studios revenue was down 6% to £2,038 5 million, in line with guidance, impacted by the 2023 US actors and writers strikes, a softer demand from free-to-air broadcasters and the phasing of deliveries year-on-year. Total organic revenue was down 5%. Total external revenue was down 10% · Internal revenue was up 3%, which includes the benefit of the transfer of ITV sports production from M&E · ITV Studios delivered many creative successes in the year including: Mr Bates, the biggest drama in the UK in 2024; Fool Me Once - one of Netflix's most-watched shows of all time; The Voice - the number one franchise of the year; Love Island USA - the number one reality series in the US 6 ; and Rivals - Disney+'s breakout hit Media & Entertainment (M&E) - ITVX continued to perform strongly, with significant improvement in M&E profitability · M&E revenue was up 1% to £2,102 million, with TAR up 2%, in line with guidance and ahead of the market o Within this, digital advertising revenue (the largest component of digital revenue) grew 15% o M&E non-advertising revenue was down 10% as expected · M&E adjusted EBITA was up 22% to £250 million reflecting the growth in TAR and £35 million of efficiencies delivered in the year · ITVX continued to perform strongly building on its momentum during the year o Streaming hours were up 12% and monthly active users were up 14% driven by the strong performance of programmes such as the Euros, Love Island and Until I Kill You o Digital revenues (refer to Note 5) grew 12% with strong growth in digital advertising revenue partly offset by the actions we have taken to consolidate subscriptions into ITVX o During 2024, in-year incremental digital revenues exceeded incremental ITVX costs, two years earlier than expected as we have optimised investment in content and technology. By the end of 2025, we will have recouped the cumulative incremental investment in ITVX, much earlier than expected · ITV maintained its strength in delivering mass reach with a breadth of successful programmes across the key genres of entertainment, reality, drama and sport with ITV1 named 'Channel of the Year' at the Edinburgh TV Festival and Broadcast Awards. Outlook: Continued focus on delivering good growth in ITV Studios and ITVX and tight cost management · ITV's significant competitive advantages and growth opportunities give us confidence that we will continue to deliver good growth in the coming years · ITV is becoming a more resilient business as it continues to grow ITV Studios and digital revenues, underpinned by the powerful reach and strong cash generation of Broadcast · Transformation and efficiency programme expected to deliver a further £30 million of savings in 2025 · Ongoing transformation ensures ITV is an adaptable and agile company, well positioned to deliver future profitable growth, continued strong cash generation and attractive returns to shareholders ITV Studios: · Expect to deliver good revenue growth in 2025, ahead of the market, with revenue and profit weighted to the second half of the year. · As expected, the margin in 2025 will be lower than in 2024, but remain within our target range of 13 to 15%. This reflects the change in sales mix as the market recovers following the US strikes, with a lower proportion of high-margin catalogue sales, and a higher proportion of lower-margin scripted deliveries. With cost savings and high margin deliveries weighted to H2, the margin will be higher in H2 than H1 · On track to deliver total organic revenue growth of 5% on average per annum from 2021 to 2026 - ahead of the market, and at a margin of 13 to 15% · Expect revenue and profit growth momentum to accelerate in the medium term driven by: o Zoo 55 - our digital studios label launched in January 2025, to drive high margin growth from the rapidly expanding global digital distribution market, as we distribute content to more platforms and audiences globally o Healthy scripted pipeline including Rivals S2 for Disney+, Run Away for Netflix and After The Flood S2 for ITV o Number of large format deliveries including the return of Hell's Kitchen US and The Voice across multiple countries 5. Total ITV Studios revenue includes a £55 million revenue benefit from the transfer of ITV sports production from M&E, effective from 1 January 2024. £53 million is eliminated in intersegment revenue. Excluding the revenue benefit, ITV Studios revenue was down 9% 6. Season 6 was the number one reality series in the U.S. across all streaming platforms Media & Entertainment: · TAR outlook and shape for 2025: o TAR will be impacted by tough comparatives against the Euros in June/July and the introduction of tighter advertising restrictions on less healthy foods (LHF) in October 2025 o The four months to the end of April is forecast to be broadly flat year-on-year · Remain on track to deliver at least £750 million of digital revenues in 2026: o we will deliver good growth in digital viewing and revenue by focusing on key value drivers of content, marketing, product, distribution and monetisation o we will drive new digital streams including § a new distribution and commercial partnership agreement with YouTube, making more ITV content available on YouTube and ITV Commercial selling advertising, and § developing new profitable digital revenue streams beyond advertising, leveraging our scaled platform, our powerful brand and IP and first party data Ongoing transformation and efficiency programme · Delivered £60 million of savings in 2024, £10 million higher than previously guided · £60 million savings comprised: o £20 million of initial £150 million plan - now fully completed, one year early o £40 million of savings as part of the ongoing transformation and efficiency programme as we reprioritise our resource allocation to better align with our strategy · Our efficiency programme has delivered savings which have funded growth investments, offset inflation and improved our margins · Delivering savings through reductions in transmission costs, technology and operational efficiencies, organisational redesign, simplifying ways of working and permanent reductions in discretionary spend · In 2025 we expect to deliver a further £30 million of permanent non-content cost savings which is a combination of new initiatives and annualised benefits from the 2024 savings. These savings will fund investments and offset inflation. Expect costs to deliver savings to be around £25 million. Planning assumptions for the full year 2025 The following planning assumptions are based on our current best view but may change over the year. Profit and Loss Impact: 1. Total content costs are expected to be around £1.250 billion, with lower sports costs year-on-year. H1 content costs will be broadly flat on the prior year 2. In total, we expect to deliver £30 million of non-content savings a combination of new initiatives and annualised benefits from the 2024 savings 3. Adjusted financing costs are expected to be around £40 million 4. The adjusted effective tax rate is expected to be around 27% over the medium-term 5. Exceptional items are expected to be around £45 million mainly due to costs associated with our ongoing transformation and efficiency programme (c. £25m) and our digital transformation costs (c. £10m). Cash impact is expected to be similar Cash impact: · Profit to cash conversion is expected to be around 80% on average over the three years from 2023 to 2025 · Total capex is expected to be around £65 million as we continue to invest in our digital capabilities · The Board has proposed a final dividend of 3.3p, which will be paid in May 2025. This gives a full year dividend of 5.0p, a total of around £190 million Virtual Results presentation webcast and Q&A: ITV's virtual results presentation and Q&A session will be held for investors and analysts at 9.30 am today (UK time) via the following link: https://www.investis-live.com/itv/67a201dc8a9b7a001265becb/lanetr You are now able to pre-register to join. If you would like to ask a question, you will be able to do so via the following Conference Call details: Conference Call Dial-In: United Kingdom (Local): +44 20 3936 2999 United Kingdom (Toll-Free): +44 800 358 1035 Global Dial-In Numbers Access Code: 100986 Press *1 to ask a question, *2 to withdraw your question, or *0 for operator assistance. Please refer to the Global Dial-In Numbers hyperlink above for alternate phone numbers. Notes to editors 1. Unless otherwise stated, all financial figures refer to the 12 months ended 31 December 2024, with the change compared to the same period in 2023. 2. Group financial performance We measure performance through a range of metrics, particularly through our alternative performance measures and KPIs, as well as statutory results, all of which are set out and defined in this report. Please refer to the APMs for a reconciliation between adjusted and statutory results. Twelve Months to 31 December 2024 £m 2023 £m Change £m Change % ITV Studios total revenue 2,038 2,170 (132) (6) Total advertising revenue 1,820 1,778 42 2 M&E non-advertising revenue 282 312 (30) (10) M&E total revenue 2,102 2,090 12 1 Total group revenue 4,140 4,260 (120) (3) Internal revenue (652) (636) (16) 3 Group external revenue 3,488 3,624 (136) (4) Total non-advertising revenue 2,320 2,482 (162) (7) ITV Studios adjusted EBITA 299 286 13 5 M&E adjusted EBITA 250 205 45 22 Adjusted EBITA 549 491 58 12 Unrealised profit in stock adjustment (7) (2) (5) 250 Group adjusted EBITA 542 489 53 11 Group adjusted EBITA margin 16% 13% - 3% points Statutory operating profit 318 238 80 34 Profit before tax (adjusted) 472 396 76 19 Adjusted EPS 9.6p 7.8p 1.8p 23 Statutory EPS 10.4p 5.2p 5.2p 100 Net debt as at 31 December (431) (553) 122 22 Reported net debt to adjusted EBITDA leverage 0.7x 1.0x Profit to cash conversion 83% 102% 3. Total advertising revenue (TAR), which includes ITV Family NAR, digital advertising and sponsorship, is expected to be broadly flat for the four months to the end of April 2025 compared to the same period in 2024. TAR is expected to be down around 2% in Q1 compared to the same period in 2024. 4. Key performance indicators Twelve months to 31 December 2024 2023 Change Group adjusted EPS 9.6p 7.8p 23% Cost savings £60m £24m £36m Profit to cash conversion 83% 102% (19)% pts ITV Studios total organic revenue (decline)/growth (5)% 3% (8)% pts ITV Studios adjusted EBITA margin % (inc AVEC) 14.7% 13.2% 1.4% pts Total high-end scripted hours 296 hrs 316 hrs (6)% Number of formats sold in 3 or more countries 20 19 5% % of ITV Studios total revenue from streaming platforms 25% 32% (7)% pts Total digital revenue £556m £498m 12% Total streaming hours 1,686m 1,506m 12% Monthly active users 14.3m 12.5m 14% Share of top 1,000 commercial broadcast TV programmes 92% 91% 1% pt Share of commercial viewing (SOCV) 32.2% 32.6% (0.4)% pts UK subscribers as at 31 December 1.0m 1.3m (23)% · Our definition of total organic revenue excludes the impact of any acquisitions made during the current or prior period. It also excludes the year-on-year movement in foreign exchange. In 2024, the unfavourable translation impact of foreign exchange on total revenue was £30 million. · Total digital revenue includes digital advertising revenue and subscription revenue as well as linear addressable revenue, digital sponsorship and partnership revenue, ITV Win and any other revenues from digital business ventures. In addition, digital advertising revenue now includes previously omitted revenue streams such as commission from STV for ITV selling their video-on-demand inventory and social media advertising revenue, which qualify under the definition. The prior years have been restated to reflect the change in categorisation. Given the nature of digital revenue, it will evolve over time. 2023 was previously reported as £490 million. · Total streaming hours measures the total number of hours viewers spent watching ITV across all streaming platforms. This figure includes both ad-funded and subscription streaming. In H1 2023, total streaming hours were reported as 737 million hours, which included some estimates of total streaming viewing from third-party data providers. This has since been updated to reflect more recently available and accurate data. · Monthly active users captures the average number of identifiable users throughout the period who accessed our owned, operated, and IP-delivered content and services each month. · The share of top 1,000 commercial broadcast TV programmes KPI includes TV viewing from transmission and seven days post-transmission on catch up, as well as six weeks prior to the transmission window. It excludes programmes with a duration of <ten minutes. This metric is calculated as a 12-month rolling average to normalise seasonal scheduling. · ITV Family share of commercial viewing is the total viewing of audiences over the period achieved by ITV's family of channels as a proportion of all commercial broadcast TV viewing in the UK, from transmission and seven days post transmission on catch up. ITV Family includes ITV1, ITV2, ITV3, ITV4, ITVBe, CITV and CITV Breakfast in 2023 only, ITV Breakfast and associated "HD" and "+1" channels. Note that CITV closed down and became a fully on demand service on ITVX in September 2023. · UK subscribers captures total UK subscriptions to ITV streaming platforms and services (including free trials). Going forward as we focus on delivering at least £750 million by 2026, we will prioritise our ad-funded proposition over our pay proposition to deliver the best return. · % change for performance indicators is calculated on rounded numbers. · KPIs for the six months to June 2024 and 2023 are unaudited. 5. Digital revenue breakdown Twelve months to 31 December 2024 £m 2023 £m Change % Digital advertising revenue* 482 420 15 Subscription revenue 48 59 (19) Other digital revenue 26 19 37 Total digital revenue 556 498 12 * Digital advertising revenue (a component of digital revenue) now includes previously omitted revenue streams such as commission from STV for ITV selling their video-on-demand inventory and social media advertising revenue, which qualify under the definition. 2023 digital advertising revenue was previously reported at £415 million and has been restated to reflect the change in categorisation. 6. We have recently agreed non-binding heads of terms to resolve the long running Box Clever pension dispute. Should the dispute be resolved in line with the proposed agreement, all current Scheme members will be transferred into the ITV Pension Scheme and will receive their full Scheme benefits. We would also expect to make a one-off cash payment of around £25m into the ITV Pension Scheme in 2025. 7. This announcement contains certain statements that are or may be forward looking statements. Words such as "targets", "expects", "aim", "anticipate", "intend", or the negative of these terms and other similar expressions of future performance or results, and their negatives, are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are based upon current expectations and assumptions regarding anticipated developments and other factors affecting ITV. Although ITV believes that the expectations reflected in these forward-looking statements are reasonable, it can give no assurance that these expectations will prove to have been correct. By their nature forward looking statements involve risk and uncertainty because they relate to events and depend on circumstances that will occur in the future. They are not historical facts, nor are they guarantees of future performance; actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. There are a number of factors that could cause actual results and developments to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward looking statements. These factors include, but are not limited to (i) the general economic, business, political, regulatory and social conditions in the key markets in which the Group operates, (ii) a significant event impacting ITV's liquidity or ability to operate and deliver effectively in any area of our business, (iii) a major change in the UK advertising market or consumer demand, (iv) significant change in regulation or legislation, (v) a significant change in demand for global content, and iv) a material change in the Group strategy to respond to these and other factors. Certain of these factors are discussed in more detail elsewhere in this announcement and in ITV's 2024 Annual Report and Accounts including, without limitation, in ITV's approach to risk management. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made and, except as required by applicable law or regulation, ITV undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements, whether written or oral, that may be made from time to time, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Nothing in this statement should be construed as a profit forecast. 8. The financial information set out above does not constitute the Company's statutory accounts for the year ended 31 December 2024. Statutory accounts for 2003 have been delivered to the registrar of companies, and those for 2024 will be delivered in due course. PwC has reported on those accounts; their reports were (i) unqualified, (ii) did not include a reference to any matters to which the auditor drew attention by way of emphasis without qualifying their report and (iii) did not contain a statement under section 498 (2) or (3) of the Companies Act 2006. For further enquiries please contact: Investor Relations Pippa Foulds +44 7778 031097 Faye Dipnarine +44 20 7157 6581 Media Relations Paul Moore +44 7860 794444 Laura Wootton +44 7917 862293 Strategic Report Chief Executive's statement 2024 has been a successful year - financially, operationally and creatively, driven by strong execution. This reflects ITV's significant strategic progress despite the rapidly changing market in which we operate. Carolyn McCall Chief Executive ITV delivered double-digit earnings growth across the Group, with record profits in Studios, and an increase in the profits and margin of M&E. ITV Studios performed well despite the expected one-off impact of US strikes and softer demand from free-to-air broadcasters, which reflects the scale, quality, diversification and resilience of the business. ITVX continued to drive strong growth in digital viewing and revenue and is delivering attractive returns. ITVX viewing has grown faster than all the other major video-on-demand services and streaming platforms since its launch. Broadcast has maintained its strength in delivering mass reach and continued strong cash generation. Creatively, we have had a standout year producing and distributing critically acclaimed content globally that continues to set us apart in the market, and 2024 has demonstrated that the programmes we produce and distribute can change attitudes, outcomes, and even the law. Financial Highlights ITV's transformation has made it more agile and resilient, which have been key to its success over the years, and this is evident in its 2024 financial performance. Group adjusted EBITA 1 , grew 11% to £542 million following our year of peak net investment in 2023 and adjusted EPS was up 23% at 9.6p. Total ITV Group revenue was down 3% and total external revenue declined by 4%, with 2% growth in total advertising revenue offset by the expected decline in ITV Studios revenue. Within M&E, ITVX continued to drive strong growth in digital viewing, which was up 12%, and in digital advertising revenue, which grew 15% year-on-year. Digital advertising now makes up 26% of total advertising revenues. Our statutory results benefited from the profit on the sale of BritBox International in March 2024, with statutory profit before tax up 170% to £521 million and statutory EPS increasing by 100% to 10.4p. Cash generation was strong with 83% profit to cash conversion and £325 million of free cash flow. ITV has a robust balance sheet with net debt of £431 million, and net debt to adjusted EBITDA leverage of 0.7x at 31 December 2024. In line with ITV's dividend policy, the Board has proposed a final dividend of 3.3p (2023: 3.3p), giving an ordinary dividend of 5.0p per share for the full year 2024 (2023: 5.0p) - a total payment of around £190 million. Since 2018, we have returned over £1.4 billion to shareholders, which includes £198 million of our £235 million share buyback programme as at 31 December 2024. Our Progress in Delivering Our Purpose, Vision and More Than TV Strategy Our purpose is Making What Matters, entertaining and connecting with millions of people in the UK and globally, reflecting and shaping culture and building brands, with brilliant content and creativity. We announced Phase Two of our More Than TV strategy three years ago with the vision that by 2026, ITV will be a leader in UK advertiser-funded streaming, and an expanding global force in content. To deliver our vision and strategy, we are focused on three pillars: • Expand our UK and global production business • Supercharge our Streaming business • Optimise our Broadcast business These pillars are underpinned by a number of priorities (detailed further below), for which we have key performance indicator (KPI) targets to deliver by 2026. ITV has made strong strategic progress and the 2024 results demonstrate the significant achievements we have made. We have transformed ITV into a much leaner, digital, more diversified and adaptable business, fit for the future with good opportunities for profitable growth, strong cash generation and attractive returns to shareholders. 1. Group adjusted EBITA includes £13 million of Audio- Visual Expenditure Credits, refer to APMs for further details Expand ITV Studios In ITV Studios we have built a scaled, global, diversified and resilient business, driven by very strong creative output, and being focused on delivering good growth and taking market share, benefitting from our significant competitive advantages. ITV Studios is the largest commercial producer in the UK, one of the largest unscripted producers in the US, and in the top three producers in the key creative markets in which it operates. We produce a broad range of content for a diversified customer base. Over the last two years, around 35% of ITV Studios' revenue has come from the expanding scripted market and around 30% from growing streaming platforms. In 2024 we saw creative successes with programmes such as Mr Bates vs The Post Office, ITV's biggest drama in over 20 years; Fool Me Once, one of Netflix's most watched shows of all time; Season 6 of Love Island US, the number one reality series across all streaming platforms in the US; and Citadel Diana, Amazon Prime Video's biggest global launch for an Italian original ever. We continue to successfully attract and retain talent. Our unique blend of creative independence, an entrepreneurial culture, and the resources of a global studio allows our talent to thrive. Recent acquisitions include Hartswood Films in the UK, the producer of Sherlock, and one of the fastest-growing producers Eagle Eye Drama, the producer of Professor T. The global content market is large and attractive and we anticipate growth in the key segments of the market in which we operate. This includes premium scripted content and unscripted formats driven by the strong demand from streaming platforms, and catalogue sales, particularly with strong growth in digital distribution. We have an exciting pipeline of new and returning programmes across scripted and unscripted for a broad range of customers, such as One Piece S2 for Netflix, Rivals S2 for Disney+ and Destination X for the BBC and NBC. In addition, we have a catalogue of over 95,000 hours, including world-class unscripted IP, and a leading drama library. Having a scaled quality catalogue, gives us really exciting new revenue opportunities as distribution becomes increasingly digital with continuous technological change. In January 2025, ITV Studios launched Zoo 55, a new digital studios label. Through Zoo 55, we digitally publish ITV content and third party content, globally into social channels, direct to the consumer. This is through social video, free ad supported or FAST channels and through games. Zoo 55 centralises all these activities and supercharges our ability to distribute and monetise it much more effectively. In 2024, Zoo 55 delivered around £60 million of high-margin digital revenue, up c.30% year-on-year, and we expect to double this by the end of 2027, as we launch more channels and games in more territories. ITV Studios is on track to deliver its key financial targets of total organic revenue growth of 5% on average per annum from 2021 to 2026 - ahead of the market, and at a margin of 13 to 15%. We remain focused on the four strategic priorities (as detailed below) and are confident in our ability to continue growing our market share and deliver exceptional content globally. Media & Entertainment (M&E) ITV M&E is the UK's largest commercial broadcaster and BVOD streamer, delivering unrivalled audience scale and reach. It is underpinned by two strategic pillars; Supercharge Streaming and Optimise Broadcast, both of which are critical to our continued success in a rapidly changing market. The media landscape has changed profoundly since we launched our strategy. Declining linear TV viewing coupled with growth in digital viewing, the proliferation of streaming services (19 new entrants in the UK since 2018 with five having ad-tiers), and the growing influence of platforms like YouTube (viewing up nearly 20% since 2022), have dramatically reshaped the competitive environment. ITV's strategy recognises these rapid changes and has been laser focused on capitalising on the opportunities and managing and mitigating the risks. Our priority was to transform our streaming and addressable advertising proposition to enable us to retain our existing viewers and advertisers while attracting new ones, and growing our addressable market to drive digital revenues. Through ITVX and Planet V, we've established a formidable position in the UK ad-funded streaming market. ITVX has transformed the viewer experience, offering over 22,000 hours of free content, up from around 1,000 hours in 2019. It has a sophisticated personalisation and recommendations engine, and is on nearly 100% of all platforms. This has driven significant growth in digital viewing and in 2024, streaming hours and MAUs were up 12% and 14% year-on-year respectively. Planet V has been critical to the success of ITVX. The platform has over 2,000 users in the UK who have access to data from over 40 million ITVX registered users, one of the UK's largest first-party data sets, and over 20,000 addressable targeting options. This has enabled us to attract over 1,000 new advertisers since launch and deliver double-digit growth in CPMs. And as its wholly owned, we keep 100% of the revenue. When we launched ITVX we expected the point when in-year incremental digital revenues would exceed in-year incremental costs of ITVX, to be in 2026. We achieved this milestone in 2024, delivering strong growth in viewing and revenues in line with our plan, but with less investment than initially planned. We did this by optimising our content and tech spend, adapting to the changing market and taking advantage of opportunities to reduce spend. By the end of 2025, we will have recouped the cumulative investment in ITX, , much earlier than expected. We will continue to drive strong growth in digital viewing and revenue in ITX by focusing on our key value drivers - content, marketing, distribution, product and monetisation. In addition to ITVX, we are actively developing new digital revenue streams to drive profitable growth. We are making hundreds more hours of long and short form ITV content available on YouTube, with ITV Commercial selling the advertising around it. This offers advertisers the opportunity to engage with ITV's unparalleled premium brand safe content on YouTube, and for ITV this increases our addressable market. We are also developing opportunities for organic growth, beyond advertising, by reshaping our business unit, Interactive, to drive revenue through high value partnerships that leverage our scaled platform, our powerful brand and IP and our first party data. By moving beyond advertising, we aim to create innovative collaborations that deliver value, enhance customer experiences and unlock new digital revenue streams. For example, we are further developing ITV Win as a premium destination for competitions and gaming. We now have the capability and culture to deliver a more entrepreneurial approach. These revenues will contribute to our key M&E financial target of at least £750 million of digital revenues by 2026, which we are on track to deliver. Alongside ITVX we are focused on maintaining our strength in delivering mass audiences which are highly valuable for advertisers. In 2024, we delivered 92% of the top 1,000 commercial audiences across key genres of sport, entertainment, reality, and drama. This robust performance cements ITV's unique market-leading position in UK broadcast. Across M&E we have significant competitive advantages. We are the commercial leader in scale and reach on the TV set where the majority of all viewing still takes place. Our share of commercial big screen adult viewing is 22%, bigger than Netflix, Amazon Prime and Disney+ combined. We have a trusted brand and a strong track record for producing and distributing content which appeals to UK audiences. We have a unique commercial proposition offering mass reach, and commercial and creative partnerships all in a brand-safe and measured environment. Our extensive first-party data provides valuable insights for commissioning and windowing, driving viewing, it also improves marketing effectiveness. By augmenting our data with other first-party data, we can deliver highly valuable targeted advertising at scale, which is even more effective for advertisers. We are focused on delivering profitable growth and expanding the margin, benefitting from these significant competitive advantages, developing new revenue opportunities and driving efficiencies. Our More Than TV strategy Vertically Integrated Producer Broadcaster and Streamer Expand studios Further expanding by genre, geography and customer and growing faster than market 2026 STUDIOS TARGET Grow total organic revenues by 5% on average per annum to 2026 - which is ahead of the market at a margin of 13% to 15% Optimise BROADCAST Digitally transforming as we continue to attract commercial broadcast audiences of unparalleled scale Supercharge STREAMING Driving digital viewing and revenue through ITVX and Planet V, ITV's leading addressable advertising platform 2026 M&E TARGET Grow digital revenues to at least £750m across M&E ITV Studios - Strategic priorities and KPI targets Expanding UK and global productions is central to ITV's strategy. ITV Studios' ambition is to be a leading force in the creation and ownership of intellectual property (IP), global content production and distribution. We are achieving this by focusing on our four strategic priorities to drive revenue and profit growth. PRIORITIES WHY IT'S IMPORTANT FY 2026 TARGET FY 2024 WHAT IT DRIVES STUDIOS 1. Grow our scripted business To meet the growing global demand for scripted content, particularly from streaming platforms 400 high-end scripted hours per annum 296 hours (2023: 316 hours) Growth in total organic revenue of 5% on average per annum to 2026 2 which is ahead of the market Delivers adjusted EBITA 3 margins of 13% to 15% In 2024, total organic revenue declined 5% at an adjusted EBITA margin of 14.7% 2. Grow our global formats business To maximise international monetisation of high-value formats 20 formats sold in three or more countries 20 formats (2023: 19 formats) 3. Further diversify our customer base To capture the growth in content spend from local and global streaming platforms 30% of total revenues from streaming platforms 25% (2023: 32%) 4. Attract and retain leading talent Key to creative success of a studios business N/A N/A 2. Average annual growth rate from 2021 3. Refer to APMs for detail on our adjusted measures Media & Entertainment - Strategic priorities and KPI targets ITV's M&E strategy is based on two core pillars: Supercharge Streaming and Optimise Broadcast, with strategic priorities to drive growth in digital revenues and maintain strength in linear. PRIORITIES WHY IT'S IMPORTANT FY 2026 TARGET FY 2024 WHAT IT DRIVES STREAMING 1. Attract more monthly active users to ITVX ITV's reach is key to retaining and attracting advertisers Grow monthly active users to 20 million 14.3 million (2023: 12.5 million) Growth in digital revenues to at least £750 million by 2026 Revenues from linear TV advertising, commercial and creative partnerships, and sponsorship In 2024, total digital revenues were £556 million, up 12% year-on-year 2. Increase the time users spend on ITVX ITV's scale is key to retaining and attracting advertisers Grow total streaming hours to 2 billion hours 1,686 million hours (2023: 1,506 million hours) 3. Increase UK subscriber base Monetising ITV viewers who are willing to pay for ad-free and additional content Grow subscribers to 2.5 million 1.0 million (2023: 1.3 million) Broadcast 4. Maintain our strength in delivering mass linear audiences ITV's mass linear audiences remain very important to UK advertisers Maintain a share of at least 80% of the top 1,000 programmes 92% (2023: 91%) 5. Maintain ITV's position in UK broadcast market ITV's scale remains very important to UK advertisers Maintain a share of commercial viewing of 33% 32.2% (2023: 32.6%) Refer to our KPIs section further details of our KPIs and their performance year-on-year. Cost and Efficiency programme We continue to focus on reducing costs and driving efficiencies through our ongoing transformation and cost efficiency programme as we reprioritise our resource allocation to better align with our strategy and viewer dynamics. We delivered £60 million of savings in 2024 which is £10 million ahead of plan, and we have now completed our initial £150 million savings plan - one year early. Savings during the year were achieved through reductions in transmission costs, technology and operational efficiencies, organisational redesign across the business and simplifying ways of working. These savings have funded investments, increased margins and more than offset inflation in both businesses. In 2025, we expect £30 million of new savings which is a combination of new initiatives and the annualised benefits from 2024 savings. Regulation The Media Act 2024, which was passed into law in July 2024, updates the legal and regulatory framework for television, particularly how it is delivered online. This should help ensure that content from PSBs, including ITV, will be included and easily discoverable on all major streaming platforms, on fair commercial terms. We remain fully engaged with Ofcom and the Government throughout the processes necessary for its full implementation. In September 2024, the new Government confirmed its intention to implement advertising restrictions on less healthy foods (LHF) from October 2025. Advertising of LHF products will be restricted pre-9pm on Ofcom-regulated TV and streaming services, and at all times online. The Advertising Standards Authority (ASA) is currently consulting on how it intends to implement the forthcoming restrictions on LHF advertising, which may include restricting brand advertising in some circumstances. We will engage with the consultation. Our Social Purpose ITV aims to inspire positive change and shape culture for good through its linear TV channels ITVX, and its prominent position as a Public Service Broadcaster in the UK. Our social purpose is focused on four areas: Mental Wellbeing, Better Futures, Climate Action, and Diversity, Equity and Inclusion (DEI). In 2024, our Mental Wellbeing campaigns, which included the iconic Britain Get Talking, led to over 47 million people taking positive action for their mental health. World Wide Fund for Nature won our Head First award of £1 million of airtime to promote mental wellbeing in advertising with their campaign launched in Q4 2024. Within Better Futures, Soccer Aid for UNICEF surpassed an incredible milestone of over £100 million raised since it started. ITV is committed to integrating climate action within all areas of the business. We have championed new production methods to cut our emissions such as remote production and using electric vehicles on set. We are also driving change on-screen, embedding climate-related content across all genres. Our recently published Climate Transition Plan will guide our efforts to prioritise impactful climate actions while driving value for the business and our stakeholders. We continue to implement our global DEI strategy, championing diversity through our mainstream content, creating equitable opportunities at ITV and across the industry, and creating an inclusive culture at ITV. Our newly established Diversity Development Fund has led to the commissioning of programmes such as Romesh Ranganathan's Parents' Evening. Duty of Care ITV takes its responsibilities related to Duty of Care and Speaking Up very seriously, with significant focus from the Board and Executive Committee. We have robust and established processes in place to support the physical and mental health of everyone working for and with ITV, including those who help produce our shows and those who take part in them. We also provide confidential and anonymous channels through which concerns can be reported, and we ensure that we look into all complaints raised. In 2024, we continued to prioritise awareness and engagement with our Speaking Up programme. This included launching a dedicated Complaints Handling Unit and Framework. A review by Dr Paul Litchfield during the year concluded that we provide a very high level of duty of care to participants of our shows. Our Chief People Officer, Ade Rawcliffe, now chairs the Duty of Care Operating Board and we ensure the continuous evolution of our care practices. Duty of Care also remains a principal risk that the Board monitors regularly. Further details can be found in the Risks and Uncertainties section . Colleagues Over the 70 years of ITV's history, our people have been the bedrock of the business and fundamental to ITV's success. This remains true to this day, and I am incredibly grateful to all our colleagues for their hard work, resilience, and professionalism, particularly given the uncertainty in a rapidly changing environment, which has resulted in restructuring and a focus on efficiency and productivity. We've achieved a huge amount in 2024 in continuing to deliver our strategy effectively, and everyone should feel really proud of what we have accomplished together. Our Ambassador network has grown stronger and is a vital part of how the Board and I engage with our colleagues. During the year, we also ran a series of Roadshows across ITV globally, and I thoroughly enjoyed meeting many of our colleagues from all areas of the business. We recently launched 'Making What Matters' internally, which captures what sets us apart and makes ITV a special place to work. I am pleased that in our 2024 Pulse Engagement survey, 75% of colleagues who responded feel they belong at ITV. In 2025, we will continue to prioritise and invest in our colleagues by further driving a culture of open communication and collaboration, providing learning and development opportunities, and championing diversity and inclusion to ensure that ITV is a workplace where everyone feels welcome and respected. It is through our collective efforts that we will continue to execute our More Than TV strategy and ensure that ITV thrives in the industry for the next 70 years. Outlook We are really proud of the strategic progress we have made to date. We have transformed ITV from an analogue business to a successful digital business where we have built the capability and created an adaptable and agile culture while nurturing and growing our creative power. As we continue to grow ITV Studios and our digital revenues, ITV is becoming a more resilient business with production and digital now accounting for close to two-thirds of our revenue. This is underpinned by the powerful reach and strong cash generation of Broadcast. We see lots of opportunities for further organic growth, and with our significant competitive advantages and clear strategic pillars, we are in a really strong position to deliver profitable growth, strong cash generation and attractive returns to shareholders. Carolyn McCall Chief Executive Key Performance Indicators Our KPIs and related targets for 2026 align our performance and accountability with our strategic priorities. This is detailed further in the Strategy section of the Chief Executive's Statement. All KPIs are reported on a six ‑ month basis. The following are reported quarterly: ITV Studios total revenue growth, total digital revenue, total streaming hours, share of commercial viewing and share of top 1,000 commercial broadcast TV programmes. For further details on the performance of our KPIs, see the Operating and Financial Performance Review. ITV Group Adjusted EPS 1 Cost savings Profit to cash conversion 1 9.6p +23% on 2023 £190m cumulative savings since 2018 83% Adjusted EPS represents the adjusted profit after tax 1 attributable to each equity share in the year. It is an important measure as we aim to create long-term value for our shareholders. Performance Adjusted EPS increased by 23% from 7.8p to 9.6p. This was driven by year-on-year growth in total advertising revenue, combined with an increase in the EBITA 1 of ITV Studios and M&E, and significant cost savings across the Group. Cost savings are permanent savings to the business. Managing our cost base and mitigating the impact of inflation is key, as we aim to run our business as efficiently as possible, and fund investments in line with our strategic priorities. Performance We delivered £60 million of permanent efficiencies in 2024 and £190 million since 2018. The £60 million comprised £20 million of our initial £150 million plan - now fully completed - and £40 million of savings as part of our ongoing strategic restructuring and efficiency programme. We expect to deliver a further £30 million of non-content savings in 2025, which is a combination of new initiatives and annualised benefits from the 2024 savings. 2026 Target Deliver over £150 million of cumulative savings between 2018 and 2026. One of ITV's strengths is its cash generation. Profit to cash conversion serves as a key indicator in measuring our effectiveness in exercising tight management of working capital balances. It is calculated as our adjusted cash flow as a proportion of adjusted EBITA 1 . Performance Profit to cash conversion was 83% in the year. Working capital had a significant outflow year-on-year, driven by an increase in production inventories predominantly in the US following the actors' and writers' strike in 2023. 2026 Target Maintain at around 85%. Expand STUDIOS UK and global production ITV Studios total organic revenue growth 2 Total high ‑ end scripted hours % of ITV Studios total revenue from streaming platforms -5% on 2023 296 hrs -6% on 2023 25% -7 basis points on 2023 ITV Studios total organic revenue growth measures the scale and success of our global Studios business. It includes revenues from programmes sold to M&E, which as a vertically integrated producer, broadcaster and streamer, is an important part of our business. Performance Total organic revenue was down 5%, driven by the impact of the 2023 US writers' and actors' strikes, which delayed around £80 million of revenue from 2024 to 2025. This was combined with lower demand from free-to-air broadcasters in Europe and strong comparatives from the phasing of high-value deliveries year-on-year. Organic revenue excludes the impact of a £30 million unfavourable foreign exchange movement and £20 million of acquisitions and disposals in the year. 2026 Target Grow by 5% on average per annum (from 2021). Total high ‑ end scripted hours is an important measure in assessing the success of our strategic priority, to grow our scripted business. High ‑ end scripted hours include new commissions or returning franchises that have a higher cost per hour than continuing drama. Performance The number of high ‑ end scripted hours produced by ITV Studios decreased by 6% to 296 hours in 2024, driven by the impact from the US actors' and writers' strikes and strong comparatives from the phasing of high-value scripted deliveries year-on-year, particularly to streaming platforms in the UK and US. 2026 Target Grow to 400 hours. Over the medium term, the key driver of growth in the global content market is expected to be from streaming platforms. The percentage of ITV Studios total revenue from streaming platforms is an important measure of delivering its strategic priority of further diversifying its customer base and meeting its 2026 total organic revenue growth target. Performance The percentage of ITV Studios total revenue from streaming platforms declined to 25%, driven by the impact from the US actors' and writers' strikes and strong comparatives from the phasing of high-value deliveries in 2023, particularly in the UK and US. Offsetting some of this decline in 2024 were deliveries, such as Queer Eye and Missing You for Netflix, The Better Sister for Amazon Prime Video, and Virgin Island for Hulu. 2026 Target Grow to 30% of ITV Studios total revenue. 1. A full reconciliation between our adjusted and statutory results is provided in the APMs section 2. Our APMs are defined within the APMs section of this report. It also includes a full reconciliation between our adjusted and statutory results ITV Studios adjusted EBITA 2 margin % Number of formats sold in three or more countries 3 14.7% +1.5 basis points on 2023 20 formats +5% on 2023 This is the key profitability measure used across the ITV Studios business. The margin is calculated on ITV Studios total revenue. Performance ITV Studios adjusted EBITA margin was 14.7% (2023: 13.2%) and is at the high-end of our range. This reflects an increase in higher margin catalogue sales, the actions we have taken on cost, and £13 million impact of Audio-Visual Expenditure Credits (AVEC) during the year. 2026 Target Deliver in the 13% to 15% range. The Studios business is focused on maximising the international monetisation of high-value formats. A good measure of international success is when a format is commissioned in three or more countries in the year. Performance The number of formats sold in three or more countries was 20 and in line with our 2026 target. Recent formats that have sold in three or more countries include: Love Island, The Chase, and Hell's Kitchen. 2026 Target Grow to 20 formats. M&E SUPERCHARGE STREAMING Total digital revenue 4 Monthly active users (MAU) 6 £556m +12% on 2023 14.3m +14% on 2023 Total digital revenue comprises all revenue streams from our digital businesses, predominantly digital advertising. It is an important measure of the acceleration of our digital strategy as we supercharge streaming. Performance Total digital revenue grew 12% to £556 million. The growth was driven by digital advertising revenue, which was up 15%. This was marginally offset by the expected decline in subscription revenues. 2026 Target More than double (compared to 2021) to at least £750m. Attracting more monthly active users to ITVX is a key strategic priority. It increases reach, which is important to attract and retain advertisers and contributes to total digital revenue growth. Performance Monthly active users grew 14% to 14.3 million. As with total streaming hours, the growth in monthly active users has been driven by investment in the quality and scale of content on ITVX, the enhanced product and user experience, and the expanded distribution and marketing activity. 2026 Target Double (compared to 2021) to 20m. Total streaming hours 5 UK subscribers 7 1,686m hrs +12% on 2023 1.0m ‑ 23% on 2023 Increasing the time users spend streaming ITV content is a key strategic priority. It drives scale, which is important to attract and retain advertisers, and contributes to total digital revenue growth. Performance Total streaming hours increased 12% to 1,686 million hours. This growth reflects our high-quality content offering, along with our investment in ITVX to enhance the product and user experience, and to expand our distribution and marketing activity. This has helped retain and attract more users, who have watched content for longer. 2026 Target Double (compared to 2021) to 2bn hours. UK subscribers capture total UK subscriptions to ITV streaming platforms. It is a measure of the monetisation of ITV viewers, who are willing to pay for ad-free and additional content. With the changing market dynamics, we have prioritised our ad-funded proposition over our paid proposition to deliver the best return and drive digital revenues. Subscribers as a KPI are therefore less important. Performance Total UK subscribers as of 31 December 2024 was down 23% year-on-year, as we consolidated subscriptions from our standalone app, BritBox UK, into ITVX Premium. This was combined with the closing of the legacy ITV catch-up service on Amazon Prime Video Channels. 2026 Target Double (compared to 2021) to 2.5m. 2. Our APMs are defined within the APMs section of this report. It also includes a full reconciliation between our adjusted and statutory results 3. Spin-offs such as Love Island Games, are considered distinct from the original format (i.e. Love Island) for the purpose of this indicator 4. Total digital revenue includes revenue from digital advertising, subscriptions, linear addressable advertising, digital sponsorship and partnerships, ITV Win and any other revenues from digital business ventures. In addition, digital advertising revenue now includes previously omitted revenue streams such as commission from STV for ITV selling their video-on-demand inventory and social media advertising revenue, which qualify under the definition. The prior years have been restated to reflect the change in categorisation. Given the nature of digital revenue it will evolve over time. 2023 was previously reported as £490 million and 2022 as £411 million 5. Total streaming hours is the total number of hours viewers spent watching ITV across all streaming platforms, reported at a device level. This figure includes both ad-funded and subscription streaming. In 2023, full year results, total streaming hours were reported as 1,505 million hours, which included some estimates of total streaming viewing from third-party data providers. This figure has since been updated to reflect the final data 6. Monthly active users captures the average number of identifiable users throughout the period who accessed our owned, operated, and IP-delivered content and services each month 7. UK subscribers are users of ITVX's premium tier. It includes those who pay ITV directly, those who are paid for by an operator, and free trialists. Prior to the closure in 2024, it also included subscribers to the BritBox UK service on Amazon Prime Video Channels along with the BritBox UK standalone app. Before the launch of ITVX in December 2022, this also included ITV Hub+ subscriptions M&E OPTIMISE BROADCAST Share of top 1,000 commercial broadcast TV programmes 8 Share of commercial viewing 9 92% +1 basis point on 2023 32.2% -0.4 basis points on 2023 Maintaining our strength in delivering mass commercial linear TV audiences enables ITV to attract and retain advertisers and command a premium from them. Performance Our 2024 share was 92%, which was up 1% point year-on-year. 2024 included critically acclaimed dramas, such as Mr Bates vs The Post Office and Until I Kill You, entertainment formats, such as Love Island and The 1% Club, and sporting events, such as the Euros, which helped to maintain ITV's strong commercial mass audience proposition. 2026 Target Maintain a share of at least 80%. Maintaining ITV's number one position in the UK broadcast market helps us attract and retain advertisers, and is vital to maximising advertising revenues. Performance Share of commercial viewing decreased marginally by 0.4% points to 32.2%. Other commercial broadcasters took share in 2024 with more viewing to sport and drama in their schedules compared to the prior year. Target Maintain at 33%. 8. The share of top 1,000 commercial broadcast TV programmes is measured by BARB based on viewing figures. This includes TV viewing from transmission and seven days post-transmission on catch up, as well as six weeks prior to the transmission window. It excludes programmes with a duration of <ten minutes. This metric is calculated as a 12-month rolling average to normalise seasonal scheduling 9. Share of commercial viewing is the total viewing of audiences over the period achieved by ITV's family of channels as a proportion of all ad-supported commercial broadcaster viewing in the UK. ITV Family includes ITV, ITV2, ITV3, ITV4, ITVBe, CITV, ITV Breakfast, CITV Breakfast and associated 'HD' and '+1' channels. Note that CITV closed down and became a fully on demand service on ITVX in September 2023 Operating and financial performance review ITV made good strategic progress during 2024, driven by strong execution and industry-leading creativity. Group financial overview 1 ITV delivered a strong financial, operating and creative performance with an 11% increase in group adjusted EBITA 2 . ITV Studios delivered record profits, with an increase in the Media & Entertainment (M&E) margin. ITVX continued its strong revenue and viewing performance, delivering 15% growth in digital advertising revenue in the year. In 2024, total ITV revenue decreased by 3%, mainly driven by the expected decline in ITV Studios from the impact of the 2023 US writers' and actors' strike, a softer market from free-to-air broadcasters (FTA), and strong comparatives from high-value deliveries in 2023. This offset growth in TAR, which was up 2% year-on-year, in line with expectations. Total external revenue was down 4%. Both ITV Studios and M&E delivered improved margins year-on-year. ITV Studios adjusted EBITA, including Audio-Visual Expenditure Credits (AVEC), increased by 5% at a margin of 14.7%3. M&E adjusted EBITA increased by 22% reflecting the growth in TAR, lower content costs, and significant cost savings delivered across the Group. Financial highlights Twelve months to 31 December 2024 £m 2023 £m Change £m Change % ITV Studios 2,038 2,170 (132) (6) M&E 2,102 2,090 12 1 Total Revenue 4,140 4,260 (120) (3) Internal revenue (652) (636) (16) 3 Total External Revenue 3,488 3,624 (136) (4) Total non-advertising revenue 2,320 2,482 (162) (7) ITV Studios adjusted EBITA 2 299 286 13 5 M&E adjusted EBITA 250 205 45 22 Adjusted EBITA 549 491 58 12 Unrealised profit in stock adjustment (7) (2) (5) (250) Group adjusted EBITA 542 489 53 11 Group adjusted EBITA margin 16% 13% - 3% pts Statutory operating profit 318 238 80 34 Adjusted EPS (p) 9.6p 7.8p 1.8p 23 Statutory EPS (p) 10.4p 5.2p 5.2p 100 Net Debt at 31 December 431 553 (122) (22) Leverage 0.7x 1.0x (0.3)x Key financials Group external revenue £3,488m -4% vs 2023 Total ITV Studios revenue £2,038m -6% vs 2023 Total digital revenue £556m +12% vs 2023 Group adjusted EBITA £542m +11% vs 2023 Statutory operating profit £318m +34% vs 2023 Adjusted EPS 9.6p +23% vs 2023 Statutory EPS 10.4p +100% vs 2023 Net debt £431m 31 Dec 2023: £553m 1. We measure performance through a range of metrics, particularly through our APMs and KPIs, as well as statutory results, all of which are set out and defined in the APMs and KPIs section 2. Refer to APMs for key adjustments to EBITA and adjusted EBITA 3. ITV Studios adjusted EBITA includes a £13 million impact from the change in legislation on Audio-Visual Expenditure Credits (AVEC), effective on expenditure incurred from 1 January 2024. Expenditure credits on qualifying expenditure is included within operating profit rather than within the consolidated tax charge. As a result, our EBITA, adjusted EBITA, adjusted EBITA margin, profit before tax and tax charge increase, but profit after tax and EPS is unchanged, compared to the previous High-End TV accounting treatment. Excluding the impact of AVEC, ITV Studios adjusted EBITA was flat year-on-year and Group adjusted EBITA increased by 8% to £529 million We continue to transform and restructure the way we operate in response to changing viewer behaviour and reflecting the dynamics of the industry in which we operate. We are reshaping our cost base, enhancing profitability and investing in the growth drivers of ITV Studios and streaming. We have delivered £60 million of incremental in-year cost savings which have come from across the business, including technology and operational efficiencies, permanent reductions in discretionary spend, and organisational redesign. This comprises £20 million from our existing £150 million cost-saving target, which has now been fully delivered, and £40 million of additional savings as part of our ongoing transformation and efficiency programme, which we announced in March 2024 as we continue to digitally transform the business. Profit in stock of £7 million (2023: £2m) increased year-on-year reflecting the renewal of several multi-year deals between Global Partnerships and M&E for content on ITVX. Total operating exceptional items were £65 million (2023: £77 million) as guided. It includes £50 million of restructuring and transformation costs to reduce the cost base and deliver our new programme rights, finance and HR systems (see note 2.2 of the Financial information for further detail). Adjusted financing costs were down in the year at £25 million (2023: £29 million), largely due to interest received on the BritBox International sale proceeds, which were held on deposit during the year in a higher interest rate environment. This offset the financing costs attributable to our loans and bonds. Statutory net financing costs were £nil compared to £45 million in 2023, with the decline driven by the fair value gains on bonds that were repaid in the year, interest accrued on acquisition-related exceptional expenses, unrealised foreign exchange losses, imputed pension interest income and fair value adjustments on financial assets and acquisition-related put option liabilities. Our adjusted effective tax rate was 20.8% (2023: 21.5%) and the statutory effective tax rate was 22.1% (2023: (8.3)%). The higher statutory tax rate in the year was due to the change in the UK regime for tax credits on productions, which increased the effective tax rate. Adjusted EPS for the year was 9.6p (2023: 7.8p), with statutory EPS increasing from 5.2p to 10.4p. See the Finance Review for further detail. Our profit to cash conversion (which is an APM) was 83% (31 December 2023: 102%). In 2024, we had free cash flow of £325 million (31 December 2023: £361 million), reflecting a significant outflow of working capital as a result of the resumption of productions in the US following the strikes in 2023. In addition, our net debt at 31 December 2024 was £431 million (2023: £553 million) and our net debt to adjusted EBITDA was 0.7x (2023: 1.0x). Net debt includes net proceeds from the sale of BritBox International, which was funding the £235 million share buyback. Refer to the Finance Review for further detail. We have good access to liquidity. At 31 December 2024, we had cash and committed undrawn facilities totalling £1,377 million, including total cash of £427 million (2023: £1,240 million, including total cash of £340 million). During 2024, we extended the maturity profile of ITV's debt through the issuance of a €500 million Eurobond to June 2032. The proceeds were used to repay the £230 million term loan (maturing in 2027), and retire €240 million of the €600 million Eurobond (due in 2026). We have a clear capital allocation policy, and our priorities remain unchanged (see the Finance Review for further details). The Board recognises the importance of the ordinary dividend to ITV shareholders. Reflecting its confidence in the business and its strategy, as well as the continued strong cash generation and share buyback during 2024, the Board has proposed a final dividend of 3.3p (2023: 3.3p), giving a full year ordinary dividend of 5.0p per share for 2024 (2023: 5.0p). The Board remains committed to paying a full year ordinary dividend of at least 5.0p in 2025, which it expects to grow over the medium term. Following the sale of ITV's 50% shareholding in BritBox International to BBC Studios on 1 March 2024 for a cash consideration of £255 million, the Board returned the entire net proceeds to shareholders through a £235 million share buyback. At 31 December 2024, £198 million (270 million shares) had been bought back. We remain focused on managing our cash and costs while continuing to invest in delivering our strategic priorities. Our robust balance sheet allows us to do this while delivering returns to shareholders. A range of downside scenarios reflecting ITV's principal risks has been modelled and considered in the assessment of ITV's longer term viability, refer to the Long term Viability section. ITV Studios ITV Studios is a scaled and global creator, owner and distributor of high quality TV content, diversified by genre, geography and customer, with 60+ labels in 13 of the key creative markets around the world. ITV Studios benefits from scale, being the largest commercial producer in the UK, one of the largest unscripted producers in the US and one of the top three in the majority of the remaining international markets in which it operates. ITV Studios is a trusted supplier with well established relationships with key content buyers and leading creative talent in those markets. With a combined content library of over 95,000 hours, it is also one of the pre ‑ eminent global distributors. The global content market is large and attractive (c.$233 billion in 2024, Source: Ampere Analysis Feb 2025, ex film studios), with all platforms requiring a diverse mix of content to succeed in a very competitive market. While overall market growth has slowed compared to historical levels, we expect to see growth in the key segments in which ITV Studios operates, including content licensing (especially digital and FAST 4 channels), and continued demand from streaming platforms for unscripted content and premium scripted content. ITV Studios is well-positioned to capitalise on these growth opportunities, and we are confident in our ability to continue to grow our market share, benefiting from our significant competitive advantages. This includes the creative excellence of our talent, our strong IP, our strong track record and relationships with key buyers, and our exciting creative pipeline for 2025 and beyond. Since 2021, ITV Studios revenue on a like-for-like basis (excluding acquisitions and adjusting for FX) has grown by around 4.2% CAGR, faster than the market of around 3.4% CAGR (Source: Ampere Analysis Feb 2025 - based on the ITVS addressable market). 4. FAST = Free ad-supported streaming TV Expand Studios ITV Studios Strategy ITV Studios' ambition is to be a leading force in the creation and ownership of intellectual property (IP), global content production and distribution. We are achieving this by focusing on our four strategic priorities to drive revenue and profit growth: 1. Growing our scripted business to meet the growth in global demand 2. Growing our global formats business to maximise the monetisation of high ‑ value formats 3. Diversifying our customer base to capture the growth in content spend from local and global streaming platforms 4. All of which is underpinned by our ability to attract and retain leading creative talent. Each priority is underpinned by a KPI target for 2026, which reflects the key drivers of growth and value. See the Strategy section within the CEO Report for more details on our KPIs, why they are important, and how they will enable us to deliver total organic revenue growth of 5% on average per annum over the five years from 2021 to 2026 - ahead of the market, at an adjusted EBITA margin of 13% to 15%. Growing our scripted business Scripted content plays a key role in attracting and retaining viewers and subscribers. This, together with the increase in the number of streaming platforms, has led to a rise in original scripted commissions in the UK, US, Australia and Europe in recent years. With our global production presence and a strong track record for delivering high-quality scripted content, ITV Studios is well-positioned to cater to this demand, and importantly grow our share of the market. ITV has a portfolio of scripted labels in the UK and internationally, which creates and produces high-quality content with global appeal for both FTA and streaming platforms. Our Global Partnerships business also invests in the funding of scripted content produced by ITV Studios and selective third parties. We continue to see good momentum in our scripted pipeline into 2025 and beyond, with several scripted titles that performed well on their respective platforms being recommissioned. This includes: Rivals for Disney+, One Piece S2 and Suburra for Netflix, After The Flood for ITV and Ludwig for the BBC. In 2024, ITV Studios' high ‑ end scripted hours decreased by 6% year-on-year to 296 hours (2023: 316 hours), impacted by strong comparatives from the phasing of high-value scripted deliveries year-on-year, particularly to streaming platforms in the UK and US, as well as the US writers' and actors' strikes. Scripted deliveries of titles in 2023 such as Fool Me Once, Rivals, Franklin and Suburra, were partly offset by 2024 deliveries such as Lazarus, Sanctuary and The Better Sister. Growing our Global Formats business Unscripted content also remains important to ITV Studios. Through our Global Partnerships business, we monetise our portfolio of some of the world's most successful travelling entertainment formats, as well as maximise commercial opportunities from our brands. We are focused on driving growth across our unscripted offering by monetising our existing high ‑ value formats effectively, as well as supporting the creation of new global formats. Our portfolio of world ‑ class brands includes our established formats such as The Voice (one of the most successful unscripted format brands in the world), Love Island, The Chase, and I'm A Celebrity… Get Me Out Of Here! These formats and spin-offs continue to sell in new territories, and attract mass audiences for our clients. They are highly sought after by both traditional broadcasters and streaming platforms, offering cost-effective content with a proven track record of audience success. We also have several new formats with the potential to be global hits. These include I Kissed A Boy/Girl; Shark! Celebrity Infested Waters, A Party to Die For, and Celebrity Sabotage. During the year, across our Global Partnerships business, we sold 65 unique formats internationally (2023: 63), 20 of which were sold to three or more countries (2023: 19). Further diversifying our customer base Demand from streaming platforms for unscripted content and premium scripted content presents a significant opportunity for ITV Studios to further diversify its customer base, and continue to grow its overall market share. Over the last few years, ITV has grown its market share from streaming platforms, who we have built strong relationships with. Since 2021, and despite the decline in revenue in 2024, ITV Studios has grown its scripted and unscripted revenues from streaming platforms by 26% CAGR and 45% CAGR respectively, which is ahead of market growth of around 11% for both genres (Source: Ampere Analysis ex. film studios - Feb 2025). In 2024, the percentage of ITV Studios total revenues from streaming platforms decreased by seven percentage points to 25% (2023: 32%). This was impacted by the US actors' and writers' strikes, and strong comparatives from the delivery of high-value scripted and unscripted titles in 2023, particularly in the UK and US. This included Franklin, Physical and Big Beasts for Apple TV+, Fool Me Once for Netflix, and Fifteen Love for Amazon Prime Video. Offsetting some of this year-on-year decline were deliveries in 2024 of scripted and unscripted titles including: Queer Eye, Missing You and Love Is Blind France all for Netflix, The Better Sister and Lazarus for Amazon Prime Video and Virgin Island for Hulu. ITV Studios has a strong creative pipeline of scripted and unscripted titles for streaming platforms in 2025 and beyond, reflecting the trust they have in our creativity and the strength of our ideas. Future titles include: Squid Game: The Challenge S2, Sneaky Links: Dating After Dark, and Run Away all for Netflix; The Devil's Hour for Amazon Prime Video and Love Island Games USA for Peacock. 2024 PROGRAMME HIGHLIGHTS One of Netflix's most streamed titles ever Fool Me Once Biggest global launch for an Italian original ever Citadel Diana | Amazon Prime Video #1 Franchise of the year The Voice The BBC's biggest new scripted title of 2024 Ludwig #1 Reality series in the US across all streaming platforms Season 6 Love Island USA | Peacock Disney+'s breakout hit Rivals Digital Studio - Zoo 55 Our Global Partnerships business focuses on leveraging our extensive content library of 95,000+ hours, and maximising the value of ITV Studios IP. In early 2025, ITV Studios launched a new digital content label, Zoo 55, to drive high-margin growth from the global digital distribution market, as we distribute content to more platforms and audiences globally. This is a growing area of the content market, with the global online video advertising market expected to grow by nearly 50% by 2029. Zoo 55 will encapsulate our existing portfolio of 160+ owned and operated social video channels (e.g. YouTube, Meta and TikTok), which had over 25 billion views in 2024, 100+ ad-supported channels, and 20 branded and thematic FAST channels (e.g., Pluto and Roku) in 18 territories. We also have 18 active mobile games (e.g. Love Island and The Chase) where we license our IP to third-party games producers. Zoo 55 is also using digital innovation and AI to deliver data-backed content creation and automated clipping. Zoo 55 delivered around £60 million of high margin digital revenue in 2024, up c.30% year on year, and we expect to double this by the end of 2027, as we launch more channels and games in more territories. Attracting and retaining leading talent A key part of ITV Studios' investment strategy and its overall success is its ability to attract and retain the best creative talent. ITV Studios offers talent a unique combination of creative independence, an entrepreneurial culture, a label structure, and the resources of a global studio business. This includes access to ITV Studios' global distribution network, and in the UK, the benefit of being part of a vertically integrated producer broadcaster and streamer. ITV has successfully integrated its new labels, many of which were established through recent talent deals, delivering an impressive slate of programmes with many more commissions in development. Recent and upcoming include: Virgin Island, a co-production between ITV America and Plimsoll Productions in the UK; Fool Me Once, After The Flood and Run Away from Quay Street Productions; as well as Rivals from Happy Prince, and 113 from Windlight Pictures in Germany. This strong pipeline demonstrates ITV Studios' commitment and success in nurturing and leveraging top creative talent to produce engaging, high-quality content. We continuously manage our portfolio of labels to strengthen our creativity. During the year, we acquired the UK-based scripted independent studios, Hartswood Films, producer of Sherlock. We also acquired a majority stake in UK scripted producer Eagle Eye Drama, the producer of Professor T and Hotel Portofino. As part of the deal, ITV Studios also acquired a majority stake in Belgium-based production company Happy Duck Films, the production services partner on Eagle Eye's slate. In the US, ITV Studios sold back its minority shareholding in Blumhouse TV to Blumhouse Holdings. Blumhouse and ITV America continue their unscripted partnership delivering the series Worst Roommate Ever, which achieved success on Netflix and has secured a series spin-off. ITV Studios financial performance Twelve months to 31 December 2024 £m 2023 £m Change £m Change % Organic Change 1 % ITV Studios UK 2 868 962 (94) (10) (12) ITV Studios US 391 395 (4) (1) 2 ITV Studios International 380 445 (65) (15) (10) Global Partnerships 399 368 31 8 10 Total ITV Studios revenue 2 2,038 2,170 (132) (6) (5) Total ITV Studios costs (1,739) (1,884) 145 8 7 Total ITV Studios adjusted EBITA 3 299 286 13 5 5 ITV Studios adjusted EBITA margin 14.7% 13.2% - 1.5% pts - 1. The organic change assumes exchange rates remain consistent with the comparative period and removes the impact of acquisitions in the current or comparative period 2. Excluding the revenue benefit from the transfer of ITV Sports Production from M&E, effective from 1 January 2024, total ITV Studios revenue was down 9% and ITV Studios UK revenue was down 15% 3. ITV Studios adjusted EBITA also includes a £13 million impact from the change in legislation on AVEC. Excluding the impact of AVEC, ITV Studios adjusted EBITA was flat year-on-year with a 14% margin. Refer to Alternative Performance Measures for key adjustments to EBITA and adjusted EBITA Twelve months to 31 December 2024 £m 2023 £m Change £m Change % Internal revenue 646 629 17 3 External revenue 1,392 1,541 (149) (10) Total ITV Studios revenue 2,038 2,170 (132) (6) Twelve months to 31 December 2024 £m 2023 £m Change £m Change % Scripted 4 621 802 (181) (23) Unscripted 1,054 1,057 (3) - Core ITV 5 and Other 363 311 52 17 Total ITV Studios revenue 2,038 2,170 (132) (6) ITV Studios performed well, despite the expected difficult market backdrop in 2024. Total ITV Studios re

[truncated]