BETA Close X ITV plc has announced a share repurchase programme to reduce its share capital, with a maximum consideration of £100 million. The programme will commence on 31 July 2026 and conclude no later than 9 July 2027, with shares being purchased from Morgan Stanley on the London Stock Exchange. The maximum number of shares that can be purchased under the existing shareholder authority granted at the 2026 AGM is 386,000,000, with continuation after the 2027 AGM subject to renewed shareholder approval. Any shares purchased will be held in treasury. Disclaimer* ITV PLC 31 July 2026 31 July 2026 For immediate release ITV PLC Share Repurchase Programme ITV plc (" ITV " or the " Company ") today announces that it will commence a programme to purchase ordinary shares of 10 pence each in the capital of the Company (the " Shares ") up to a maximum consideration of £100 million (the " Programme "). The Company has entered into a non-discretionary instruction to Morgan Stanley & Co. International Plc (" Morgan Stanley ") in relation to the purchase by Morgan Stanley, acting as riskless principal, of Shares for an aggregate purchase price of no greater than £100 million and the on-sale of such Shares by Morgan Stanley to ITV. Purchases of Shares pursuant to the Programme will take place during a period starting on 31 July 2026 and ending no later than 9 July 2027 (the " Engagement Period "). Under the Programme ITV will purchase Shares from Morgan Stanley on the London Stock Exchange. Morgan Stanley may purchase Shares on the London Stock Exchange, the Aquis Stock Exchange and CBOE Europe. The purpose of the Programme is to reduce the share capital of ITV. Prior to the Company's Annual General Meeting to be held in 2027 (the " 2027 AGM "), the maximum number of ordinary shares which may be purchased by the Company under the Programme is 386,000,000 Shares, which is the maximum pursuant to the authority granted by shareholders at the Company's Annual General Meeting held on 7 May 2026 (the " 2026 AGM "). This existing authority to buy back shares granted at the 2026 AGM expires on the conclusion of the 2027 AGM (or, if earlier, 7 August 2027). The continuation of the Programme after the 2027 AGM is subject to purchases of Shares pursuant to the Programme remaining within the shareholder authority (if any) for the Company to purchase its Shares that is granted at the 2027 AGM. Any purchase of Shares undertaken in relation to this announcement will be carried out on the London Stock Exchange and Multilateral Trading Facilities, as defined by the Directive 2014/65/EU on markets in financial instruments (including the delegated and implementing acts adopted under it) as implemented, retained, amended, extended, re-enacted or otherwise given effect in the United Kingdom from 1 January 2021 and as amended or supplemented in the United Kingdom thereafter, and executed in accordance with the Listing Rules and ITV's general authority to make market purchases of Shares from time to time. The Shares will be purchased in accordance with the price and volume conditions set out in the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1052 of 8 March 2016 supplementing Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council with regard to regulatory technical standards for the conditions applicable to buyback programmes and stabilisation measures as implemented, retained, amended, extended, re-enacted or otherwise given effect in the United Kingdom from 1 January 2021 and as amended or supplemented in the United Kingdom thereafter. ITV will announce any market purchase of Shares pursuant to the Programme by no later than 4.30 p.m. on the seventh business day following the calendar day on which the purchase occurred. To the extent permitted by law, Shares purchased under the Programme will be held in treasury. Morgan Stanley may undertake transactions in Shares (which may include sales and hedging activities, in addition to purchases) in order to manage its market exposure under the Programme. Morgan Stanley will make any disclosures it is legally required to make in relation to such transactions. For further enquiries please contact: Investor Relations Pippa Foulds Faye Dipnarine +44 7778 031097 +44 20 7157 6581 Media Relations Paul Moore Laura Wootton +44 7860 794444 +44 7917 862293 This announcement does not constitute, or form part of, an offer or any solicitation of an offer for securities in any jurisdiction. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies ITV (ITV) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 4 minutes ago Ashoka India Equity Investment Trust 34 minutes ago STV Group 43 minutes ago Polar Capital Global Financials Trust 2 hours ago Telecom Plus 3 hours ago Georgina Energy plc All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and