ITV plc Annual Report and Accounts 2025
Making What 
Matters
Read more on our 
strategy on page 7
  THE VOICE is the world’s biggest 
entertainment format, with over  
150 adaptations globally.
  UNFORGOTTEN  is a critically acclaimed 
drama produced by Mainstreet Pictures 
(an ITV Studios label). It returned for  
a sixth series in 2025 and had over 
18 million streams on ITVX.
Our purpose is Making What Matters, 
entertaining and connecting with millions  
of people in the UK and globally, reflecting 
and shaping culture and building brands  
with brilliant content and creativity.
Our vision is to be a leader in UK advertiser 
funded streaming and a diversified and 
expanding global force in content.
Our More than TV strategy ensures  
that ITV is best placed to capitalise on  
the opportunities presented by the rapidly 
changing viewing, content production and 
advertising environments.
MATTERS
Making What
Optimise
BROADCAST
Expand
STUDIOS
Supercharge
STREAMING
  I’M A CELEBRITY... GET ME OUT OF HERE!  
is a BAFTA-winning reality format produced  
by Lifted Entertainment (an ITV Studios label). 
The 2025 series was one of the most-watched 
entertainment shows of the year in the UK.
Financial StatementsGovernance
Strategic ReportITV plc Annual Report and Accounts 2025
Read our Social Purpose Impact Report at: 
www.itvplc.com/social-purpose
Read our Pay Gap Report at: www.itvplc.
com/about-itv/corporate-governance
We maintain a corporate website 
containing our financial results and a wide 
range of information of interest to all 
stakeholders, including institutional and 
private investors: www.itvplc.com
Strategic Report
The Strategic Report is prepared in line with the 
relevant provisions of the Companies Act 2006  
and the 2024 Corporate Governance Code and the 
Company has had regard to the guidance issued by 
the Financial Reporting Council. It is intended to 
provide shareholders and other stakeholders with a 
better understanding of the Company, its position in 
the markets in which it operates, and its prospects.
Forward-looking statements
This Annual Report contains certain statements  
that are or may be forward looking statements.  
Words such as ‘targets’, ‘expects’, ‘aim’, ‘anticipate’, 
‘intend’, or the negative of these terms and other similar 
expressions of future performance or results, and their 
negatives, are intended to identify such forward-looking 
statements. These forward-looking statements are 
based upon current expectations and assumptions 
regarding anticipated developments and other factors 
affecting ITV. Although ITV believes that the 
expectations reflected in these forward-looking 
statements are reasonable, it can give no assurance that 
these expectations will prove to have been correct. By 
their nature, forward-looking statements involve risk 
and uncertainty because they relate to events and 
depend on circumstances that will occur in the future. 
They are not historical facts, nor are they guarantees 
of future performance; actual results may differ 
materially from those expressed or implied by these 
forward-looking statements. There are a number of 
factors that could cause actual results and 
developments to differ materially from those expressed 
or implied by such forward looking statements. Such 
factors include, but are not limited to, those discussed in 
our Risks and Uncertainties section.
Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date 
they are made and, except as required by applicable 
law or regulation, ITV undertakes no obligation to 
publicly update or revise any forward-looking 
statements, whether as a result of new information, 
future events or otherwise. Nothing in this report 
should be construed as a profit forecast.
Alternative performance measures
We use both statutory and adjusted measures 
in our Strategic Report. The latter, in the Board  
and management’s view, reflects the underlying 
performance of the business and provides a more 
meaningful comparison of how the business is 
managed and measured day-to-day. A full 
reconciliation between our statutory and adjusted 
results is provided in our Alternative Performance 
Measures section. Our KPIs (which are based on 
adjusted metrics) are set out in the KPIs section
Strategic Report
Key Financials 1
An Introduction to ITV and its  2 
Business Model
Investor Proposition 4
Chair’s Statement 5
Market Review 6
Chief Executive’s Statement  7  
(incl. Strategy)
Key Performance Indicators 12
Operating and Financial  16 
Performance Review
Social Purpose 28
Our People 32
Alternative Performance Measures 33
Finance Review 36
Non-Financial and Sustainability 42 
Information Statement
Risks and Uncertainties Disclosure 43
Climate-Related Financial Disclosures 48
Long-term Viability  52 
Statement Disclosure
Governance
Chair’s Governance Statement   55
Board of Directors 57
Group Executive Committee 60
Corporate Governance 61
Stakeholder Engagement  64 
and Decision Making
Engaging With Our Workforce 73
Values in Action 75
Board Performance Review 79
Nominations Committee Report 81
Audit and Risk Committee Report 84
Remuneration Report 95
Directors’ Report 114
Financial Statements
Financial Statements  119
Independent Auditor’s Report 120
Primary Statements 126
Notes to the Financial Statements 131
ITV plc Company Financial Statements 181
Subsidiary Undertakings and  190 
Investments
Additional Information
Glossary 195
CONTENTS FURTHER READING
Group external revenue 
£3,511m
+1% (2024: £3,488m)
Statutory operating profit 
£363m
+14% (2024: £318m)
Total ITV Studios revenue 
£2,130m
+5% (2024: £2,038m)
Cost savings
£63m
(2024: £60m)
Total digital revenue 
£614m
+10% (2024: £556m)
Net debt
£566m
(2024: £431m)
Group adjusted EBITA 
£534m
-1% (2024: £542m)
Profit to cash conversion
65%
(2024: 83%)
Adjusted EPS
8.5p
-11% (2024: 9.6p)
Leverage 
1.0x
(2024: 0.7x)
Statutory EPS
5.9p
-43% (2024: 10.4p)
Dividend
5.0p
(2024: 5.0p)
2025 HIGHLIGHTS
Key Financials
1
ITV plc Annual Report and Accounts 2025 Strategic ReportGovernance Financial Statements
An Introduction to ITV and its Business Model
1. A full reconciliation between our adjusted and statutory numbers is included in our 
APMs section
2. Includes £614 million of M&E digital revenues (2024: £556 million)
3. Group Adjusted EBITA includes £3 million related to unrealised profit in stock 
adjustments (2024: £(7) million)
ITV Studios
ITV Studios is a scaled global creator, owner and distributor 
of high-quality TV content, producing some of the most 
successful shows in the world. It operates in 13 countries, 
across 60+ labels and is diversified by genre, geography and 
customer in the key creative markets around the world. 
ITV Studios is the largest producer in the UK, one of the 
world’s largest studio groups, and a key player in the markets 
in which it operates. ITV Studios is a trusted supplier with 
well-established relationships with major content buyers and 
leading creative talent. With a high-quality content library of 
over 100,000 hours and a digital distribution network through 
Zoo 55, ITV Studios’ digital label, it is also one of the pre-
eminent global distributors of content.
Media & Entertainment 
ITV is the UK’s largest commercial streamer and broadcaster. 
Through M&E, we make brilliant British-focused content 
available on ITVX – our free, advertiser-funded streaming 
service – alongside our free-to-air linear TV channels and 
third-party partners, allowing viewers to watch whenever  
and wherever they choose.
For advertisers, ITV offers a compelling combination of  
mass audience reach, targeted advertising, and innovative 
commercial and creative partnerships, all delivered in a 
brand-safe, reliably measured environment across ITVX  
and our linear TV channels. We further extend this scale  
and reach by offering digital advertising around our  
content, and partner content on YouTube.
ITV is a producer, streamer and broadcaster, consisting  
of ITV Studios and Media & Entertainment (M&E).
Refer to the KPIs and Operating and Financial Performance Review 
sections for further details on our divisions
59% 
of revenue generated 
outside the UK 
(2024: 59%)
20 
formats sold in  
3+ countries 
(2024: 20)
16.5m 
monthly active users 
(2024: 14.7m)
2,304m
total streaming hours
(2024: 1,980m)
28% 
total revenue from 
streamers 
(2024: 25%)
32% 
of revenue from  
scripted productions 
(2024: 30%)
91%
of the top 1,000 
commercial broadcast  
TV programmes
(2024: 92%)
31.7%
share of commercial 
viewing 
(2024: 32.2%)
 ITV Studios £2,130m (2024: £2,038m)
 M&E 2 £1,991m (2024: £2,102m)
 ITV Studios £297m (2024: £299m)
 M&E £234m (2024: £250m)
ITV TOTAL REVENUE1 
ITV GROUP ADJUSTED EBITA3 
OUR DIVISIONS
2
ITV plc Annual Report and Accounts 2025
Strategic ReportGovernance Financial Statements
OUR STRATEGIC ASSETS AND  
COMPETITIVE ADVANTAGES
OUR DIVERSIFIED REVENUE STREAMS OUR RISK MANAGEMENT FRAMEWORK
ITV’s business model is built upon a unique set of 
strategic assets and competitive advantages, based 
on our ability to create, own, manage, and distribute 
the rights to our content. 
GROUP
 • Producer, broadcaster and streamer model creates  
valuable synergies
 • Strong, trusted brand, products and culture
 • A high-performing, agile, creative and diverse workforce
ITV STUDIOS
 • World-class talent producing some of the most successful shows around 
the world
 • Scaled and diversified global studios creating strong platform for growth
 • Unique and valuable library and Zoo 55, ITV Studios’ digital label, enabling 
ITV to maximise the monetisation of intellectual property (IP) globally 
 • Deep, established relationships with the world’s largest content buyers
 • Focuses on the key growth segments of the content market – premium 
scripted and unscripted content for global streamers, and global content 
licensing and distribution, particularly for digital platforms
 • Attractive and resilient business model delivering high-quality earnings 
MEDIA & ENTERTAINMENT
 • Commercial leader 
 • Compelling commercial proposition with strong relationships with 
advertisers and partners
 • Leading digital platforms in ITVX and Planet V, the UK’s second-largest 
programmatic targeted addressable platform
 • Strong data capabilities with one of the largest first-party datasets  
in the UK
 • Trusted brand with a strong content offering across ITVX and our linear  
TV channels
 • Cost discipline, agility and highly cash-generative
By leveraging our strategic assets and competitive 
advantages to maximise the value of our IP across  
ITV Studios, Streaming and Broadcast, we are able  
to grow our diversified revenue streams and create 
value for our shareholders.
ITV STUDIOS
 • ORIGINAL PRODUCTION  — We create and produce original scripted and 
unscripted content commissions for a diverse customer base, including all 
major networks, streaming platforms and broadcasters across our global 
production bases
 • FORMATS  — We create some of the world’s most successful unscripted 
formats, which we license globally to maximise the value from our 
programme rights
 • DISTRIBUTION — We license the rights to our extensive program  
library to broadcasters and streaming platforms through our global 
distribution network 
 • DIGITAL — Through Zoo 55, our digital label, we monetise our ITV Studios 
brands and 100,000+ hours of content across digital platforms globally, 
including social video (e.g. YouTube, Meta and TikTok), FAST4 channels,  
and gaming
MEDIA & ENTERTAINMENT
 • ADVERTISING  — ITVX and our free-to-air linear TV channels drive 
significant advertising revenues, due to our ability to deliver mass 
audiences and targeted advertising across our portfolio  
of channels 
 • ADVERTISING PARTNERSHIPS  — Through strategic partnerships,  
we sell advertising inventory around all our content and partner content, 
e.g. Banijay, on YouTube
 • COMMERCIAL AND CREATIVE PARTNERSHIPS — We leverage the 
power of our brands to offer advertisers unique and innovative ways to 
engage audiences. This includes sponsorship, product placement, and 
advertiser-funded programming across ITVX and our linear TV channels
 • SUBSCRIPTION, COMPETITIONS AND THIRD-PARTY REVENUES  
We generate streaming subscription revenue (ITVX Premium), monetise 
our consumer interactions through competitions, and receive revenue 
from third-party platforms for carrying our channels
4. Free Ad-supported Streaming Television (FAST)
ITV operates in an increasingly complex business 
environment, and our risk management framework 
provides the business with the tools to continually 
identify, assess, and manage our risks. This enables 
the Board and the business to strike the right balance 
between risk-taking and mitigation, ensuring 
underlying strategic risks are managed for the 
successful delivery of our strategy.
Our business model enables us to create value for all our key stakeholders. 
This includes our customers, viewers and subscribers, partners, citizens, 
shareholders, debt providers and analysts, legislators and regulators, as 
well as our colleagues, programme participants and everyone we work 
with. See our Stakeholder Engagement section for further details on 
ITV’s key stakeholders and how we engage with them.
See our Risks and Uncertainties section for further details on ITV’s 
Risk Management Framework
ITV plc Annual Report and Accounts 2025 Strategic Report
Governance Financial Statements 3
An introduction to ITV and its business model continued
Operating and Financial Performance Review on page 16
Finance Review on page 36
Our More than TV strategy on page 7 
KPIs on page 12
For further details, refer to the following sections:
Investor Proposition
Reasons 
 to INVEST 1 2
ITV is creating value for shareholders 
through our two resilient and attractive 
businesses – ITV Studios and M&E
Attractive growth in ITV Studios driven 
by its world-class talent, global scale,  
and unique IP library
Fast-growing digital advertising 
revenues through ITVX and Planet V,  
and new digital opportunities 
3 4 5
Leader in UK TV advertising delivering 
mass commercial audiences, which are 
valuable to advertisers
Ongoing strategic cost management 
supporting operating margins across the 
business and funding investment in our 
key strategic priorities
Strong cash generation underpinned  
by a disciplined value creation strategy, 
delivering attractive returns to 
shareholders
4
ITV plc Annual Report and Accounts 2025
Strategic ReportGovernance Financial Statements
Through the years ITV has kept moving forward  
by holding true to its purpose of ‘Making What 
Matters’…staying relevant, informing opinion  
and winning hearts through the brilliance of its 
creative output.
In recent years the pace of change in the industry 
has accelerated and the competitive environment 
is more complex than it’s ever been. But ITV 
remains a powerhouse of British broadcasting  
and streaming, as well as a scaled global content 
producer. Every year the programmes made by 
ITV Studios are watched by tens of millions of 
people in 190 countries. Our coverage of 
International sporting events continues to draw 
huge UK audiences. Love Island has redefined an 
entire genre. Since 2019 we have encouraged over 
300 million actions from our viewers to support 
mental health. Soccer Aid for UNICEF has now 
raised over £120 million. And Mr Bates and the 
Post Office became a global hit and led to 
immediate action being taken by the UK 
Government to tackle the historic victimisation 
and ill treatment of hundreds of wrongly accused 
sub postmasters across Britain. This is ‘Making 
What Matters’. 
As the dynamics of our industry rapidly evolve, we 
are evolving with them. We have invested heavily 
in our people and technology to keep us in step 
with the tremendous changes we are seeing in the 
media and entertainment world. Collaboration 
and partnerships are an increasingly important 
part of our commercial strategy. These increase 
the efficiency of our business and enable us to 
leverage the investments we are making. We are 
reaching new audiences and attracting new 
advertisers through closer relationships with 
the likes of Disney and YouTube while the launch 
of our digital studios brand, Zoo 55, is allowing us  
to better commercialise our current and historic 
catalogue with platforms like Meta and Tik Tok. 
We delivered a solid performance in 2025 in a 
challenging market and for the first time, two-
thirds of our total revenues came from ITV Studios 
and our M&E digital business. Total external 
revenues were up 1% driven by 10% growth in 
external Studios revenues and 10% growth in 
digital revenues, which offset the decline in linear 
advertising revenue. Group adjusted EBITA was 
down 1%, while adjusted EPS was down 11% 
reflecting higher adjusted financing costs and 
effective tax rate than in prior year. We generated 
£187 million pounds of free cash in the year. 
While we successfully adapt to the changing 
market and compete effectively, we continuously 
assess all options to create the greatest value for 
shareholders. In November 2025 we confirmed 
that we are in preliminary discussions regarding 
a possible sale of our M&E business to Sky. There 
can be no certainty whether any transaction will 
take place and a further announcement will be 
made in due course.
In February 2025 Salman Amin stepped down from 
the Board after eight years. Salman was a much 
respected member of the Board and made an 
important contribution to the development of our 
strategy. We wish him well in his retirement. Helen 
Ashton joined the ITV Board in May. Helen is a 
highly experienced Director with a broad financial 
and general management background within fast 
paced, customer facing businesses. Helen sits on 
the Audit and Risk Committee and has made a 
great impact since arriving. 
During the year, we acquired Moonage Pictures 
and Plano a Plano, two production companies 
with brilliant records of creative success gained 
over many years. We are delighted to welcome 
them to the ITV family.
The Board has proposed a final ordinary dividend 
of 3.3p per share, taking the full year dividend to 
5.0p, in line with 2024.
Over the last three years the management team 
has undertaken a wide ranging restructuring of 
the Group to reduce our operating costs and 
create funds for investment. This has been often 
challenging and sensitive work. On behalf of the 
Board, I would like to pay tribute to the efforts  
of the team who have led this difficult but 
necessary programme of change. At the same 
time I would like to thank all colleagues for their 
tireless contribution and determination during 
difficult times. 
Andrew Cosslett  
Chair of the Board
Chair’s Statement
During 2025 we celebrated ITV’s 70th birthday and reflected on seven 
decades of constant change and progress. From black and white to 
colour, analogue to digital, and a world in which we were one of only  
a few viewing options to one today where we are one of many.
ITV remains a 
powerhouse of  
British broadcasting  
and streaming, as well 
as a scaled global 
content producer. 
Andrew Cosslett 
Chair of the Board
5
ITV plc Annual Report and Accounts 2025 Strategic ReportGovernance Financial Statements
Market Review
The competitive markets in which ITV operates continue to evolve at pace. High-quality, premium content remains essential for platforms  
to attract and engage audiences. Ongoing shifts in viewing habits, user-generated content, significant consolidation among content makers 
and buyers, and increased advertising competition present both opportunities and challenges for ITV.
Key Expand Studios globally S Supercharge Streaming Optimise Broadcast
Trend 1: Global demand for content
The global content market remains large and attractive, defined by  
a diverse mix of content and customers in a competitive landscape.  
The value of premium content is demonstrated by recent consolidation  
of large-scale US studios, highlighting the intrinsic value placed on content 
libraries, IP, and production capabilities.
In 2025, the content market was up 1% year-on-year. Lower spend  
from free-to-air broadcasters, particularly in Europe amid a challenging 
macroeconomic environment, was offset by growth from global streaming 
and advertiser-funded video on demand platforms (AVOD) – a segment 
seeing rapid expansion from platforms like YouTube.
While market growth has slowed compared to historical levels, we expect 
continued growth in the key segments in which ITV Studios operates. This 
includes content licensing, particularly to digital and FAST channels, and 
sustained demand from streaming platforms for high-quality scripted  
and unscripted content. 
Trend 2: Changes in viewing habits
Over the last few years, average daily video viewing across broadcast, 
streaming and video-sharing platforms has remained relatively stable  
at c.4 hours. However, the allocation of this time has changed rapidly as 
growth in viewing to digital platforms has offset a significant decline in  
linear TV viewing. Despite this shift, TV remains central to in-home 
consumption, with over 50% of UK viewing still being live on a TV set  
(Source: BARB, All individuals).
The viewing landscape is highly fragmented, offering viewers unparalleled 
flexibility and content choice across broadcasters, global streaming platforms, 
and video-sharing services, including those with user-generated content. Viewers 
can curate personalised experiences across multiple platforms and choose to 
‘binge’ multiple episodes or a full series quickly, alongside a second screen for 
social engagement. 
However, expanded choice also means audiences must navigate a plethora 
of content, placing a premium on high-quality programming and platforms 
with better personalisation and more intuitive user interfaces.
Trend 3: The UK advertising market
The UK advertising market was worth c.£44 billion in 2025, up 7% year-on-
year (2024: +11%, 2023: +12%). This was driven by online (digital) advertising, 
which grew by 9% in 2025 (2024: +13%, 2023: +19%) to account for c.80% of 
total advertising spend. TV advertising represents c.12% of the market and 
declined by 1% in 2025, following 4% growth in 2024 and a 7% decline in 2023.
(Source: AA WARC Q3 2025 report – excl. Direct Mail).
Overall growth varies by advertising medium. In Q4 2025, all advertising was 
impacted by macroeconomic uncertainty in the lead-up to the UK Budget.
Restrictions on less healthy food advertising came into effect on 5 January 
2026. UK broadcasters and advertisers voluntarily implemented these 
restrictions from 1 October 2025, in line with a pan-industry commitment.
Competition in the advertising market has intensified as the proliferation  
of FAST channels, the adoption of ad-supported tiers by global streamers, 
and the continued scale of video-sharing platforms such as YouTube have 
significantly increased commercial inventory. The 2026 AA WARC forecast 
expects further market growth driven by online, with TV advertising expected 
to return to mid-single digit growth. 
Size of global content market in 2025
$235 billion
2024 final data: $233 billion  
(Source: Ampere Analysis: Feb 2026 – excl. spend from film studios) 
Average viewing time per person per day
4 hours 6 mins
2024: 4 hours 16 mins  
(Source: BARB, 16+)
2025 UK advertising market
£44 billion
2024 final data: £42 billion  
(Source: AA WARC Q3 2025 – excl. spend on Direct Mail)
How we are responding
As a global studio creating, owning, and distributing high-quality IP, ITV 
Studios is strategically positioned to capitalise on market opportunities  
and grow market share by leveraging its competitive advantages.
Creative excellence underpins the business, attracting and retaining  
leading talent to produce world-class content. ITV Studios maintains  
strong relationships with key buyers globally and has an exciting creative 
pipeline for 2026 and beyond.
ITV Studios is diversifying its customer base by capturing growth in the 
expanding market segments. This includes maximising the value of its 
unique library of IP through Zoo 55, our digital label which curates and 
distributes content across AVOD and social video platforms globally. 
A culture of agility and cost discipline is embedded within ITV Studios.  
This provides flexibility to navigate market shifts and underpins its ability  
to deliver attractive margins.
How we are responding
As the UK’s largest commercial streamer and broadcaster, we offer  
viewers flexibility to watch our content whenever and however they wish. 
ITVX has c.26,000 hours of free content curated to attract commercially 
valuable audiences. To ensure maximum engagement and retention, we 
continuously invest in optimising the user journey and platform experience. 
In 2026, we will invest around £1.2 billion in high-quality, trusted content 
across a range of genres. This drives both video on demand and live viewing 
on ITVX, alongside mass audiences on our linear TV channels. Live viewing 
remains a core focus, as ITV attracts more large-scale commercial 
audiences than any other UK broadcaster or streaming platform.
We are also extending our reach to younger viewers through recent strategic 
partnerships with YouTube and Disney+. These distribute our content to new 
segments of the fragmented market, capturing audiences who might not 
otherwise engage with ITV. 
 
How we are responding
ITV maintains a clear competitive advantage in the UK advertising market, 
offering advertisers a unique combination of mass audience reach, targeted 
advertising at scale through Planet V, and commercial and creative partnerships, 
all in a brand-safe environment. These factors, coupled with our deep advertiser 
and agency relationships, remain important.
ITVX delivers scale and breadth of digital audiences, provides the inventory 
for Planet V, and underpins our ability to capture online video advertising 
budgets and grow market share. We are actively expanding our digital 
revenue streams with ITV Commercial selling advertising around premium 
ITV and partner content (e.g. Banijay) on YouTube. Furthermore, our new 
small and medium-sized enterprise strategy (SME) enables these 
businesses to access TV and digital advertising more efficiently.
ITV’s linear TV channels remain a cost-efficient and vital part of marketing 
campaigns, providing audience scale and mass reach that complements  
our targeted digital offering.
Link to risk: 1 Link to strategy: Link to risk: 3 Link to strategy: S  Link to risk: 2 Link to strategy: S  
For further detail on how our strategy enables us to navigate these market dynamics, refer to the CEO’s 
Statement, the Operating and Financial Performance Review, and the Risks & Uncertainties section.
6
ITV plc Annual Report and Accounts 2025Governance Financial Statements
Strategic Report
Carolyn McCall 
Chief Executive
Now, with a strong digital platform, ITV has 
successfully capitalised on growth opportunities, 
delivered resilient profits and generated good 
levels of cash. ITV has also achieved a key strategic 
target, with two-thirds of revenue now coming from 
ITV Studios and M&E’s digital business.
Financial highlights
Group total external revenue was up 1%, and 
Group total revenue was flat, a good outcome 
given a 5% decline in total advertising revenue 
(TAR), compared with a strong advertising 
performance in 2024 due to the Men’s Euros. 
5% growth in ITV Studios’ total revenues and  
10% growth in digital revenues offset the linear 
advertising decline, demonstrating the 
effectiveness of the More than TV strategy.
ITV Studios delivered a strong performance driven 
by 10% growth in external revenue with significant 
deliveries to global streaming platforms. We also 
saw double-digit growth in Zoo 55 revenue, 
maximising the value of the high-quality content 
library thr

---

onsolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income 126 
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position 127 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity 128 
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 130 
Section 1: Basis of Preparation 131 
Section 2: Results for the Year 134 
2.1 Profit before tax 134 
2.2 Exceptional items 139 
2.3 Taxation 140 
2.4 Earnings per share 143 
Section 3: Operating Assets and Liabilities 145 
3.1 Working capital 145 
3.2 Property, plant and equipment 149 
3.3 Intangible assets 150 
3.4 Acquisitions 154 
3.5 Disposal of associates, joint ventures and subsidiary undertakings 155 
3.6 Investments 156 
3.7 Provisions 156 
3.8 Pensions 157 
Section 4: Capital Structure and Financing Costs 164 
4.1 Net debt 164 
4.2 Borrowings 165 
4.3 Managing market risks: derivative financial instruments 167 
4.4 Net financing costs 173 
4.5 Fair value hierarchy 173 
4.6 Lease liabilities 175 
4.7 Equity 175 
4.8 Share-based compensation 177 
Section 5: Other Notes 179 
5.1 Related party transactions 179 
5.2 Contingent assets and liabilities 179 
5.3 Subsequent events 179 
5.4 Subsidiaries exempt from audit 180 
ITV plc Company Financial Statements 181 
Notes to the ITV plc Company Financial Statements 182 
 
ITV plc Annual Report and Accounts 2025
119
Financial StatementsStrategic Report Governance
120 
 
Independent Auditors’ Report to the members of ITV plc  
 
REPORT ON THE AUDIT OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
Opinion 
In our opinion: 
 ITV plc’s Group financial statements and Company financial statements (the “financial 
statements”) give a true and fair view of the state of the Group’s and of the Company’s affairs as 
at 31 December 2025 and of the Group’s profit and the Group’s cash flows for the year then ended 
 the Group financial statements have been properly prepared in accordance with UK-adopted 
international accounting standards as applied in accordance with the provisions of the 
Companies Act 2006 
 the Company financial statements have been properly prepared in accordance with United 
Kingdom Generally Accepted Accounting Practice (United Kingdom Accounting Standards, 
including FRS 101 “Reduced Disclosure Framework”, and applicable law) and 
 the financial statements have been prepared in accordance with the requirements of the 
Companies Act 2006 
We have audited the financial statements, included within the Annual Report and Accounts 2025  
(the “Annual Report”), which comprise: 
 the Consolidated and Company Statements of Financial Position as at 31 December 2025 
 the Consolidated Income Statement for the year then ended 
 the Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income for the year then ended 
 the Consolidated and Company Statements of Changes in Equity for the year then ended 
 the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows for the year then ended and 
 the Notes to the financial statements, comprising material accounting policy information and 
other explanatory information 
Our opinion is consistent with our reporting to the Audit and Risk Committee. 
Basis for opinion 
We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (UK) (“ISAs (UK)”) 
and applicable law. Our responsibilities under ISAs (UK) are further described in the Auditors’ 
responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements section of our report. We believe that the 
audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. 
Independence 
We remained independent of the Group in accordance with the ethical requirements that are 
relevant to our audit of the financial statements in the UK, which includes the FRC’s Ethical 
Standard, as applicable to listed public interest entities, and we have fulfilled our other ethical 
responsibilities in accordance with these requirements. 
To the best of our knowledge and belief, we declare that non-audit services prohibited by the FRC’s 
Ethical Standard were not provided. 
Other than those disclosed in Note 2.1 'Profit Before Tax', we have provided no non-audit services to 
the Company or its controlled undertakings in the period under audit. 
Our audit approach 
Overview 
Audit scope 
 We performed full scope audit procedures over six components, covering five components in the 
UK and one in the USA 
 Additionally, we performed audit procedures over one additional balance in one component 
 Taken together, the entities over which audit work was performed accounted for 77% of the 
Group’s external revenue and 82% of the Group’s absolute adjusted profit before tax 
Key audit matters 
 Valuation of gross defined benefit pension scheme obligations (Group) 
 Valuation of complex pension scheme assets (Group) 
 Presentation of exceptional items (Group) 
 Accuracy of the Group restructuring and recoverability of Investments in subsidiary undertakings 
(Company) 
Materiality 
 Overall Group materiality: £22.0 million (2024: £23.5 million) based on 5% of profit before tax 
adjusted to exclude operating exceptional items 
 Overall Company materiality: £59.3 million (2024: £71.0 million) based on 1% of the Company’s 
total assets. 
 Performance materiality: £16.5 million (2024: £17.5 million) (Group) and £44.5 million 
(2024: £52.3 million) (Company) 
The scope of our audit 
As part of designing our audit, we determined materiality and assessed the risks of material 
misstatement in the financial statements. 
Key audit matters 
Key audit matters are those matters that, in the auditors’ professional judgement, were of most 
significance in the audit of the financial statements of the current period and include the most 
significant assessed risks of material misstatement (whether or not due to fraud) identified by the 
auditors, including those which had the greatest effect on: the overall audit strategy; the allocation 
of resources in the audit; and directing the efforts of the engagement team. These matters, and any 
comments we make on the results of our procedures thereon, were addressed in the context of our 
audit of the financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not 
provide a separate opinion on these matters. 
This is

---

tement of Comprehensive Income for the year then ended 
 the Consolidated and Company Statements of Changes in Equity for the year then ended 
 the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows for the year then ended and 
 the Notes to the financial statements, comprising material accounting policy information and 
other explanatory information 
Our opinion is consistent with our reporting to the Audit and Risk Committee. 
Basis for opinion 
We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (UK) (“ISAs (UK)”) 
and applicable law. Our responsibilities under ISAs (UK) are further described in the Auditors’ 
responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements section of our report. We believe that the 
audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. 
Independence 
We remained independent of the Group in accordance with the ethical requirements that are 
relevant to our audit of the financial statements in the UK, which includes the FRC’s Ethical 
Standard, as applicable to listed public interest entities, and we have fulfilled our other ethical 
responsibilities in accordance with these requirements. 
To the best of our knowledge and belief, we declare that non-audit services prohibited by the FRC’s 
Ethical Standard were not provided. 
Other than those disclosed in Note 2.1 'Profit Before Tax', we have provided no non-audit services to 
the Company or its controlled undertakings in the period under audit. 
Our audit approach 
Overview 
Audit scope 
 We performed full scope audit procedures over six components, covering five components in the 
UK and one in the USA 
 Additionally, we performed audit procedures over one additional balance in one component 
 Taken together, the entities over which audit work was performed accounted for 77% of the 
Group’s external revenue and 82% of the Group’s absolute adjusted profit before tax 
Key audit matters 
 Valuation of gross defined benefit pension scheme obligations (Group) 
 Valuation of complex pension scheme assets (Group) 
 Presentation of exceptional items (Group) 
 Accuracy of the Group restructuring and recoverability of Investments in subsidiary undertakings 
(Company) 
Materiality 
 Overall Group materiality: £22.0 million (2024: £23.5 million) based on 5% of profit before tax 
adjusted to exclude operating exceptional items 
 Overall Company materiality: £59.3 million (2024: £71.0 million) based on 1% of the Company’s 
total assets. 
 Performance materiality: £16.5 million (2024: £17.5 million) (Group) and £44.5 million 
(2024: £52.3 million) (Company) 
The scope of our audit 
As part of designing our audit, we determined materiality and assessed the risks of material 
misstatement in the financial statements. 
Key audit matters 
Key audit matters are those matters that, in the auditors’ professional judgement, were of most 
significance in the audit of the financial statements of the current period and include the most 
significant assessed risks of material misstatement (whether or not due to fraud) identified by the 
auditors, including those which had the greatest effect on: the overall audit strategy; the allocation 
of resources in the audit; and directing the efforts of the engagement team. These matters, and any 
comments we make on the results of our procedures thereon, were addressed in the context of our 
audit of the financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not 
provide a separate opinion on these matters. 
This is not a complete list of all risks identified by our audit. 
 
  
121 
 
 
 
Accuracy of the Group restructuring is a new key audit matter this year and we have combined 
this with the Recoverability of Investments in subsidiary undertakings (Company), which was a 
standalone key audit matter in the prior year. Valuation of the Box Clever provision (Group), which 
was an element of a key audit matter last year, is no longer included as it was released during the 
year and therefore, only the 'Presentation of exceptional items' element of the key audit matter has 
been retained for the current year audit. Otherwise, the key audit matters below are consistent with 
last year. 
Key audit matter How our audit addressed the key audit matter 
Valuation of gross defined benefit pension scheme obligations (Group) 
Refer to note 3.8 in the financial statements. 
The Group had gross defined benefit scheme 
obligations of £1,990 million (2024: £1,998 
million) recognised at 31 December 2025, 
which is significant in the context of the overall 
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position. 
The valuation of defined benefit pension 
scheme obligations involves the exercise of 
judgement and technical expertise in choosing 
appropriate actuarial assumptions such as the 
discount rate, inflation, and mortality rates. 
Management engaged external actuarial 
experts to assist in selecting appropriate 
assumptions and to calculate the schemes’ 
liabilities. Given the judgement and the 
quantum of these liabilities, this represents a 
heightened area of audit risk. 
 
We utilised our in-house actuarial experts to 
evaluate whether the assumptions and 
methodology used in calculating the defined 
benefit obligations were reasonable by: 
 Assessing whether the mortality rates and 
other demographic assumptions were 
reasonable based on the consideration of 
the specifics of each plan and industry 
benchmarks 
 Evaluating the appropriateness of the 
discount and inflation rate assumptions by 
assessing the methodology used to set them 
and comparing the assumptions to our 
internal acceptable ranges set based on 
market data 
 Reviewing the methodology and models 
used by external actuaries to assess their 
appropriateness and testing the Consolidated 
Statement of Financial Position liability and 
movements over the year 
We also audited the special events within the 
year, including Box Clever and the UTV scheme 
merging into the ITV A Scheme, and consider the 
accounting for these transactions to be 
recorded appropriately within the financial 
statements. 
Based on our procedures, we con

---

ing Hedging Reserve and Cost of Hedging Reserve 
 
ITV plc Annual Report and Accounts 2025
129
Financial StatementsStrategic Report Governance
130 
 
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 
 
For the year ended 31 December Note £m 
2025 
£m £m 
2024 
£m 
Cash flows from operating activities      
Cash generated from operations before 
exceptional items 2.1  401  447 
Cash flow relating to operating exceptional items:      
Operating exceptional items 2.2 (107)  (65)  
Increase in exceptional payables  47  4  
Cash outflow from exceptional items   (60)  (61) 
Cash generated from operations   341  386 
Defined benefit pension funding1 3.8 (65)  (3)  
Interest received  54  25  
Interest paid2  (93)  (48)  
Net taxation paid  (35)  (27)  
   (139)  (53) 
Net cash inflow from operating activities   202  333 
      
Cash flows from investing activities      
Acquisition of property, plant and equipment  (26)  (14)  
Acquisition of intangible assets  (28)  (35)  
Acquisition of subsidiary undertakings, net of 
cash acquired 3.4 (14)  (13)  
Acquisition of investments  (5)  (11)  
Proceeds from disposal of associates, 
joint ventures and subsidiary undertakings 3.5 9  295  
Proceeds from sale and maturity of gilts 
(other pension assets)1  12  –  
Dividends received from investments  –  1  
Loans granted to associates and joint ventures  (5)  –  
Loans repaid by associates and joint ventures  5  23  
Net cash (outflow)/inflow from 
investing activities   (52)  246 
      
      
For the year ended 31 December Note £m 
2025 
£m £m 
2024 
£m 
Cash flows from financing activities      
Bank and other loans – amounts repaid  (37)  (437)  
Settlement of derivatives3  –  (10)  
Bank and other loans – amounts raised  20  431  
Payment of lease liabilities4  (21)  (20)  
Acquisition of non-controlling interests  (4)  (47)  
Dividends paid to non-controlling interests  (3)  (9)  
Equity dividends paid 4.7.5 (187)  (198)  
Repurchase of shares 4.7.5 (38)  (199)  
Net cash outflow from financing activities   (270)  (489) 
      
Net (decrease)/increase in cash and cash 
equivalents   (120)  90 
      
Cash and cash equivalents at 1 January 4.1  427  340 
Effects of exchange rate changes and 
fair value movements   (5)  (3) 
Cash and cash equivalents at 31 December 4.1  302  427 
 
1 £12 million was paid into the Group’s defined benefit pension scheme funded through the sale and maturing of gilts 
(other pension assets). See note 3.8 for a breakdown of the Group’s defined benefit funding contributions in the year 
2 Interest paid includes interest on bank, other loans, derivative financial instruments and lease liabilities 
3 Net cash flow from forwards and swaps held against the euro denominated bond repaid in 2024 
4 Net cash flow on lease liabilities in note 4.1 and 4.6 of £26 million (2024: £25 million) includes interest on lease liabilities of 
£5 million (2024: £5 million), included in interest paid 
 
130
ITV plc Annual Report and Accounts 2025 Financial StatementsStrategic Report Governance
130 
 
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 
 
For the year ended 31 December Note £m 
2025 
£m £m 
2024 
£m 
Cash flows from operating activities      
Cash generated from operations before 
exceptional items 2.1  401  447 
Cash flow relating to operating exceptional items:      
Operating exceptional items 2.2 (107)  (65)  
Increase in exceptional payables  47  4  
Cash outflow from exceptional items   (60)  (61) 
Cash generated from operations   341  386 
Defined benefit pension funding1 3.8 (65)  (3)  
Interest received  54  25  
Interest paid2  (93)  (48)  
Net taxation paid  (35)  (27)  
   (139)  (53) 
Net cash inflow from operating activities   202  333 
      
Cash flows from investing activities      
Acquisition of property, plant and equipment  (26)  (14)  
Acquisition of intangible assets  (28)  (35)  
Acquisition of subsidiary undertakings, net of 
cash acquired 3.4 (14)  (13)  
Acquisition of investments  (5)  (11)  
Proceeds from disposal of associates, 
joint ventures and subsidiary undertakings 3.5 9  295  
Proceeds from sale and maturity of gilts 
(other pension assets)1  12  –  
Dividends received from investments  –  1  
Loans granted to associates and joint ventures  (5)  –  
Loans repaid by associates and joint ventures  5  23  
Net cash (outflow)/inflow from 
investing activities   (52)  246 
      
      
For the year ended 31 December Note £m 
2025 
£m £m 
2024 
£m 
Cash flows from financing activities      
Bank and other loans – amounts repaid  (37)  (437)  
Settlement of derivatives3  –  (10)  
Bank and other loans – amounts raised  20  431  
Payment of lease liabilities4  (21)  (20)  
Acquisition of non-controlling interests  (4)  (47)  
Dividends paid to non-controlling interests  (3)  (9)  
Equity dividends paid 4.7.5 (187)  (198)  
Repurchase of shares 4.7.5 (38)  (199)  
Net cash outflow from financing activities   (270)  (489) 
      
Net (decrease)/increase in cash and cash 
equivalents   (120)  90 
      
Cash and cash equivalents at 1 January 4.1  427  340 
Effects of exchange rate changes and 
fair value movements   (5)  (3) 
Cash and cash equivalents at 31 December 4.1  302  427 
 
1 £12 million was paid into the Group’s defined benefit pension scheme funded through the sale and maturing of gilts 
(other pension assets). See note 3.8 for a breakdown of the Group’s defined benefit funding contributions in the year 
2 Interest paid includes interest on bank, other loans, derivative financial instruments and lease liabilities 
3 Net cash flow from forwards and swaps held against the euro denominated bond repaid in 2024 
4 Net cash flow on lease liabilities in note 4.1 and 4.6 of £26 million (2024: £25 million) includes interest on lease liabilities of 
£5 million (2024: £5 million), included in interest paid 
 
131 
 
Notes to the Financial Statements 
SECTION 1: BASIS OF PREPARATION 
  
In this section 
This section sets out the Group’s accounting policies that relate to the financial statements 
as a whole. Where an accounting policy is specific to one note, the policy is described in the 
note to which it relates. This section also shows new UK-adopted acc

---

s from the requirements of IFRS have been applied in the preparation of 
these financial statements, in accordance with FRS 101: 
 Presentation of a Statement of Cash Flows and related notes 
 Disclosure in respect of capital management 
 Disclosure of related party transactions between wholly-owned subsidiaries and parents within a group 
 Disclosures required under IFRS 2 ‘Share Based Payments’ in respect of group settled share-
based compensation 
 Disclosures required by IFRS 7 ‘Financial Instruments: Disclosure’ 
 Certain disclosures required under IFRS 13 ‘Fair Value Measurement’  
 Disclosure of information in relation to new standards not yet applied 
182
ITV plc Annual Report and Accounts 2025 Financial StatementsStrategic Report Governance
182 
 
Notes to the ITV plc Company Financial Statements  
 
Company Statement of Changes in Equity 
 Note 
Share 
capital 
£m 
Share 
premium 
£m 
Other 
reserves 
£m 
Retained 
earnings 
£m 
Total 
£m 
Balance at 1 January 2025 vii/viii 394 174 55 3,559 4,182 
Total comprehensive expense for the year       
Loss for the year  – – – (580) (580) 
Net loss on cash flow hedges and cost 
of hedging  – – (7) – (7) 
Total comprehensive expense for the year  – – (7) (580) (587) 
Transactions with owners recorded 
directly in equity       
Contributions by and distributions 
to owners       
Equity dividends  – – – (187) (187) 
Movements due to share-based 
compensation  – – – 16 16 
Repurchase of shares  (7) – 7 (38) (38) 
Tax on items taken directly to equity  – – – 1 1 
Total transactions with owners  (7) – 7 (208) (208) 
Balance at 31 December 2025  387 174 55 2,771 3,387 
 
 Note 
Share 
capital 
£m 
Share 
premium 
£m 
Other 
reserves 
£m 
Retained 
earnings 
£m 
Total 
£m 
Balance at 1 January 2024 vii/viii 406 174 34 2,200 2,814 
Total comprehensive income for the year       
Profit for the year  – – – 1,740 1,740 
Net gain on cash flow hedges and cost 
of hedging  – – 9 – 9 
Total comprehensive income for the year  – – 9 1,740 1,749 
Transactions with owners recorded 
directly in equity       
Contributions by and distributions 
to owners       
Equity dividends  – – – (198) (198) 
Movements due to share-based 
compensation  – – – 18 18 
Repurchase of shares  (12) – 12 (199) (199) 
Tax on items taken directly to equity  – – – (2) (2) 
Total transactions with owners  (12) – 12 (381) (381) 
Balance at 31 December 2024  394 174 55 3,559 4,182 
Corporate restructure  
During the year the company restructured its investments in the Group, creating two new directly-owned 
holding companies, ITV Studios Holdings Limited and ITV M&E Holdings Limited. As a result, a proportion 
of investments in subsidiary undertakings and current receivables from subsidiary undertakings were 
restructured as long-term debt. Year on year movements in investments and intra-group balances 
should be considered collectively as detailed below. See notes iii and iv for further details. 
As at 31 December 
2025 
£m  
2024 
£m 
Investments in subsidiary undertakings 1,497 3,238 
Amounts owed by subsidiary undertakings – amount due within one year 120 3,522 
Amounts owed by subsidiary undertakings – amount due after one year 4,151 86 
Amounts owed to subsidiary undertakings (1,770) (2,203) 
Net investment in subsidiary undertakings 3,998 4,643 
Note i Accounting policies 
In this section 
This section sets out the notes to the ITV plc Company-only financial statements. Those 
statements form the basis of the dividend decisions made by the Directors, as explained 
in detail in note viii below. The notes form part of the financial statements. 
Basis of preparation 
The Company is a qualifying entity as it is a member of the ITV plc Group where ITV plc, the ultimate 
parent, prepares publicly available consolidated financial statements. These financial statements 
were prepared in accordance with Financial Reporting Standard 101 ‘Reduced Disclosure Framework’ 
(‘FRS 101’). The Company is registered in England and Wales. 
In preparing these financial statements, the Company applies the recognition, measurement and 
disclosure requirements of international accounting standards in conformity with the requirements 
of the Companies Act 2006 (Adopted IFRSs), but makes amendments where necessary in order to 
comply with Companies Act 2006 and has set out below where advantage of the FRS 101 disclosure 
exemptions has been taken. 
Exemptions applied 
The following exemptions from the requirements of IFRS have been applied in the preparation of 
these financial statements, in accordance with FRS 101: 
 Presentation of a Statement of Cash Flows and related notes 
 Disclosure in respect of capital management 
 Disclosure of related party transactions between wholly-owned subsidiaries and parents within a group 
 Disclosures required under IFRS 2 ‘Share Based Payments’ in respect of group settled share-
based compensation 
 Disclosures required by IFRS 7 ‘Financial Instruments: Disclosure’ 
 Certain disclosures required under IFRS 13 ‘Fair Value Measurement’  
 Disclosure of information in relation to new standards not yet applied 
183 
 
 
The Company proposes to continue to apply the reduced disclosure framework of FRS 101 in its next 
financial statements. 
The financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis. 
Changes in accounting policy 
New accounting standards, interpretations and amendments that are effective from 1 January 2025 
have not had a significant impact on the Company’s results or Statement of Financial Position. 
Accounting standards effective in future periods 
The Directors have considered the impact on the Company of new and revised accounting 
standards, interpretations or amendments that are not yet effective and do not expect them to have 
a significant impact on the Company’s future results and Statement of Financial Position. 
Accounting judgements and estimates 
The preparation of financial statements requires management to exercise judgement in applying 
the Company’s accounting policies. It also requires the use of estimates and assumptions that 
affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities,

---

statements. 
The Group recorded significant operating 
exceptional items of £107 million (2024: 
£65 million) which were included on the face 
of the Consolidated Income Statement and 
disclosed within the Annual Report. 
The presentation of items as exceptional can 
be judgmental and have a significant impact on 
the readers of the financial statements. Due to 
the quantum and number of exceptional items 
in the year, we focused on the presentation of 
these items to ensure they were treated 
consistently with the Group’s accounting policy, 
which remains unchanged from previous years. 
We substantiated a sample of exceptional items 
to corroborating evidence. We assessed 
management’s rationale for the designation of 
certain items as exceptional against the Group’s 
policy, considering the nature and impact of 
these items. 
We assessed the appropriateness and 
completeness of the disclosures included in the 
Group financial statements and the levels of 
equal prominence of GAAP and non-GAAP 
measures within the Annual Report. 
Based on our procedures, we were satisfied that 
the treatment and classification of exceptional 
items is consistent with the Group’s policy, and 
the Annual Report disclosures are appropriate. 
  
ITV plc Annual Report and Accounts 2025
121
Financial StatementsStrategic Report Governance
122 
 
Independent Auditors’ Report to the members of ITV plc continued 
 
Key audit matter How our audit addressed the key audit matter 
Accuracy of the Group restructuring and recoverability of Investments in subsidiary 
undertakings (Company) 
Refer to Note iii Investments in subsidiary 
undertakings in the Company financial 
statements. The Company held Investments in 
subsidiary undertakings amounting to £1,497 
million (2024: £3,238 million). 
Investments in subsidiary undertakings are 
accounted for at cost less provision for any 
impairment in value. Judgement is required to 
assess if impairment indicators exist and, 
where indicators are identified, if the 
investment carrying value is supported by its 
recoverable amount. 
During the year, the Company undertook a Group 
restructure to create separate legal structures 
under ITV plc for ITV Studios Holdings Limited, 
ITV Media and Entertainment Holdings Limited 
and ITV Services Limited. These investments 
were previously under a single legal entity, 
Carlton Communications Limited. 
The Group restructure involved a series of 
intercompany transactions which resulted in an 
impairment loss of £220 million in the 
Company's investment in Carlton 
Communications Limited and an impairment 
loss of £315 million in its investment in ITV 
Studios Holdings Limited. 
The recoverability of Investments in subsidiary 
undertakings is inherently judgemental. 
We performed the following procedures in 
respect of the Group restructuring: 
 We utilised our in-house structuring experts  
to evaluate the appropriateness of the 
accounting treatments and judgements 
relating to the Group restructuring 
 We reviewed supporting evidence for each 
step including the journals, which included an 
inspection of legal documentation, board 
minutes, and assessment of valuations 
 We assessed the allocation of the investment 
carrying values following the restructure 
In respect of the Investments in subsidiary 
undertakings in the Company, management 
prepared a detailed cash flow model for ITV 
Studios Holdings Limited on a Fair Value less 
Cost of Disposal (“FVLCD”) basis to estimate 
the recoverable amount. 
We performed the following procedures in 
relation to the FVLCD model for ITV Studios 
Holdings Limited: 
 Tested the completeness and accuracy of 
the model 
 Assessed whether the cash flows used in the 
model are consistent with the board approved 
5 year plan 
 Considered the appropriateness of the 
assumptions in the model, including revenue 
growth rates and EBITDA margin which is 
impacted by synergies 
 Supported by our PwC valuations experts,  
we independently assessed management’s 
discount rate and long-term growth rate 
 We compared the EBITA multiples of 
management’s FVLCD model to similar 
companies and broker reports 
For M&E, management prepared a model derived 
from market multiples. We assessed using third 
party information, the appropriateness of the 
market multiples used by management in 
determining the recoverable amount. 
We also evaluated the disclosures in Note iii 
Investments in subsidiary undertakings,  
which we consider to be appropriate. 
Based on our procedures, we are satisfied  
with the appropriateness of management's 
accounting treatment for the Group 
restructuring which resulted in a £220 million 
impairment in Carlton Communications Limited 
and the carrying value of the investments, 
including the £315 million impairment recorded 
in relation to ITV Studios Holdings Limited. 
How we tailored the audit scope 
We tailored the scope of our audit to ensure that we performed enough work to be able to give an 
opinion on the financial statements as a whole, taking into account the structure of the Group and 
the Company, the accounting processes and controls, and the industry in which they operate. 
Based on materiality assessments (due to size and risk), we determined which components required 
an audit of their complete financial information having consideration to the relative significance of 
each component to the Group. 
Due to their high concentration of the Group’s external revenue and absolute adjusted profit before 
tax, we have identified six components (inclusive of the Company) over which audit procedures 
would be performed on the entire financial information of those components. 
Audit work over the five UK components and an audit of one financial statement line item for one 
additional component was performed by the UK Group engagement team, in addition to central 
procedures over tax, treasury, legal claims, defined benefit pension schemes, pension assets, 
impairment assessments, going concern, and consolidation adjustments. A full scope audit over 
one component, was performed by a PwC component team. 
Where the work was performed by a P

---

and Statutory Auditors 
London 
5 March 2026 
 
  
ITV plc Annual Report and Accounts 2025
125
Financial StatementsStrategic Report Governance
126 
 
Consolidated Income Statement Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income 
 
For the year ended 31 December Note 
 2025 
£m 
 2024 
£m 
Revenue 2.1 3,511 3,488 
Operating costs 2.1 (3,148) (3,170) 
Operating profit  363 318 
    
Presented as:    
Earnings before interest, tax and amortisation (EBITA) 
before exceptional items 2.1 533 526 
Operating exceptional items 2.2 (107) (65) 
Amortisation and impairment 3.3, 3.6 (63) (143) 
Operating profit  363 318 
    
Financing income 4.4 34 51 
Financing costs 4.4 (59) (51) 
Net financing costs  (25) – 
Share of losses of joint ventures and associated undertakings 3.6 – (9) 
Profit on disposal of associates, joint ventures and 
subsidiary undertakings 3.5 – 212 
Profit before tax  338 521 
Taxation 2.3 (113) (115) 
Profit for the year  225 406 
    
Profit/(loss) attributable to:    
Owners of the Company  220 408 
Non-controlling interests 4.7.6 5 (2) 
Profit for the year  225 406 
    
Earnings per share    
Basic earnings per share 2.4 5.9p 10.4p 
Diluted earnings per share 2.4 5.8p 10.3p 
 
For the year ended 31 December Note 
 2025 
£m 
 2024 
£m 
Profit for the year  225 406 
    
Other comprehensive (expense)/income:    
Items that are or may be reclassified to profit or loss    
Revaluation of financial assets 4.7.4 (3) (6) 
Net (loss)/gain on cash flow hedges and costs of hedging  4.7.3 (3) 7 
Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations 4.7.3 (30) (4) 
Income tax credit/(charge) on items that may be reclassified 
to profit or loss 2.3 3 (1) 
Items that will never be reclassified to profit or loss    
Remeasurement gains/(losses) on defined benefit 
pension schemes 3.8 16 (31) 
Income tax (charge)/credit on items that will never be 
reclassified to profit or loss 2.3 (5) 6 
Other comprehensive expense for the year, net of 
income tax  (22) (29) 
Total comprehensive income for the year  203 377 
    
Total comprehensive income/(expense) attributable to:    
Owners of the Company  201 379 
Non-controlling interests 4.7.6 2 (2) 
Total comprehensive income for the year  203 377 
 
126
ITV plc Annual Report and Accounts 2025 Financial StatementsStrategic Report Governance
126 
 
Consolidated Income Statement Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income 
 
For the year ended 31 December Note 
 2025 
£m 
 2024 
£m 
Revenue 2.1 3,511 3,488 
Operating costs 2.1 (3,148) (3,170) 
Operating profit  363 318 
    
Presented as:    
Earnings before interest, tax and amortisation (EBITA) 
before exceptional items 2.1 533 526 
Operating exceptional items 2.2 (107) (65) 
Amortisation and impairment 3.3, 3.6 (63) (143) 
Operating profit  363 318 
    
Financing income 4.4 34 51 
Financing costs 4.4 (59) (51) 
Net financing costs  (25) – 
Share of losses of joint ventures and associated undertakings 3.6 – (9) 
Profit on disposal of associates, joint ventures and 
subsidiary undertakings 3.5 – 212 
Profit before tax  338 521 
Taxation 2.3 (113) (115) 
Profit for the year  225 406 
    
Profit/(loss) attributable to:    
Owners of the Company  220 408 
Non-controlling interests 4.7.6 5 (2) 
Profit for the year  225 406 
    
Earnings per share    
Basic earnings per share 2.4 5.9p 10.4p 
Diluted earnings per share 2.4 5.8p 10.3p 
 
For the year ended 31 December Note 
 2025 
£m 
 2024 
£m 
Profit for the year  225 406 
    
Other comprehensive (expense)/income:    
Items that are or may be reclassified to profit or loss    
Revaluation of financial assets 4.7.4 (3) (6) 
Net (loss)/gain on cash flow hedges and costs of hedging  4.7.3 (3) 7 
Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations 4.7.3 (30) (4) 
Income tax credit/(charge) on items that may be reclassified 
to profit or loss 2.3 3 (1) 
Items that will never be reclassified to profit or loss    
Remeasurement gains/(losses) on defined benefit 
pension schemes 3.8 16 (31) 
Income tax (charge)/credit on items that will never be 
reclassified to profit or loss 2.3 (5) 6 
Other comprehensive expense for the year, net of 
income tax  (22) (29) 
Total comprehensive income for the year  203 377 
    
Total comprehensive income/(expense) attributable to:    
Owners of the Company  201 379 
Non-controlling interests 4.7.6 2 (2) 
Total comprehensive income for the year  203 377 
 
127 
 
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position 
 
 Note 
31 December 
2025 
£m 
31 December 
20241 
£m 
Non-current assets    
Property, plant and equipment 3.2 239 237 
Intangible assets 3.3 1,490 1,498 
Investments in joint ventures, associates and equity 
investments 3.6 32 31 
Derivative financial instruments 4.3 14 1 
Distribution rights 3.1.2 41 35 
Contract assets 3.1.6 39 4 
Defined benefit pension surplus 3.8 198 162 
Other pension asset 3.8 33 45 
Deferred tax asset 2.3 6 7 
  2,092 2,020 
Current assets    
Programme rights and other inventory 3.1.1 397 371 
Trade and other receivables due within one year 3.1.3 744 682 
Trade and other receivables due after more than one year 3.1.3 100 81 
Trade and other receivables  844 763 
Contract assets 3.1.6 195 172 
Production inventories 3.1.7 384 342 
Current tax receivable 2.3 66 87 
Derivative financial instruments 4.3 5 4 
Cash and cash equivalents 4.1 302 427 
  2,193 2,166 
Current liabilities    
Borrowings 4.1, 4.2 (325) (10) 
Lease liabilities 4.6 (17) (15) 
Derivative financial instruments 4.3 (6) (3) 
Trade and other payables due within one year 3.1.4 (924) (880) 
Trade payables due after more than one year 3.1.5 (55) (33) 
Trade and other payables  (979) (913) 
Contract liabilities 3.1.6 (275) (253) 
Current tax liabilities 2.3 (2) (1) 
Provisions 3.7 (91) (134) 
  (1,695) (1,329) 
Net current assets  498 837 
 
  Note 
31 December 
2025 
£m 
31 December 
20241 
£m 
Non-current liabilities    
Borrowings 4.1, 4.2 (440) (723) 
Lease liabilities 4.6 (94) (90) 
Derivative financial instruments 4.3 – (20) 
Defined benefit pension deficit 3.8 (24) (25) 
Deferred tax liabilities 2.3 (121) (92) 
Other payables 3.1.5 (76) (63) 
Provisions 3.7 (12) (12) 
  (767) (

---

business is managed and measured on a day-to-day basis. 
Accounting policies 
Exceptional items as described above are highlighted on the face of the Consolidated Income 
Statement. See the Operating and Financial Performance Review on pages 16 to 27 for the detailed 
explanation of the Group’s use of adjusted performance measures. Gains or losses on disposal of 
non-core assets are also considered exceptional due to their nature and impact on the Group’s 
underlying quality of earnings.  
Exceptional items 
Operating exceptional items are analysed as follows: 
(Charge)/credit Ref. 
2025  
£m 
2024  
£m 
Operating exceptional items:    
Corporate transaction-related expenses A (38) (8) 
Restructuring and transformation costs B (69) (50) 
Property costs C – 1 
Employee-related tax provision D (3) 1 
Transponder onerous contract E – (4) 
Pension related costs F (3) – 
Legal settlements G 8 – 
Legal and other costs H (2) (5) 
Total operating exceptional items   (107) (65) 
Tax on operating exceptional items  17 13 
Total operating exceptional items net of tax  (90) (52) 
A. Corporate transaction-related expenses 
Corporate transaction-related expenses of £38 million (2024: £8 million) are performance-based, 
employment-linked consideration to former owners and professional fees related to completed 
corporate transactions and potential corporate transactions. 
ITV plc Annual Report and Accounts 2025
139
Financial StatementsStrategic Report Governance
140 
 
Notes to the Financial Statements continued 
SECTION 2: RESULTS FOR THE YEAR CONTINUED 
 
B. Restructuring and transformation costs 
Restructuring and transformation costs of £69 million (2024: £50 million) relate to one-off 
significant restructuring, transformation and efficiency programmes of the business. Within this, 
there were £54 million (2024: £36 million) of restructuring and other costs associated with our 
strategic cost programme to reshape the cost base and enhance profitability across the Group.  
In addition, £15 million (2024: £14 million) of costs were incurred relating to our transformation 
programme, which is associated with delivering our digital strategy, including our new programme 
rights, finance and HR systems and simplifying our holding company structures and processes. 
C. Property costs 
In 2024, the Group received a rebate in relation to one of the properties it exited in 2022 as part 
of the move to Broadcast Centre, with the credit being recognised in exceptional items, consistent 
with the original charge that was previously classified as exceptional. 
D. Employee-related tax provisions  
During the year £3 million was charged for an exceptional provision for employee-related taxes 
(2024: £1 million was released for an exceptional provision for employee-related taxes that was 
no longer required). See note 3.7 for further details of the provisions held. 
E. Transponder onerous contract 
In 2024, the Group cleared a third transponder and recognised an onerous contract provision of 
£4 million for capacity that was no longer generating revenue. The provision was fully utilised in 2024. 
F. Pension related costs  
In October 2025, all members of the Box Clever Group Pension Scheme transferred into the ITV 
Pension Scheme. The IAS 19 valuation of the Scheme liabilities at the transfer date was £47 million. 
An estimated £2 million has been provided for back payments to members reflecting the difference 
between PPF level benefits and the full ITV Scheme benefits. The liabilities have been recognised in 
the Consolidated Statement of Financial Position through Exceptional Pension related items.  
A further £6 million was paid to the Pension Protection Fund, covering loans incurred since the date 
of the agreement leading up to the transfer. 
Consequently, the provision held of £52 million for this matter, has been released to Exceptional 
Pension related items, consistent with the initial recognition of the provision.  
See note 3.8 for further details. 
G. Legal settlements  
The Group reached a settlement with its insurers during the period regarding a historical legal 
matter. This settlement amount has been recognised as a credit in exceptional items, consistent 
with the original charge that was previously classified as exceptional. 
H. Legal and other costs 
Legal and other costs of £2 million (2024: £5 million) relates primarily to legal costs for matters 
considered to be outside the normal course of business. 
2.3 TAXATION 
Keeping it simple 
This section sets out the Group’s tax accounting policies, the current and deferred tax charges 
or credits in the year (which together make up the total tax charge or credit in the 
Consolidated Income Statement), a reconciliation of profit before tax to the tax charge for the 
year and the movements in deferred tax assets and liabilities. 
Accounting policies 
The tax charge for the year is recognised in the Consolidated Income Statement, the Consolidated 
Statement of Comprehensive Income and directly in equity, according to the accounting treatment of 
the related transactions. The tax charge comprises both current and deferred tax. The calculation of the 
Group’s tax charge involves estimation and judgement in respect of certain items whose tax treatment 
cannot be fully determined until a resolution has been reached with the relevant tax authority.  
Current tax 
Current tax is the expected tax payable or receivable on the taxable income or loss for the year and 
any adjustment in respect of previous years.  
The Group recognises liabilities for anticipated tax issues based on estimates and judgement of 
the additional taxes that are likely to become due. Amounts are accrued based on management’s 
interpretation of specific tax law and the likelihood of settlement. Where the final tax outcome of 
these matters is different from the amounts that were initially recorded, such differences will impact 
the current tax and deferred tax provisions in the period in which such determination is made.  
Deferred tax  
Deferred tax arises due to certain temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets 
and liabilities f

---

tax accounting policies, the current and deferred tax charges 
or credits in the year (which together make up the total tax charge or credit in the 
Consolidated Income Statement), a reconciliation of profit before tax to the tax charge for the 
year and the movements in deferred tax assets and liabilities. 
Accounting policies 
The tax charge for the year is recognised in the Consolidated Income Statement, the Consolidated 
Statement of Comprehensive Income and directly in equity, according to the accounting treatment of 
the related transactions. The tax charge comprises both current and deferred tax. The calculation of the 
Group’s tax charge involves estimation and judgement in respect of certain items whose tax treatment 
cannot be fully determined until a resolution has been reached with the relevant tax authority.  
Current tax 
Current tax is the expected tax payable or receivable on the taxable income or loss for the year and 
any adjustment in respect of previous years.  
The Group recognises liabilities for anticipated tax issues based on estimates and judgement of 
the additional taxes that are likely to become due. Amounts are accrued based on management’s 
interpretation of specific tax law and the likelihood of settlement. Where the final tax outcome of 
these matters is different from the amounts that were initially recorded, such differences will impact 
the current tax and deferred tax provisions in the period in which such determination is made.  
Deferred tax  
Deferred tax arises due to certain temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets 
and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and those for taxation purposes.  
The following temporary differences are not provided for: 
 The initial recognition of goodwill 
 The initial recognition of assets or liabilities that affect neither accounting nor taxable profit other 
than in a business combination  
 Differences relating to investments in subsidiaries to the extent that they will probably not 
reverse in the foreseeable future 
The amount of deferred tax provided is based on the expected manner of realisation or settlement 
of the carrying amount of assets and liabilities. Deferred tax is calculated using tax rates that are 
enacted or substantively enacted at the balance sheet date.  
141 
 
 
A deferred tax asset is recognised only to the extent that it is probable that sufficient taxable profit 
will be available to utilise the temporary difference. Recognition of deferred tax assets, therefore, 
involves judgement regarding the timing and level of future taxable income.  
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are disclosed net to the extent that they relate to taxes levied by 
the same authority and the Group has the right of set-off. 
Taxation – Consolidated Income Statement 
The total taxation charge in the Consolidated Income Statement is analysed as follows: 
 
2025 
£m 
2024 
£m 
Current tax:   
Current tax charge on profit before exceptional items (106) (94) 
Current tax credit on exceptional operating items 17 13 
Current tax charge on the profit on disposal of associates, joint ventures 
and subsidiary undertakings – (22) 
 (89) (103) 
Adjustments related to prior periods (7) 20 
 (96) (83) 
Deferred tax:   
Origination and reversal of temporary differences (13) (7) 
Deferred tax charge on the profit on disposal of associates, joint ventures 
and subsidiary undertakings – (27) 
Impact of changes to statutory tax rates (6) – 
 (19) (34) 
Adjustments related to prior periods 2 2 
 (17) (32) 
Total taxation charge in the Consolidated Income Statement (113) (115) 
Current tax charge 
The total current tax charge of £96 million (2024: £83 million charge) includes a £7 million charge 
(2024: £20 million credit) relating to prior years, and the deferred tax charge of £17 million 
(2024: £32 million charge) includes a £2 million credit (2024: £2 million credit) relating to prior years. 
This adjustment has arisen following changes in estimates of taxes that have already become due or 
will become due in the future. 
Deferred tax charge 
In 2025, the current year movement recognised in the Consolidated Income Statement on 
origination and reversal of temporary differences (excluding exceptional items) is a charge 
of £13 million, compared with a charge of £7 million in 2024.  
 
Total tax reconciliation 
In order to understand how, in the Consolidated Income Statement, a tax charge of £113 million 
(2024: £115 million) arises on a profit before tax of £338 million (2024: £521 million), the taxation 
charge that would arise at the standard rate of UK corporation tax is reconciled to the actual tax 
charge as follows: 
 
2025 
£m 
2024 
£m 
Profit before tax 338 521 
Notional taxation charge at UK corporation tax rate of 25% (2024: 25%) on 
profit before tax (85) (130) 
Non-taxable income/non-deductible expenses (10) (17) 
Prior year adjustments (5) 22 
Other taxes (10) (11) 
Current year losses not recognised (7) (10) 
Impact of overseas tax rates 1 6 
Impact of changes in tax rates (6) – 
Pillar 2 top-up tax (2) (2) 
Production tax credits 11 27 
Statutory taxation charge in the Consolidated Income Statement (113) (115) 
Non-deductible expenses are expenses that are not expected to be allowable for tax purposes. 
Similarly, non-taxable income is income that is not expected to be taxable. 
Adjustments to prior periods primarily arise where an outcome is obtained on certain tax matters, 
which differs from expectations held when the related provision was made. Where the outcome is 
more favourable than the provision made, the difference is released, lowering the current year tax 
charge. Where the outcome is less favourable than our provision, an additional charge to current 
year tax will occur.  
Other taxes of £10 million (2024: £11 million) includes state taxes of £5 million in the US, £4 million 
of irrecoverable withholding tax in the UK, and £1 million of IRAP taxes in Italy. 
The tax impact of current year losses not recognised is £7 million (2024: £10 million) and relates to 
£2 million (2024: £1 million) in France, £4 million (2024: £9 million) in I