BETA Close X Cairn Homes Plc has confirmed that its Annual Report for the year ended 31 December 2025, along with the Chairman's Letter and the 2026 Notice of Annual General Meeting and Form of Proxy, are now available on the company's website and have been submitted to Euronext Dublin and the UK National Storage Mechanism. This announcement follows up on a previous notification on 30 March 2026 and provides shareholders with access to the ESEF compliant and PDF versions of the financial statements. Disclaimer* Cairn Homes Plc (CRN) Cairn Homes Plc 28-Apr-2026 / 17:37 GMT/BST Cairn Homes plc (“Cairn”, “the Company” or “the Group”) Dublin / London, 28 April 2026: Further to the announcement on 30 March 2026, confirming that the Company’s Annual Report for the year ended 31 December 2025, together with the Letter from the Chairman and 2026 Notice of Annual General Meeting and Form of Proxy, had been issued to shareholders, the Company wishes to confirm that copies of the above documents (including the Annual Report and Financial Statements for the year ended 31 December 2025 in ESEF compliant and PDF formats) were made available for inspection on the Company's website, www.cairnhomes.com and copies were also submitted to Euronext Dublin and the UK National Storage Mechanism and are available for inspection at the following locations: Euronext Dublin: Companies Announcement Office, The Exchange, Foster Place, Temple Bar, Dublin 2 and at https://direct.euronext.com/#/oamfiling UK National Storage Mechanism: https://data.fca.org.uk/#/nsm/nationalstoragemechanism - ENDS - For further information, contact: Cairn Homes plc +353 1 696 4600 Tara Grimley, Company Secretary Notes to Editors Cairn is an Irish homebuilder committed to building high-quality, competitively priced, sustainable new homes and communities in great locations. At Cairn, the homeowner is at the very centre of the design process. We strive to provide unparalleled customer service throughout each stage of the home-buying journey. A new Cairn home is expertly designed, with a focus on creating shared spaces and environments where communities thrive. Dissemination of a Regulatory Announcement, transmitted by EQS Group . The issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement. View original content: EQS News ISIN: IE00BWY4ZF18 Category Code: ACS TIDM: CRN LEI Code: 635400DPX6WP2KKDOA83 Sequence No.: 425505 EQS News ID: 2317114 End of Announcement EQS News Service AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Cairn Homes (CDI) (CRN) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 2 hours ago GCM Resources 4 hours ago Pinewood Technologies Group 4 hours ago Cropper (James) 5 hours ago Keller Group 7 hours ago IWG All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and