BETA Close X Aberdeen Group plc has notified Cairn Homes Plc of a change in its major holdings, with its voting rights decreasing from 4.65% to 3.89% as of May 26, 2026, due to an external in-specie transfer. This change resulted in Aberdeen Group plc holding 24,490,437 voting rights, representing 3.89% of the total 629,002,525 voting rights in Cairn Homes Plc. The notification indicates that the shares are managed by abrdn Investment Management Limited within multiple portfolios on behalf of underlying clients. Disclaimer* Cairn Homes Plc (CRN) Cairn Homes Plc: Holding(s) in Company 27-May-2026 / 16:25 GMT/BST Standard Form TR-1 Standard form for notification of major holdings NOTIFICATION OF MAJOR HOLDINGS (to be sent to the relevant issuer and to the Central Bank of Ireland) i 1. Identity of the issuer or the underlying issuer of existing shares to which voting rights are attached ii : Cairn Homes Plc 2. Reason for the notification (please tick the appropriate box or boxes): [ ] An acquisition or disposal of voting rights [ ] An acquisition or disposal of financial instruments [ ] An event changing the breakdown of voting rights [X] Other (please specify) iii : Due to an external in-specie transfer. 3. Details of person subject to the notification obligation iv : Name: Aberdeen Group plc City and country of registered office (if applicable): Edinburgh, Scotland 4. Full name of shareholder(s) (if different from 3.) v : 5. Date on which the threshold was crossed or reached vi : 26/05/2026 6. Date on which issuer notified: 27/05/2026 7. Threshold(s) that is/are crossed or reached : 4% 8. Total positions of person(s) subject to the notification obligation: % of voting rights attached to shares (total of 9.A) % of voting rights through financial instruments (total of 9.B.1 + 9.B.2) Total of both in % (9.A + 9.B) Total number of voting rights of issuer vii Resulting situation on the date on which threshold was crossed or reached 3.89 0.00 3.89 629,002,525 Position of previous notification (if applicable) 4.65 0.00 4.65 9. Notified details of the resulting situation on the date on which the threshold was crossed or reached viii : A: Voting rights attached to shares Class/type of shares ISIN code (if possible) Number of voting rights ix % of voting rights Direct Indirect Direct Indirect IE00BWY4ZF18 N/A 24,490,437 N/A 3.89 SUBTOTAL A 24,490,437 3.89 B 1: Financial Instruments according to Regulation 17(1)(a) of the Regulations Type of financial instrument Expiration date x Exercise/ Conversion Period xi Number of voting rights that may be acquired if the instrument is exercised/converted. % of voting rights SUBTOTAL B.1 B 2: Financial Instruments with similar economic effect according to Regulation 17(1)(b) of the Regulations Type of financial instrument Expiration date x Exercise/ Conversion Period xi Physical or cash settlement xii Number of voting rights % of voting rights SUBTOTAL B.2 10. Information in relation to the person subject to the notification obligation (please tick the applicable box) : [ ] Person subject to the notification obligation is not controlled by any natural person or legal entity and does not control any other undertaking(s) holding directly or indirectly an interest in the (underlying) issuer. xiii [X] Full chain of controlled undertakings through which the voting rights and/or the financial instruments are effectively held starting with the ultimate controlling natural person or legal entity xiv : Name xv % of voting rights if it equals or is higher than the notifiable threshold % of voting rights through financial instruments if it equals or is higher than the notifiable threshold Total of both if it equals or is higher than the notifiable threshold Aberdeen Group plc abrdn Investments (Holdings) Limited abrdn Investment Management Limited 3.61 0.00 3.61 Aberdeen Group plc abrdn Holdings Limited abrdn Investments Limited 11. In case of proxy voting: [ name of the proxy holder ] will cease to hold [% and number ] voting rights as of [ date ] 12. Additional information xvi : In reference to Section 10, the shares detailed are managed by the named discretionary investment management entity within multiple portfolios on behalf of underlying clients, based on investment management agreements whereby the client has delegated the exercise of the voting power to the referenced investment manager. Done at Edinburgh on 27 May 2026. Dissemination of a Regulatory Announcement, transmitted by EQS Group . The issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement. View original content: EQS News ISIN: IE00BWY4ZF18 Category Code: HOL TIDM: CRN LEI Code: 635400DPX6WP2KKDOA83 Sequence No.: 428863 EQS News ID: 2334528 End of Announcement EQS News Service AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Cairn Homes (CDI) (CRN) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 2 hours ago GCM Resources 4 hours ago Pinewood Technologies Group 4 hours ago Cropper (James) 5 hours ago Keller Group 7 hours ago IWG All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and