BETA Close X Cairn Homes plc has announced a €50 million share buyback programme, commencing on September 2, 2026, and potentially running until September 1, 2027. This programme, executed through irrevocable arrangements with Goodbody Stockbrokers and Deutsche Bank, aims to reduce the company's share capital, with repurchased shares intended for cancellation. The buyback will initially operate under the company's existing general authority and will be subject to shareholder approval for continuation beyond that period, adhering to market abuse regulations. Disclaimer* Cairn Homes Plc (CRN) Cairn Homes Plc: €50 Million Share Buyback Programme 02-Sep-2026 / 07:05 GMT/BST Cairn Homes plc €50 Million Share Buyback Programme Dublin / London, 2 September 2026: Cairn Homes plc (‘Cairn’, ‘the Company’ or ’the Group) (Euronext Dublin: C5H / LSE: CRN), today announces, following the release of its 2026 Interim Results earlier this morning, the commencement of a share buyback programme to repurchase ordinary shares of up to €50 million. The Company has entered into irrevocable, non-discretionary arrangements with Goodbody Stockbrokers UC (“Goodbody”) and Deutsche Bank AG (acting through its London branch) (“Deutsche Bank”) to repurchase ordinary shares on the Company’s behalf up to a maximum consideration of €50 million (the “Share Buyback Programme”). The Share Buyback Programme will commence today, 2 September 2026, and may continue until 1 September 2027 subject to market conditions, the ongoing capital requirements of the business and termination provisions customary for arrangements of this nature. The maximum number of ordinary shares to be repurchased under the Share Buyback Programme is (i) initially 94,350,379 pursuant to the Company's general authority to repurchase ordinary shares approved by shareholders at the Company's AGM on 30 April 2026 (the "2026 Repurchase Authority") and (ii) subject to shareholder approval, thereafter shall be determined by reference to, and in accordance with, the general authority to repurchase ordinary shares at the Company's 2027 AGM (or at an earlier EGM, as applicable) (the "2027 Repurchase Authority") and these may be repurchased on either Euronext Dublin or the London Stock Exchange. The purpose of the Share Buyback Programme is to reduce the Company's share capital. It is intended that the shares repurchased will be cancelled. Goodbody and Deutsche Bank will make their trading decisions in relation to the Company's shares independently of, and uninfluenced by, the Company and in accordance with certain pre-set parameters. The Share Buyback Programme will be conducted (i) initially in accordance with the 2026 Repurchase Authority, and the continuation of the Share Buyback Programme will be contingent on the approval of the shareholders of the 2027 Repurchase Authority and (ii) within the parameters prescribed by the Market Abuse Regulation 596/2014/EU and the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1052 (including as it forms part of the law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended or supplemented in the United Kingdom thereafter)) as well as the applicable laws and regulations of Euronext Dublin and the London Stock Exchange. The Share Buyback Programme may be supplemented by the purchase of ordinary shares by way of block trades in accordance with the Company's general authority to repurchase shares. The maximum consideration payable by the Company under the Share Buyback Programme will be reduced by the corresponding amount of capital returned through block trades. Details of any ordinary shares repurchased will be notified to a Regulatory Information Service by the Company following any repurchase. The Company confirms that currently it has no unpublished inside information. -ENDS- For further information, contact: Cairn Homes plc +353 1 696 4600 Tara Grimley, Company Secretary Richard Ball, Chief Financial Officer Ailbhe Molloy, Head of Investor Relations Drury Communications +353 1 260 5000 Billy Murphy Conor Mulligan Notes to Editors Cairn is an Irish homebuilder committed to building high-quality, competitively priced, sustainable new homes and communities in great locations. At Cairn, the homeowner is at the very centre of the design process. We strive to provide unparalleled customer service throughout each stage of the home-buying journey. A new Cairn home is expertly designed, with a focus on creating shared spaces and environments where communities thrive. Dissemination of a Regulatory Announcement, transmitted by EQS Group . The issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement. View original content: EQS News ISIN: IE00BWY4ZF18 Category Code: MSCL TIDM: CRN LEI Code: 635400DPX6WP2KKDOA83 Sequence No.: 441668 EQS News ID: 2391982 End of Announcement EQS News Service AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Cairn Homes (CDI) (CRN) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 day ago Ondo Insurtech 1 day ago Ondo Insurtech 1 day ago Sunbelt Rentals Holdings, Inc. 1 day ago Savannah Energy 1 day ago Savills All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and