BETA Close X The Capital Group Companies, Inc. has increased its holding in Cairn Homes Plc, crossing the 8.00% threshold of total voting rights outstanding. This acquisition brings their total voting rights to 8.12% of the 629,002,525 total voting rights, up from a previous holding of 7.11%. The notification, dated April 10, 2026, indicates that Capital Research and Management Company also increased its stake above 8.00%. The shares are held indirectly through various investment vehicles managed by Capital Group, with no affiliates owning shares for their own account. Disclaimer* Cairn Homes Plc (CRN) Cairn Homes Plc: Holding(s) in Company 13-Apr-2026 / 10:36 GMT/BST Standard Form TR-1 Standard form for notification of major holdings NOTIFICATION OF MAJOR HOLDINGS (to be sent to the relevant issuer and to the Central Bank of Ireland) 1. Identity of the issuer or the underlying issuer of existing shares to which voting rights are attached: Cairn Homes PLC 2. Reason for the notification (please tick the appropriate box or boxes): [X] An acquisition or disposal of voting rights [ ] An acquisition or disposal of financial instruments [ ] An event changing the breakdown of voting rights [ ] Other (please specify): 3. Details of person subject to the notification obligation: Name: The Capital Group Companies, Inc. City and country of registered office (if applicable): Los Angeles, USA 4. Full name of shareholder(s) (if different from 3.): See Box 10 5. Date on which the threshold was crossed or reached: 09 Apr 2026 6. Date on which issuer notified: 10 Apr 2026 7. Threshold(s) that is/are crossed or reached: The Capital Group Companies, Inc. increased above 8.00% of total voting rights outstanding. Capital Research and Management Company increased above 8.00% of total voting rights outstanding. 8. Total positions of person(s) subject to the notification obligation: % of voting rights attached to shares (total of 9.A) % of voting rights through financial instruments (total of 9.B.1 + 9.B.2) Total of both in % (9.A + 9.B) Total number of voting rights of issuer Resulting situation on the date on which threshold was crossed or reached 8.12% 0.00% 8.12% 629,002,525 Position of previous notification (if applicable) 7.11% 0.00% 7.11% 9. Notified details of the resulting situation on the date on which the threshold was crossed or reached: A: Voting rights attached to shares Class/type of shares ISIN code (if possible) Number of voting rights % of voting rights Direct Indirect Direct Indirect IE00BWY4ZF18 Common Stock 51,063,517 8.12% SUBTOTAL A 51,063,517 8.12% B 1: Financial Instruments according to Regulation 17(1)(a) of the Regulations Type of financial instrument Expiration date Exercise/ Conversion Period Number of voting rights that may be acquired if the instrument is exercised/converted % of voting rights N/A SUBTOTAL B.1 B 2: Financial Instruments with similar economic effect according to Regulation 17(1)(b) of the Regulations Type of financial instrument Expiration date Exercise/ Conversion Period Physical or cash settlement Number of voting rights % of voting rights N/A SUBTOTAL B.2 10. Information in relation to the person subject to the notification obligation (please tick the applicable box): [ ] Person subject to the notification obligation is not controlled by any natural person or legal entity and does not control any other undertaking(s) holding directly or indirectly an interest in the (underlying) issuer. [X] Full chain of controlled undertakings through which the voting rights and/or the financial instruments are effectively held starting with the ultimate controlling natural person or legal entity: Name % of voting rights if it equals or is higher than the notifiable threshold % of voting rights through financial instruments if it equals or is higher than the notifiable threshold Total of both if it equals or is higher than the notifiable threshold Capital Research and Management Company 8.12% 8.12% SMALLCAP World Fund, Inc. (a mutual fund managed by Capital Research and Management Company) 7.89% 7.89% Total 8.12% 8.12% 11. In case of proxy voting: [name of the proxy holder] will cease to hold [% and number ] voting rights as of [date] . 12. Additional information: The Capital Group Companies, Inc. (”CGC”) is the parent company of Capital Research and Management Company (”CRMC”) and Capital Bank & Trust Company (”CB&T”). CRMC is a U.S.-based investment management company that serves as investment manager to the American Funds family of mutual funds, other pooled investment vehicles, as well as individual and institutional clients. CRMC and its investment manager affiliates manage equity assets for various investment companies through three divisions, Capital Research Global Investors, Capital International Investors and Capital World Investors. CRMC is the parent company of Capital Group International, Inc. (”CGII”), which in turn is the parent company of six investment management companies (”CGII management companies”): Capital International, Inc., Capital International Limited, Capital International Sàrl, Capital International K.K., Capital Group Private Client Services Inc, and Capital Group Investment Management Private Limited. CGII management companies primarily serve as investment managers to institutional and high net worth clients. CB&T is a U.S.-based registered investment adviser and an affiliated federally chartered bank. Neither CGC nor any of its affiliates own shares of the Issuer for its own account. Rather, the shares reported on this Notification are owned by accounts under the discretionary investment management of one or more of the investment management companies described above. Done at Los Angeles on 10 Apr 2026. Dissemination of a Regulatory Announcement, transmitted by EQS Group . The issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement. View original content: EQS News ISIN: IE00BWY4ZF18 Category Code: HOL TIDM: CRN LEI Code: 635400DPX6WP2KKDOA83 Sequence No.: 423770 EQS News ID: 2307128 End of Announcement EQS News Service AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Cairn Homes (CDI) (CRN) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 2 hours ago GCM Resources 4 hours ago Pinewood Technologies Group 4 hours ago Cropper (James) 5 hours ago Keller Group 7 hours ago IWG All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and