BETA Close X Cairn Homes Plc provided a trading update ahead of its 2026 AGM, reporting a continued strong order book of approximately 3,850 new homes with a net sales value of €1.5 billion, an increase of 400 homes since their last update. Despite build cost inflation rising to around 2.5% due to geopolitical volatility, the company expects no material impact on its full-year outlook. Cairn reaffirms its FY26 guidance, projecting revenue between €1.05 billion and €1.08 billion, operating profit of €180 million to €185 million, and a Return on Equity of approximately 16.5%. The company also highlighted its commitment to sustainable homes, having delivered 600 Passive House certified apartments to partners. Disclaimer* Cairn Homes Plc (CRN) Cairn Homes Plc: 2026 AGM Trading Update 30-Apr-2026 / 07:00 GMT/BST 2026 AGM Trading Update Buoyant Demand Continues Dublin / London, 30 April 2026: Cairn Homes plc (‘Cairn’, ‘the Company’ or ‘the Group’) (Euronext Dublin: C5H / LSE: CRN) is holding our Annual General Meeting (‘AGM’) today at 12.00 noon at The Merrion Hotel, Merrion Street Upper, Dublin 2 and in advance provides the following update on current trading for FY26. Current Trading Our closed and forward order book now stands at c.3,850 new homes (net sales values of €1.5 billion), an increase of c.400 new homes in the eight weeks since we reported our FY25 results (4 March 2026: 3,452 new homes, net sales value of €1.32 billion). We expect this growth to continue, with further spring launches planned in the coming weeks (primarily targeted at our First Time Buyer customers) and a strong pipeline of apartments on large mixed tenure schemes for our state partners and private buyers supported by the impactful Croí Cónaithe (Cities) Scheme. This continued momentum, supported by our prior year investment in operational scaling will deliver a strong H1 outturn, underpinning our full year growth. Whilst not weakening customer sentiment, the ongoing geopolitical volatility has impacted Build Cost Inflation year to date (now running at c.2.5%). We will remain alert to the conflict in the Middle East and any further inflationary pressures that may result as the year progresses, however, as things stand today we do not expect there to be a material impact on our full year outlook. Against a backdrop of increasing global energy costs, our commitment to delivering sustainable homes with lower lifetime energy usage remains steadfast. In April, the founder of the Passive House Institute (a lead ing in de pend ent re search in sti tu te) attended the certification of three of our large Passive House apartment developments in Dublin. The first 600 apartments have now been delivered to this high standard to our Land Development Agency (LDA) and AHB partners. These new affordable cost rental and social apartments will deliver meaningful long-term benefits to their customers by substantially reducing their utility bills during their tenancies. Outlook The Company is firmly positioned to achieve significant growth, delivering c.6,000 new homes between this year and next, including c.3,200 homes in 2027. The Company reaffirms our FY26 guidance: Revenue of c.€1.05 – €1.08 billion; Operating profit of c.€180 – €185 million; and ROE 1 of c.16.5%. For further information, contact: Cairn Homes plc +353 1 696 4600 Michael Stanley, Chief Executive Officer Richard Ball, Chief Financial Officer Ailbhe Molloy, Head of Investor Relations Drury Communications +353 1 260 5000 Billy Murphy Conor Mulligan Notes to Editors Cairn is an Irish homebuilder committed to building high-quality, competitively priced, sustainable new homes and communities in great locations. At Cairn, the homeowner is at the very centre of the design process. We strive to provide unparalleled customer service throughout each stage of the home-buying journey. A new Cairn home is expertly designed, with a focus on creating shared spaces and environments where communities thrive. 1 ROE (Return on Equity) is defined as profit after tax divided by the average of the opening and closing total equity in the financial year. Dissemination of a Regulatory Announcement, transmitted by EQS Group . The issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement. View original content: EQS News ISIN: IE00BWY4ZF18 Category Code: TST TIDM: CRN LEI Code: 635400DPX6WP2KKDOA83 Sequence No.: 425757 EQS News ID: 2318456 End of Announcement EQS News Service AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Cairn Homes (CDI) (CRN) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 2 hours ago GCM Resources 4 hours ago Pinewood Technologies Group 4 hours ago Cropper (James) 5 hours ago Keller Group 7 hours ago IWG All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and