BETA Close X Cairn Homes plc announced the appointment of Alan Ralph as an independent non-executive Director, effective July 1, 2026, who will also join the Audit & Risk Committee and the Remuneration Committee. Ralph brings extensive financial and leadership experience, including a prior role as Chief Financial Officer at UDG Healthcare plc and current non-executive directorships at DCC plc and Origin Enterprises plc. This appointment is part of the company's ongoing board refreshment strategy and is intended to strengthen the expertise guiding Cairn's future growth. Disclaimer* Cairn Homes Plc (CRN) Cairn Homes Plc: Appointment of Alan Ralph as Independent Non-Executive Director 15-May-2026 / 07:00 GMT/BST Directorate Change Appointment of Alan Ralph as an Independent Non-Executive Director Dublin 15 May 2026: Cairn Homes plc (“Cairn” or “the Company”), a leading Irish homebuilding company, is pleased to announce the appointment of Alan Ralph as an independent non-executive Director, effective 1 July 2026. On appointment, Alan will also join the Audit & Risk Committee and the Remuneration Committee. The appointment follows a thorough selection process, supported by an independent search agency, which considered a wide range of highly skilled and experienced candidates as part of Cairn’s ongoing and orderly refreshment of the Board. Alan Ralph Biography Alan is a Fellow of Chartered Accountants Ireland and brings a wealth of leadership, finance and commercial experience, as well as a strong track record in governance and strategic transformation. Alan currently serves as a Non-Executive Director of DCC plc and Origin Enterprises plc, where he chairs the Audit Committee of both companies. Previously, Alan spent 20 years with UDG Healthcare plc, including ten years as Managing Director leading its largest division, and five years as Chief Financial Officer, where he played a key role in UDG’s strategic transformation. Bernard Byrne, Chairman of Cairn, commented: “ We are delighted to welcome Alan to the Board of Cairn. Alan brings extensive business and commercial leadership expertise and is a highly experienced non-executive director. As Cairn embarks on its next phase of growth, Alan’s appointment will further strengthen the depth of expertise guiding Cairn's future.” ENDS For further information, contact: Cairn Homes plc +353 1 696 4600 Tara Grimley, Company Secretary Michael Stanley, Chief Executive Officer Richard Ball, Chief Financial Officer Ailbhe Molloy, Head of Investor Relations Drury Communications +353 1 260 5000 Gavin McLoughlin Billy Murphy Conor Mulligan Notes to Editors Cairn is an Irish homebuilder committed to building high-quality, competitively priced, sustainable new homes and communities in great locations. At Cairn, the homeowner is at the very centre of the design process. We strive to provide unparalleled customer service throughout each stage of the home-buying journey. A new Cairn home is expertly designed, with a focus on creating shared spaces and environments where communities thrive. Dissemination of a Regulatory Announcement, transmitted by EQS Group . The issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement. View original content: EQS News ISIN: IE00BWY4ZF18 Category Code: BOA TIDM: CRN LEI Code: 635400DPX6WP2KKDOA83 Sequence No.: 427420 EQS News ID: 2327688 End of Announcement EQS News Service AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Cairn Homes (CDI) (CRN) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 2 hours ago GCM Resources 4 hours ago Pinewood Technologies Group 4 hours ago Cropper (James) 5 hours ago Keller Group 7 hours ago IWG All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and