BETA Close X Cairn Homes plc announced the allotment of 3,426,403 new ordinary shares of €0.001 each, pursuant to the vesting of share awards under its Long Term Incentive Plan for employees. Application has been made for these new shares to be admitted to trading on Euronext Dublin and the UK Listing Authority's Official List, with admission expected on April 7, 2026. Following this issuance, the company's total issued share capital will increase to 629,002,525 ordinary shares, which will rank pari passu with existing shares. Disclaimer* Cairn Homes Plc (CRN) Cairn Homes Plc: Issue of Equity for Vesting of share awards under the Cairn Homes plc Long Term Incentive Plan 02-Apr-2026 / 07:00 GMT/BST Cairn Homes plc Issue of Equity for Vesting of share awards under the Cairn Homes plc Long Term Incentive Plan Dublin/London, 2 April 2026: Cairn Homes plc (‘Cairn’, ‘the Company’ or ‘the Group’) (Euronext Dublin: C5H/LSE: CRN) announces that the Company has approved the allotment of 3,426,403 new ordinary shares of €0.001 each in the Company (the “Ordinary Shares”) pursuant to the vesting of share awards for a number of employees under the Cairn Homes plc Long Term Incentive Plan. Application has been made for the new Ordinary Shares to be admitted to trading on the Official List of Euronext Dublin and to the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and it is expected that admission will take place on 7 April 2026. The new Ordinary Shares will rank pari passu with the existing shares of the Company. Following this allotment, the total issued share capital of the Company will increase to 629,002,525 ordinary shares. For further information, contact: Cairn Homes plc +353 1 696 4600 Tara Grimley, Company Secretary Notes to Editors Cairn is an Irish homebuilder committed to building high-quality, competitively priced, sustainable new homes and communities in great locations. At Cairn, the homeowner is at the very centre of the design process. We strive to provide unparalleled customer service throughout each stage of the home-buying journey. A new Cairn home is expertly designed, with a focus on creating shared spaces and environments where communities thrive. Dissemination of a Regulatory Announcement, transmitted by EQS Group . The issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement. View original content: EQS News ISIN: IE00BWY4ZF18 Category Code: TVR TIDM: CRN LEI Code: 635400DPX6WP2KKDOA83 Sequence No.: 422887 EQS News ID: 2302568 End of Announcement EQS News Service AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Cairn Homes (CDI) (CRN) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 2 hours ago GCM Resources 4 hours ago Pinewood Technologies Group 4 hours ago Cropper (James) 5 hours ago Keller Group 7 hours ago IWG All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and