BETA Close X Wickes Group Plc announced the appointment of Octavia Morley as a Non-executive Director and Senior Independent Director, effective June 1, 2026, bringing extensive retail and board experience. Concurrently, Laura Harricks will step down as a Non-executive Director on July 31, 2026, to focus on her new Chief Customer Officer role at Dunelm. Disclaimer* Wickes Group PLC 19 May 2026 Wickes Group Plc (the 'Company') Directorate Change Wickes Group Plc is pleased to announce that Octavia Morley has been appointed as a Non-executive Director and a member of the Company's Audit and Risk, Nominations, Remuneration and Responsible Business Committees with effect from 1 June 2026. From the same date, Octavia will also take up the position of Senior Independent Director, replacing Mark Clare. Mark will continue to be a Non-executive Director of the Company and Chair of the Remuneration Committee. Octavia brings extensive retail experience in both executive and non-executive roles. She has held various senior operational and strategic roles at companies including Asda Stores Limited, Laura Ashley Holdings plc and Woolworths plc. Octavia was Chief Executive Officer, and then Chair, at LighterLife UK Limited. She was also Managing Director of Crew Clothing Co Limited and Chief Executive at OKA Direct Limited. Octavia is currently the Senior Independent Director and Remuneration Committee Chair of Currys plc, Senior Independent Director and Remuneration Committee Chair of Marston's PLC and Chair of Banner Group Limited, a privately owned company. She formerly held non-executive director roles at Crest Nicholson plc, Ascensos Limited, Card Factory plc and John Menzies plc. Commenting on Octavia's appointment, Chris Rogers, Chair of Wickes Group Plc said: "We are delighted to welcome Octavia to Wickes. Octavia has extensive board and retail business experience and her skillsets and insight will be of great value to our Board" There is no further information to be disclosed in respect of Octavia Morley under paragraphs 6.4.8R(1) to (6) of the Listing Rules. In addition, pursuant to paragraph 6.4.6R(2) of the Listing Rules, following her appointment as Chief Customer Officer at Dunelm, Laura Harricks, a Non-executive Director of the Company, has confirmed her intention to step down from the Board on 31 July 2026 to focus on her new role. The Board would like to take this opportunity to thank Laura for her valued contribution to the Company during her tenure and wish her well for the future. For further information please contact: Helen O'Keefe General Counsel and Company Secretary Tel: (44) 1923 656600 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Wickes Group (WIX) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 47 minutes ago Canal+ SA 1 hour ago PayPoint 2 hours ago Premier Miton Group 3 hours ago Braemar 3 hours ago Hill and Smith All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and