BETA Close X Wickes Group Plc has successfully completed its £10 million share buyback programme, repurchasing 5,088,476 ordinary shares between April 7, 2026, and June 5, 2026, for cancellation. The average repurchase price was 196.5 pence per share, with the total cost of the shares themselves amounting to £10 million. This buyback represents approximately 2.2 per cent. of the company's issued share capital at the programme's commencement. Disclaimer* Wickes Group PLC 08 June 2026 8 June 2026 Wickes Group Plc Completion of 2026 Share Buyback Programme In April 2026, Wickes Group Plc (the "Company") announced the commencement of a £10 million share buyback programme (the "Programme"). The Company is pleased to announce that it has completed this Programme. Between 7 April 2026 and 5 June 2026, 5,088,476 ordinary shares were repurchased for cancellation at an average price of 196.5 pence per share and a total cost (excluding associated costs and stamp duty) of £10 million. This represents approximately 2.2 per cent. of the issued share capital when this buyback programme commenced. For further information please contact: Holly Grainger Director of Investor Relations +44 (0)7341 680426 holly.grainger@wickes.co.uk This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Wickes Group (WIX) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 day ago Canal+ SA 1 day ago PayPoint 1 day ago Premier Miton Group 1 day ago Braemar 1 day ago Hill and Smith All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and