Across The Markets: Wickes, Trustpilot, IP Group 2026-03-17 08:54:43 (5 months ago) Related Companies: IP Group (IPO) , Trustpilot Group (TRST) , Wickes Group (WIX) IP Group The investor in breakthrough science and technology companies, IP Group, this morning issued full year results . NAV was up by 13% and following the sale of Metsera to Pfizer, the group has been able to recognise future royalties on a discounted basis. The company has a strong cash balance sheet and management are optimistic over the outlook, noting that many investee companies have recently received funding and expectations are for significant cash realisations to be made over the next couple of years. The IP Group share price was up 9% in early trade. Wickes Group Full year results from builders merchants and DIY store Wickes were released this morning, showing revenues up 5.9% and an improved adjusted gross profit margin of 40 basis points. Management note a strong year of progress with retail taking record market share, adding that store refurbishment plans have been delivering results too so the investment drive here will now accelerate. The Wickes share price was trading as much as 5% higher at the open although was quick to hand back some of those gains. Trustpilot The online review website announced this morning that it would kick off a further £22.5m share buyback once the previous round completes. A £30m capital return was announced late last year, with this then being expanded by a further £10m in January and the round appears to be more than 99% complete. That news comes on top of earnings that saw profitability reported as being ahead of expectations and forecasts of high teens revenue growth for the year ahead. The Trustpilot share price was up almost 20% approaching 9am. Most read news on Investegate this morning Preliminary Results - - Primary Health Properties (PHP) Travis Perkins plc - 2025 Results Announcement - - Travis Perkins (TPK) Preliminary Results - - Zotefoams (ZTF) Disclaimer: This information does not constitute investment advice, nor does it necessarily reflect the views and opinions of Investegate. If in doubt consult a financial professional. Other Across the Markets Posts Across the Markets: Mila Resources, Rockhopper, Applied Nutrition 26-08-2026 (3 hours ago) Related Companies: Rockhopper Exploration (RKH) , Mila Resources (MILA) , Applied Nutrition Plc (APN) 26 August 2026 Across the Markets: Tungsten West, easyJet, Gulf Keystone 25-08-2026 (1 day ago) Related Companies: easyJet (EZJ) , Gulf Keystone Petroleum Ltd Com Shs (DI) (GKP) , Tungsten West (TUN) 25 August 2026 Across the Markets: GSK, Rockhopper, Huddled 24-08-2026 (2 days ago) Related Companies: GSK (GSK) , Rockhopper Exploration (RKH) , Huddled Group (HUD) 24 August 2026 Across The Markets: PPHE, Knights Group, Trellus 21-08-2026 (5 days ago) Related Companies: PPHE Hotel Group Ltd (PPH) , Knights Group Holdings (KGH) , Trellus Health (TRLS) 21st August 2026 Across The Markets 20-08-2026 (6 days ago) Related Companies: Hays (HAS) , Banco Santander S.A. (BNC) , ATOME Energy (ATOM) 20th August 2026 UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 hour ago Tharisa (DI) 2 hours ago PayPoint 2 hours ago Tritax Big Box Reit 2 hours ago Rockfire Resources 2 hours ago Sirius Real Estate Ltd. All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and