BETA Close X Wickes Group Plc has successfully completed its £20 million share buyback programme, repurchasing 9,374,565 ordinary shares between March 31, 2025, and December 23, 2025, at an average price of 213.3 pence per share, representing approximately 3.9 per cent of the issued share capital at the programme's commencement. The company will provide an update on future buyback plans with its Full Year results in March 2026. Disclaimer* Wickes Group PLC 24 December 2025 24 December 2025 Wickes Group Plc Completion of 2025 Share Buyback Programme In March 2025, Wickes Group Plc (the "Company") announced the commencement of a £20 million share buyback programme (the "Programme"). The Company is pleased to announce that it has completed this Programme. Between 31 March 2025 and 23 December 2025, 9,374,565 ordinary shares were repurchased for cancellation at an average price of 213.3 pence per share and a total cost (excluding associated costs and stamp duty) of £20 million. This represents approximately 3.9 per cent. of the issued share capital when this buyback programme commenced. An update on future plans in relation to buyback programmes will be provided with the release of the Company's Full Year results in March 2026. For further information please contact: Holly Grainger Director of Investor Relations +44 (0)7341 680426 holly.grainger@wickes.co.uk This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Wickes Group (WIX) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 53 minutes ago Taseko Mines Limited NPV (DI) 53 minutes ago Taseko Mines Limited NPV (DI) 53 minutes ago Xeros Technology Group 53 minutes ago Plus500 Ltd (DI) 53 minutes ago Capital for Colleagues plc All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and