BETA Close X Wickes Group PLC has announced that a Person Discharging Managerial Responsibilities (PDMR), David Wood, reinvested the final cash dividend paid on June 5, 2026, through the Wickes Share Incentive Plan. This resulted in the acquisition of 7 ordinary shares of 10 pence each at a price of 173.16 pence per share on June 5, 2026, with the total transaction value being 1212.12 pence. This notification is made in accordance with UK Market Abuse Regulation requirements. Disclaimer* Wickes Group PLC 08 June 2026 Wickes Group PLC (the 'Company') Notifications of transactions by Persons Discharging Managerial Responsibilities (together 'PDMRs') The Wickes Share Incentive Plan ("SIP") - Dividend Reinvestment The Company was notified on 8 June 2026 that the final cash dividend paid by the Company on 5 June 2026 was reinvested by way of an election under The Wickes Share Incentive Plan to purchase shares of 10p each in the Company on 5 June 2026 for the PDMR as set out below: PDMR Number of Shares acquired Share Price David Wood 7 173.16p The Notification of Dealing Form can be found below. This Notification is made in accordance with the requirements of the UK Market Abuse Regulation. For further information please contact: Marie Williamson Director of Legal & Governance Tel: (44) 7552 211056 Notification of dealing form 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities/ person closely associated a) Name David Wood 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/Status PDMR b) Initial notification/Amendment Initial notification 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name Wickes Group plc b) LEI 213800IEX9ZXJRAOL133 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and; (iv) each place where transaction have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Identification code Ordinary Shares of 10 pence each ISIN:GB00BL6C2002 b) Nature of the transaction Dividend Shares purchased by the SIP Provider, Equiniti Share Plan Trustees Limited on behalf of and awarded to participants under the Wickes Share Incentive Plan c) Price(s) and volume (s) Price(s) Volume(s) 173.16p 7 d) Aggregated information -Aggregated volume -Price Aggregate Price Aggregate Volume Aggregate Total 173.16p 7 1212.12p e) Date of the transaction 5 June 2026 f) Place of the transaction XLON This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Wickes Group (WIX) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 48 minutes ago Canal+ SA 1 hour ago PayPoint 2 hours ago Premier Miton Group 3 hours ago Braemar 3 hours ago Hill and Smith All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and