BETA Close X Wickes Group PLC reported a 1.3% revenue increase to £537 million for the 17 weeks ending April 25, 2026, driven by strong performance in Design & Installation, which saw revenue growth of 6.4% to £145 million, and TradePro sales up 4%. While Retail revenue saw a slight decline of 0.4% to £392 million, this was attributed to adverse weather impacting outdoor projects, with indoor project sales remaining strong and two-year Retail revenue up 8.9%. The company is accelerating its store rollout strategy, planning 4-5 new openings and 15-20 refits in 2026, and remains comfortable with consensus expectations for adjusted PBT for the full year. Disclaimer* Wickes Group PLC 12 May 2026 12 May 2026 Wickes Group plc - Trading Update for the 17 weeks to 25 April 2026 Continued growth in revenue, driven by Design & Installation and TradePro Comfortable with market forecasts for 2026 adjusted PBT The start of 2026 has seen Wickes deliver 1.3% revenue growth, driven by continued volume growth in Design & Installation and TradePro. 17 weeks to 25 April 2026 3 Retail 1 Revenue £392m Revenue growth (0.4)% LFL revenue growth (1.7)% Design & Installation Ranges 2 Revenue £ 145 m Revenue growth 6.4% LFL revenue growth 4.3% Group Revenue £537m Revenue growth 1.3% LFL revenue growth (0.1)% Retail revenues were broadly maintained year-on-year, despite, as previously highlighted, market demand for outdoor projects having been significantly impacted by exceptional rainfall, compared to more favourable conditions last year. On a two-year basis, Retail revenue increased by 8.9%. Sales from indoor projects remained in growth during the period, approximately eight percentage points ahead of outdoor categories. We continued to deliver overall volume growth in Retail as our prices have remained deflationary, in low single digits. Further market outperformance has led to continued market share growth, with particular gains in interior paint, tiling & flooring and timber. Within Retail, TradePro continued to perform well, with sales up 4% year-on-year, as local trade professionals continue to choose Wickes to save them time and money. Active TradePro members 4 increased by 9% year-on-year to 662,000. DIY sales in particular reflected the weather pattern noted above. Customers continue to react positively to our enhanced Design & Installation proposition. Delivered sales 5 have now been in positive growth for four consecutive quarters, as we fulfil the order book built during 2025. So far in 2026 we have grown the number of Design & Installation projects ordered. We have seen strong growth in bathrooms and Wickes Lifestyle Kitchens, whilst orders for Bespoke Kitchens have slowed, as customers are being more considered in their overall project spend. Ordered sales 6 by value for the period were therefore slightly lower than in the same period last year. As announced at our recent full year results, we are accelerating investment in our new store rollout strategy, with an ambition to reach 300 stores. We are in the process of securing our future property pipeline, having already identified the optimal locations. For 2026 we expect to open 4-5 new stores and to refit or refresh 15-20 stores. During the period we refreshed three stores. Investment in our proven growth levers positions us well for 2026 and beyond. Whilst the market environment remains uncertain, our value-led business model leaves us well-positioned and we expect Retail sales to return to growth. We have a good productivity plan in place and will additionally benefit from lower business rates following the latest revaluation. As such we remain comfortable with consensus expectations 7 for adjusted PBT for 2026. David Wood, Chief Executive of Wickes, commented: "We are pleased to have achieved further volume growth in the first 17 weeks of the year. TradePro continues to go from strength to strength, while the performance in Design & Installation is testament to our broadened offer across kitchens and bathrooms. Our proven growth strategy gives us added confidence as we accelerate our new store rollout and refresh programme." Enquiries Investors and Analysts Holly Grainger Director of Investor Relations +44 (0)7341 680426 holly.grainger@wickes.co.uk Media Lucy Legh, Will Smith, Eleanor Evans PR Advisers to Wickes +44 (0)203 805 4822 wickes@headlandconsultancy.com About Wickes Wickes is a digitally-led, service-enabled home improvement retailer, delivering choice, convenience, value and best-in-class service to customers across the United Kingdom, making it well placed to outperform its growing markets. In response to gradual structural shifts in its markets over recent years, Wickes has a balanced business focusing on three key customer journeys - TradePro, DIY (together reported as Retail) and our project-based Design & Installation division. Wickes operates from its network of 230 right-sized stores, which support nationwide fulfilment from convenient locations throughout the United Kingdom, and through its digital channels including its website, TradePro mobile app for trade members, and Wickes DIY app. These digital channels allow customers to research and order an extended range of Wickes products and services, arrange virtual and in-person design consultations, and organise convenient Home Delivery or Click-and-Collect. Footnotes 1) Retail revenue relates to all products and related delivery income sold to customers (both DIY and local trade), in stores or online, excluding those reported as Design & Installation Ranges. 2) Design & Installation Ranges revenue includes all product categories which could be sold as part of a design and/or installation and where the majority of sales of those products are designed and/or installed. This relates principally to projects such as kitchens and bathrooms, sold by our Design Consultants, as well as Wickes Solar. Revenue is recognised when delivery and installation (where applicable) is complete. Design & Installation Ranges includes Wickes Solar from 21 May 2024 onwards. 3) Year-on-year growth percentages are based on revised prior-year comparative figures, ensuring a consistent comparison with the current period. 4) TradePro members deemed 'active' are those who have shopped with us in the last 12 months. 5) Delivered sales refers to the revenue which is recognised when the Group has satisfied its performance obligation to the customer and the customer has obtained control of the goods or services being transferred. 6) Ordered sales refers to the value of orders at the point when the order has been placed. 7) As at 8 May 2026, consensus complied from all 11 covering analysts is for adjusted PBT in 2026 of a mean of £57.1m, with a range of £54.0m-£59.4m. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Wickes Group (WIX) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 53 minutes ago Taseko Mines Limited NPV (DI) 53 minutes ago Taseko Mines Limited NPV (DI) 53 minutes ago Xeros Technology Group 53 minutes ago Plus500 Ltd (DI) 53 minutes ago Capital for Colleagues plc All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and