BETA Close X Wickes Group PLC has published its Annual Report and Accounts for 2025, following the announcement of its Full Year Results on March 17, 2026. The report is available in PDF format on the company's website and has been uploaded to the National Storage Mechanism in unedited full text as per the TD ESEF Regulation. Disclaimer* Wickes Group PLC 17 March 2026 Wickes Group PLC (the 'Company' or 'the Group') Publication of the Annual Report & Accounts 2025 Further to the announcement of the Company's Full Year Results on 17 March 2026, the Group's Annual Report and Accounts is now available to view or download in a pdf format from the Group's website. The direct link to download the Annual Report and Accounts is: https://www.wickesplc.co.uk/investors/investors-overview/annual-report-2025/ The Annual Report and Accounts have been prepared using the single electronic reporting format specified in the TD ESEF Regulation. A copy of the Annual Report and Accounts has been uploaded to the National Storage Mechanism in unedited full text and will shortly be available at: https://data.fca.org.uk/#/nsm/nationalstoragemechanism For further information please contact: Marie Williamson Director of Legal & Governance Tel: (44) 1923 656600 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Wickes Group (WIX) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 53 minutes ago Taseko Mines Limited NPV (DI) 53 minutes ago Taseko Mines Limited NPV (DI) 53 minutes ago Xeros Technology Group 53 minutes ago Plus500 Ltd (DI) 53 minutes ago Capital for Colleagues plc All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and