MONDAY

*AC6195ID*
A06

19/06/2023
COMPANIES HOUSE

#90

go YEARS
BRIGHT FUTURE

Wickes Group Ple
Annual Report and Accounts

2022

Registered number: 12189067

eee

Teens cnet

‘CEO's introduction

THIS YEAR
WE CELEBRATE

THE SOTH ANNIVERSARY
OF THE BRAND IN THE UK

Over the past 50 years, the way people use and enjoy their
homes has changed dramatically, never more so than in recent
history during the pandemic. At Wickes, we are very proud to
have played our small part in the history of home improvement.

As a digitally-led, service-enabled home improvement retailer,

we offer customers choice, convenience, value and best-in-

class service, and we fulfil all of this through a low-cost, DAVID woop
efficient and integrated operating model. Chief Executive Officer

Our uniquely balanced business, across the three different
customer propositions of Local Trade, Do-it-for-me (DIFM)

and Do-it-yourself (DIY), means we are perfectly placed to help
all customers, whatever their home improvement project might
be. We look forward to many more decades of helping the
nation feel house proud.

Financial atatemense he iteration

WHAT'S INSIDE. THIS REPORT

es

38

50 YEARS OF
HELPING THE NATION
FEEL HOUSE PROUD

OUR INVESTMENT
case

20

CONTENTS

‘Strategie report
Francia and svaeychighighss

exporabie Business gah

Over

(hel Executive Olcers review

“Sayean anda ign ute

Matetrevew

Busnens moat!

Senepyinacion

Keypertorance nseaioes

Derporsnle Business

Nom marl isornation ates

‘Seeton 172 sateen

France

se anagerent overview

Proepaltes and nceracies

Wabiy statement

yesseeeyegsceowsen

Governance
Governance at glance
teroauetono governance
eninaons Commie reper

Sa ane Ri Comte report
expanable uaners Commie report
sectors Remunerationreper,

118 Oveciers report

18 Sisiementet Dectrs Responses

Financial statements
19 rdependon Aur report De members of Wices Grp Pe

158 Companystaementol nangesineasty
157 Notes tothe Company franca iene

Other infarmation

160 Serehoierntoemation
162 Gossary

ken Group Pi AnnvelReportand Accounts 2022

0

Financial and strategic highlights

FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS

Adjusted revenue (Em) ‘Adjusted PBT (Em)*
2021: £1,534.9m 2021: £85.0m

£1,559.0m £75.4m

Not debt (Em) ‘Adjusted basle earings per share (p)?
2021:27.2p

£591.8m 23.8p

‘TradePro accounts (K)
2021: 13.0% 2021: 634k

3.5% 746k

1 Reet se neome Statement onpa90 127
2 Retr torome Wh onoage i)
3 Retr tore Sonpape 17

2 wieuen croup le Annual epartan Accounts 2022

‘Statutory PBT (Em)
2021: £65.4m

£40.3m

‘Statutory basle earings per share (p)?
2021:23.3p

12.6p

‘Stores in new format (%)
2021: 65%

70%

STRATEGIC
HIGHLIGHTS

DIGITAL INNOVATION
Building on our strong digital foundations,

2022 saw some exciting innovations in
{customer service and insight. Using handheld
digital technology, our colleagues have been
able to speed up the product picking process

‘80 customers can now Click & Collect in just

30 minutes. We have also put into action our
Missions Motivation Engine tool, which uses.
data and analytics to better understand our
‘customers, and have rolled out ten programmes
to inspire and support customers with their
home improvement projects.

INVESTING IN OUR STORES

In 2022, we welcomed customers 10 our new
Bolton siore, our first new store to open in three
years and the first of around 20 new stores 10
‘open over the next five years. 2022 was also a
‘successful year for our eel programme with the
refitting of 12 stores, typically delivering sales
‘growth and ROCE over 25%.

LAUNCHED NEW ‘WICKES
LIFESTYLE KITCHEN’ RANGE

We repositioned and expanded our ready-torfit
kitchen ranges as Wickes Lifesiye Kitchens,
Which is aimed atthe lower budget kitchen market,
‘The range, which includes eight new ready-o-fit
kitchens, has a digital design element toi, which
is managed through a vitual sales hub in. our
Bicester store,

Governance

Responsible Business highlights

RESPONSIBLE BUSINESS
HIGHLIGHTS

Fanelalaatranie

We have launched our online
Sustainable House where customers
‘can find out how they can make their
homes more sustainable with hints
‘and tips to save energy and,
reduce costs

SCIENCE BASED TARGETS
We have announced our near-term Science
Based Targets to reduce our absolute emissions
‘across our business and supply chain by 2030

‘nme trmation

PRODUCT
CATEGORISATION
We have categorised every single
product we sell, which wll help our

colleagues and customers
understand their
‘environmental impact

PERIOD POSITIVE
We launched a Period Positive
‘campaign which offers free sanitary
products for allcolleagues across
all stores distribution centres
‘and support centres

1&D LEADERSHI
AWARDS
‘Our &D employee network leads
have been tecognised within the
‘national EMpower, HERoes
and OUTstanding ists 2022

‘We have been recognised in the
Financial Times Diversity Leaders
report 2023

+

SUPPORTING YOUNGMINDS

We have raised over £2 milion for our charity partner, YoungMinds

COMMUNITY
PROGRAMME
ORGANISATIONS
We have supported over
{800 organisations across the UK,
with over 200 of our stores
participating in the programme
to support their local communities

Governnee Fogel ntemente

Overview

WICKES
AT A GLANCE

‘OUR VISION
A Wickes project in every home
‘OUR MISSION

To be the partner of choice for
Home Improvers and Local Trade

‘OUR PURPOSE

To help the nation feel house proud

8100 230

colleagues stores

OUR COMMITMENT TO

GROWING RESPONSIBLY

xr atrmaton

We are building a business we are proud of, where all our colleagues
can feel at home and are empowered to support their communities and
customers; we're supporting the fight against climate change and taking
action to protect the natural environment; and we're helping the nation

‘make their homes more sustainable.

4 Wickes Grup Ple Anna! Report ang Account 2022

‘A.uniquely balanced
business supporting
three customer

propositions:

DO-IT-FOR-ME
From concept to completion,
plus al the finishing touches,
wecanhelp you with your
project every step of the way:

LOCAL TRADE

From trade-trusted brands and a
flat 10% discount, we can save
you time and money when you
shop with TradePro:

Extension
Loft conversion
Oriveway

DIY

From our curated range to bringing
you the right quality products at the
right prices, we can help youto
tackle your project, providing
‘advice, guidance and knowledge:

then
tathvoom Puntog
Ting ange shel
Gardening
PEOPLE
Built
tolast
ENVIRONMENT

‘Supported by an efficient
and integrated mod

Curates
product ranges

Digitally-ted

Distinctive
tervice madel

Low-cost,
physical estate

Asound investment case

nancial eaerente

cxverintermaten

WE ARE A SUCCESSFUL, GROWING AND
PROFITABLE HOME IMPROVEMENT BUSINESS,
WITH A COMPELLING INVESTMENT CASE

WE OPERATE IN A MARKET WITH
LONG TERM STRUCTURAL GROWTH

‘The UK home improvement market has
bbeen growing at an average 25% per
‘annum for the last ten years (source
Gtk) and this is expected to continue,
with growth being driven by

~ arising number of UK households;

\ereasing UK home ownership;

~ more time spent inthe home and
garden as a result of hybrid
working practices:

= investment by consumers to reduce
energy costs and make their homies
more energy efficient.

Rising mortgage rates may have some
impact on housing market activity and
disposable income in the short term,
although unemployment remains tow
and a large proportion of expenditure
‘across the market is carried out by older,
wealthier homeowners.

25%

ROCE fram store refits

BALANCED BUSINESS MODEL

‘The business is split across three
distinct customer propositions ~ Local
Trade, Dorit-for-me (OIFM), and OY
Retail. This balanced business model
ives us greater exposure to the fastest
(rowing sectors in the market, and
provides us with greater resilience to
‘consumer tends: In addition, our range
of proven growth levers across our
customer three propositions has driven
adcitional market share gains. These
growth levers, particularly digit!
development, TradePro and store refit
are relatively immature, and should,
‘along with the white space catchments
we have identified, continue to drive
revenue growth and share gains over the
next few years, Any capacity reduction
from weaker cornpetitors could enhance
these likely share gains.

ABILITY TO BENEFIT FROM
‘OPERATING LEVERAGE AS
BUSINESS GROWS:

‘Acombination of market growth and
share gains should generate mid single
digit revenue growth over the cycle. Out
‘growth levers have successfully driven
sales densities, and, looking ahead, this
will be supplemented by the contribution
from new stoves. At the same time, our
‘occupancy costs are stable, and our
three customer propositions allow us to
schedule colleagues efficiently across
the trading week. As a result ofthis
elfcient model, we would expect to
910M profit at least as fast as revenue
‘over the economic eye

98%

of salos aretouched
by our stores

STRONG OPERATIONAL
‘CASH FLOW SUPPORTING

FUTURE GROWTH AND DIVIDENDS
FOR SHAREHOLDERS:

‘Our profitable business model generates
strony uperational vas low. The cash
‘generated funds new capital investment
into our proven growth levers ~ store efits,
‘new stores, cigital~ which deliver revenue
‘and profit growth with a good return on
‘capital. In addition to re-investing for
‘growth the businessis able to deliver
|healthy dividends to shareholders from
its operational cash flow.

BALANCE SHEET STRENGTH
‘AND POTENTIAL ADDITIONAL
CAPITAL RETURNS

[At demerger, we outlined the rationale
for a strong balance sheet to give us
Mlexiility for future investinents oF 10
{tade through periods of uncertainty

In March 2022, we outlined a target

to reduce lease-adjusted net debt /
‘adjusted EBITDA to below 2.75x; when
{the ratio consistently fas below this,
‘we would expect to return surplus cash
{to Shareholders in the form of special
dividends or share buy- backs,

of sales digitally-enabled

_wiets Group Pl Ann! por and Account 2022

‘

Chair of the Board's statement

INVESTING IN GROWTH AND
DOING SO RESPONSIBLY

Wehas crap Ple Annu Report se Accounts 2022

‘one narmaton

CHRISTOPHER
ROGERS
Chair of the Board

2022 was a milestone year for Wickes as we
celebrated our SOth anniversary. On pages 12-15
‘we reflect on some of the trends and changes
within the home Improvement sector and cur
business over the past five decades, and lock
‘ahead toa bright future as we continue to help
‘the nation feel house proud.

Pertormance
In 2022 we delivered sales of £1.6bn and an

‘adjusted profit of £75.4m, and whilst this represented
‘adecline in profits year on year we nevertheless
‘continued to strengthen the business and grow
‘market share in an uncertain environment, This

Is only possible thanks to our fantastic team of
‘colleagues who come to work every day to provide
‘outstanding service and care for each other and their
‘customers. On behalf of the Board and myself ike
to.extend our sincerest thanks for everything that
they do to make Wickes the great business itis.

This has been a pivotal year fr the home
improvement market as two years of pandemic
<disruption have receded and we've returned to more
‘normal business patterns. Thanks to our balanced
business model, we have been able to successfully
‘navigate volatile trading conditions. At the
‘beginning of the year, we benefited from carrying
‘over a strong DIFM order book and passing the
anniversary of the showroom closures in the frst
four months of 2021. Throughout 2022, Local Trade
thas seen a strong performance as tradespeople
‘were allowed back into people's homes. And in DIY,
whilst sales have come off their pandemic heights,
they remain significantly ahead of 2039 level.

‘Supporting customers and colleagues
2022 stands out as a year of considerable
‘geopolitical and economic disruption following

the Russian invasion of Ukraine. The resulting
‘energy insecurity, supply chain disruption and rising
inflation nave put significant pressure on household
finances. We aré very conscious of the environment
we are now living in and are focused on supporting
‘our customers and colleagues during this cost of
living exis,

‘As consumers keep a watchful eye on their
household expenditure, we are attracting customers
with greatvalve products and services they can
‘rust anc are well placed to help people tackle thelr
rising energy costs. The recent launch of our ontine
interactive Sustainable House guide provides a
plethora of hints and tips to help customers make
their homes more energy efficient and bring down
their utility bits,

Equally important is how we can support our
8,100 colleagues through these challenging times.
{In addition to bringing forward and upweighting
2023 annual salary increases, we have set up 2
‘cost of living colleague working group which has
produced a comprehensive resource to help with
‘budgeting, financial planning, savings, debt support
‘and the provision of accessible short term loans
‘through payroll. We also recognise the tol that the
cost of ving crisis and pandemic are taking on
people's mental health and wellbeing, and we are
working hard to ensure we offer colleagues the
‘Support they need,

ovemance

Investing ina bright future
Looking ahead to 2023, we face significant

‘cost headwinds with material increases to our
energy bill and wages. We continue to run our
business as efficiently and effectively as possible
_and, whilst we are operating in an uncert
‘economic environment, we remain confident in
‘our strategic growth levers (see pages 23-30)
‘and are committed to continuing to invest in them.

Inour Pretiminary results last March, we announced
‘plans to accelerate our store refits programme and
to open around 20 new stores over the next five
years, and | was delighted when our frst new store
in three years opened in Bolton in October. novation
iskey to. bright future, and across our three
‘customer propositions we are developing exciting
‘new products and services, A great example is the
recent launch of our Wickes Lifestyle Kitchens range,
‘where we identified an opportunity to repesition and
innovate our ready-to-it range to grow our market
share of the lower-budget kitchen market.

J, We remain confident in our
Tr strategic growth levers,

ancl sasemensa

1h intemasion

Dividend
‘The Boards pleased to recommend a final dividend
of 73 pence per share, taking our full year ordinary
dividend to 10.9 pence per share. We recognise the
Importance of cash returns to our Shareholders,
‘and, given the strength of our balance sheet, we
hhave maintained the full year dividend per share

at the same level as 2021

Board
In January 2022, we announced the retirement of
‘our Chief Financial Officer, Julie Wirth. Julie played
a pivotal roe in the successful demerger and listing
‘of the Company. and on behalf of the Board |
‘would like o thank Julie for her huge contibution,
particularly as we demerged from Travis Perkins
Pile. Julie stepped down from the Board on 29 July
‘and was succeeded by Mark George, who joined
Wickes from The Gym Group PLC, where he was,
Chief Financial Officer.

With a strong track recordin a listed company
‘environment, Mark brings extensive financial
leadership, strategy and investor experience
combined with a passion for the customer.

‘As a result ofthis change, the gender diversity

Of the Board was reduced. We believe that having @
diverse Boards in the best interests of the business
and we are currently in the process of recruiting
another Non-executive Director and willkeeo
diversity at the front of our minds during this
feeruitment process.

2022 has been a year of evolution and
\ransformation for Wickes. We have made great
progress with the separation {rom Travis Perkins
le and we remain on track to complete the
separation in 2023, as planned.

We have fry positioned ourselves as a market
leading business that is investing in growth and
doing so responsibly. You can eam more about our
progress on environmental, social and governance
‘matters in the Responsible Business section of this
report. Whilst the external environment continues to
’be challenging, Wickes has the tools and resources
to emerge as a stronger and more focused business,
and we look forward to an even brighter future.

Christopher Rogers
Chair of the Board
22March 2023,

‘The Wickes culture is stronger than
ever and I'm tremendously proud of

&6 cur colleagues who work tirelessly
everyday to help our customers feel
house proud.

ken Group Pl Anat Report ane Account 2022

Govern

Chief Executive Officer's review

WE'RE HERE TO HELP
THE NATION FEEL HOUSE PROUD

‘Wien croup le Annual Report and counts 2022

nance eaemense

ove atrmaton

{In our S0th year 'm delighted to report we achieved
‘record sales and made further market share gains.
‘While profit declined, the outcomes still ahead

of the pre-Covid period. Our performance was
‘underpinned by our uniquely balanced business
‘model, our digital leadership and our ability to
‘offer the best value and service proposition
‘across Trade, DIFM and DIY. lke to thank

all our fantastic colleagues for thelr hard work,
passion and commitment to giving our customers
‘outstanding service and helping create our unique
Wickes’ culture.

DAVID WOOD
Chiet Executive Officer

‘We are encouraged by how 2023 has started, with
performance in line with our expectations. Whilst
‘we are mindful of the macroeconomic backdrop,
‘we remain confident in our ability to drive further
‘market share gains, given the strength of our
proposition and improvernents we have made to the
‘offer. Inflationary pressures will affect our cost base
in 2023, athough we have efficiency plans in place,
Which will offset all these increases, except for
‘energy. Like all businesses we remain watchful

‘of the extemal consumer environment, However,
we have the right strategy and a strong and
compeling offer. We will continue to invest across
‘ur distinctive growth levers, and are well-placed
to.achieve further market share gains.

Market
2022 proved tobe a challenging year for the market,
“riven by well-documented challenges facing the
consumer. The need to combat rising inflation has
seen UX and global interest rates rise, and, as a
result, house price inflation and transaction
volumes are now starting to moderate.

Despite this softer economic environment, which we
‘expect to continue in 2023, UK home improvement
remains a lige and attractive market, The structural
‘divers remain intact, which will continue to support
market growth over the medium term, These include
‘behavioural changes brought about by the pandemic,
the need toimprove eneray efficiency to reduce
‘heating costs and emissions, and the age and
‘composition of the UK housing stock. Importantly,
atthe same time it is worth noting that most
‘homeowners either remain in work, choose not to
bbe, or ae retired, Our exposure to new build, which
‘may bé more cyclical is very Lite.

‘We continue to beteve that behavioural changes post
CCovid remain supportive. Many businesses have
retained hybrid working practices, increasing time
spent at home, fueling further desire for homeowners
{and tenants oinvest in the properties. While some
DIY activities were brought forward into the eaty
‘phases ofthe pandemic, some lager projects ~
lwolng our Local Trade and DIFM segments ~ may
have been deferred. The growin of ou TradePro
customer base showed continued momentum and
ccelerated in 2022, electing strong order books
across te trade and the increasing importance of
value for money in an inflationary environment.

More recently the sharp rise in energy prices has
seen increased focus on the energy efficiency of UK
housing. Wickes is wel-placed to help with the drive
for energy efficiency through the products and
services we sell, uch as insulation, ighting and
smart meters, and through the advice we offer.

1n 2022 we launched our interactive Sustainable
House Guide, highlighting the measures that can
be taken in each room of the house (or garden},
with a cick through tothe relevant products.

‘This complements our onine Energy Saving
advice guide, and our work with the Energy Saving
Trust (EST) to verity the financial benefits from
‘each product.

‘The UK alsohas the oldest housing stock in northern,
Europe. with an average age of 65 years. One thd
‘were bull before 1945. This is supportive in itself for
structural growth in the RMI (Repair, Maintenance
‘and improvement) market, but ongoing government
‘measures taken to improve energy efficiency are
likely to require a multi-year investment in the UK
housing stock. For example, tis estimated that
‘around half of UK housing requires some form of
investment to meet an EPC rating of C or better.

Under current proposals, allUK homes will need to
achieve this by 2030, and rental properties by 2025.
‘Add in an element of likely population growth, and

a trend towards more single person dwellings, and
the outlook for the home improvement market
remains bright.

‘The homeowning demographic into which our
Local Trade and DIFM end propositions face also
leave us well placed to coniinue to take share, as do
‘our credentials for value, quality and convenience.
‘Atthough as yet we have seen ttle sign of trading
down or rising own label participation, our Surveys
tellus that customers are becoming more discerning
‘on price and are shopping around more. We believe
that our value credentials, the strength of the Wickes
brand, our simple and clear pricing policy, alongside
‘our 10% flat rate discount to all TradePro members,
stand us in good stead if market conditions become
‘more challenging.

Operational progress
We are pleased to have made strong operational
progress since demerger reflected in continued
‘growth in Core market share and a strong recovery
in delivered DIFM sales.

During the year, we demonstrated the ftexbilty of
Wickes’ operating model, including a number of
actions undertaken to respond to more challenging
‘market conditions, and to rive further efficiencies
‘within the business to offset increases in our cost
‘base, Our balanced model gives us the agility 0
respond to changes in customer demand, leading
twefficiencies across both store and distri

centre fulfilment costs.

Comer formation

We have continued to invest in the customer
proposition, We refitted another 12 stores in
2022, showcasing our full offer of kitchens and
‘bathrooms, and taking the number in the new
{format to 162. We continue to see strong returns
‘and sales uplits in our refitted stores.

(Our store refresh programme also continues, with
particular focus on the efficiency of multi-channel
‘order pick and despaich, which drives selling
densities and underpins our 30-minute click &
collect promise. We have added Klarna to our
‘online payment options, and continue to have 3
very competitive APR of 49% in our DIFM business
despite rising base rates. Allthese initiatives are
reflected in our customer satisfaction metrics,
which have risen in all areas of the business.
(in-store, click & collect and home delivery)

‘Our balanced model gives us the
| agility to respond to changes in
66 customer demand, leading to
| efficiencies across both store and
distribution centre fulfilment costs.

LLFL sales across the Group were up 3.5% despite
very tough comparatives in our Core business. Core
LFL revenue dectined by 2.0%, with the second half
stronger as comparatives eased and as sales of
‘energy-saving products helped our DIY category
‘towards the end of the year. During the year we
‘continued to prortise our price leadership by
‘working closely with our suppliers. We remained
‘committed to managing supply chain inflation
responsibly and our selling price inflation has been
significantly less than our cost price inflation,

The estimated level of seing price inflation for
‘the fullyear was 13% (frst half 18%, second half
110%), driven mainly by categories such as timber
and cement. Inflationary pressures eased in the
second hall, with the timber price dectining year
‘on year, and we would expect this trend to
‘continue into 2023,

Despite the well documented industry
shortages in certain categories inthe first half,
‘our strong supplier relationships. curated range
‘and anerational agility served us well to continue
to provide customers withthe products they
‘need. Together with ou price leadership and own
brand credentials, we believe our strong focus

‘on availabilty helped to drive increased revenues
and awareness of Wickes, as reflected in our Core
‘market share gains and the strong performance
‘of TradePo, where both membership and sales
increased by almost 20%.

‘We entered FY 2022 with an elevated pipeline
(of DIFM orders due tothe impact of Covid on the
ability of our installation teams to deliver projects in
the final quarter of 2027. Despite moderately lower
‘orders over the course ofthe year, the successful
work through of the order book resulted in LFL
<delvered sales increasing by 26.1%. although

there was some disruption in the frst half relating
to Covid and the supply of appliances, these issues,
faded as the year progressed,

There was another strong performance in
‘bathrooms, where new ranges in sanitaryware and
‘accessories, and a wider range of pricing options,
hhave helped to broaden our appeal. Refitted stores
also continue to perform strongly in DIFM due to
‘the welcoming nature of new showroom displays.

We noted in our July wading update that OIFM
‘orders had slowed in early summer, as customers
were taking longer to commit to big ticket purchases.
However, the pace of order decine moderated into Qs,
‘and n the ist 11 weeks of 2023 ordered sales are in
line wth the same perio last year.

Despite the impact of heightened
build costs during the year, store

© investments continue to deliver sates

uplifts of 25% and ROCE of over 25%.

At the end of 2022, the order book was below
the prior yea, although stil ahead of pre-Covid
levels. Given improvements in product availabilty
and labour scheduling, we would expect the order
book to return to more normal levels by the end
(of 2023. This will result in delivered sales being
above ordered sales for the year, although this

Is expected to stabilise in 2024 and beyond.

Winning for Trade
(Our TradePro membership schere showed
Increasing momentum in the period. We enralled
112,000 customers in the year, taking its total
‘membership to 746,000 as we continued to grow

the awareness and appeal ofthe scheme through

'ts compelling proposition. Our local rade customers
indicate that they are increasingly conscious of rising
material costs and are switching to Wickes for its
strong valve credentials and simple discount scheme.
‘We also believe the recent addition of 30 minute
lick-and-collect to our offering has increased the
attraction of the scheme during a period where
tradespeople are finding ways to most efficiently

Use thei time whilst balancing full oder books.

Ween Group Pi Anal Reper and Accounte 2022

Governance

‘Fane etatmente

he itecmation

Chief Executive Officer's review continued

We are encouraged that the TradePro members
ining the platform during the year have adopted
‘characteristics inline with previous cohorts using
the platform. Sales from TradePro customers in
the year increased by 19% compared to 202. Our
‘TradePro customers continue to represent stiong
strategic value to Wickes in terms of average order
value and frequency of visit, and we have plans to
evolve our offering in 2023 to drive further loyalty
‘and engagement

‘To this end, we are encouraged that the results of,
‘our February Mood ofthe Nation survey showes
that 45% of tradespeople have a pipeline of work
for over three months. Although this is moderately
down on the prior year, it remains healthy By
historical standards.

‘Accelerating DIFM
Developing our cigita expertise and continuous
Innovation f our product range continues to

‘be a key focus within DIFM. Ouring the year we
‘completed the major refresh of our kitchen ranges
intiated in Autumn 2023, ntzoducing a number

‘of new ranges and trending colourways during
the period.

Following the Introduction of a completely new
‘bathroom range during the second hat of 2021,

we continued to introduce new products to our
showroom cisplays. We have aso further improved
‘our end-to-end bathroom service by ¢rving greater
engagement with our design consultants; supported
by focused recruitment of installers with bathroom
capabilties. Across kitchens and bathrooms our
installer network continues to grow and now stands
213,000 teams of independent contractors (March
2021: 2.600), enabling Wickes to continue to offer
‘market-leading lead times whist fetaining a flexible
approach tocapacty

10 Wickas Grup Plc AnnsiRepen ana Accounts 2022

We continue to see encouraging attachment rates
Cf tiling, flooring and joinery sales to kitchen and
bathroom projects, confirming the opportunity to
increase overall project spend within the home.

DIY Category Wins
‘As communicated in our July trading update,
following the Jubilee weekend in June, we
experienced signs of the DIY market softening from
the very high levels of demand experienced during
the pandemic. DIY sales continued to underperform
Local Trade for most of the second half, although
{towards the end of the fourth quarter DIV sales.

ted to recover with strong growth in sales of
‘energy-related products such as insulation, smart
meters, lighting and draught exctiders.

We have made it easier for customers to access
these products withthe launch of our Sustainable
House Guide on our website, with advice on
sustainable living and energy reduction for all
‘rooms in the house with a cick to purchase
‘option forthe most important products

Inline with our strategy to capture share in
underweight categories, we have grown market
share in key segments such as garden and décor
{ollowing recent range reviews. This has inchided
the rol out of our new Crown colour emulsion paint
range to support greater customer choice across
different price points. The continued growth of our
extended online range continues to support range
depth whilst our curated range instore lends itself
tohigh stock turn and limited exposure to highly
seasonal lines and markdown activity across the
wider sector.

Within our ready-io-fit kitchen offer, we have
launched six new ranges as part of arebrancing

of tis offer to Wickes Lifestyle Kitchens. This range
is now offered with an ontine design option, which
‘enables us to provide an excellent design service for
projects with lower price points than our showroom
‘anges, thus allowing us to operate over a broader
‘section of the market.

Digital developments
Despite the unwinding of Covid influences we have
continued to grow the proportion of our digitally
‘enabled sales on a year-on-year basis. We completed
‘a number of enhancements o our cgital capabilities
inthe year. including greater use of push messaging,
personalisation and targeted campaigns across

‘our cigital channels, Underpinned by our predictive
‘Missions Motivation Engine, which is generating
‘ientiiable incremental sales, we have also stepped
‘up the digital experience for our trade customers,
increasing th levels of engagement throughout the
project journey. Increased use of social eampaigns
‘and display marketing has also grown the awareness
‘of the TradePro mobile app.

We launched our Wickes eBay store during the
year with 4,000 lines, extending our customer reach
{o.a younger audience, We are currently looking at
‘opportunities with marketplace platforms, including
eBay, to extend our range accessibility o.a wider
audience of home improvers. We alsonew offer
lama as an online payment solution.

Following initial mobilisation during
the previous financial year, 2022 saw
ood progress with the transition of
technology and processes from our
previous parent Travis Perkins plc.
The second half of the year saw ~
new Finance and HR systems go
live, plus a successful migration

of our office collaboration platform.
We remain focused on delivery of the
separation of the IT infrastructure in
2023 as planned. All aspects of the
programme continue to be overseen
by the Wickes Executive and PLC
Boards whio monitor delivery and
any operational risk arising.