Registered no: 12189061

Wickes Group Limited

Annual report and financial statements
for the period from 29 December 2019 to 26
December 2020

OMI

29/05/2021
COMPANIES HOUSE

SATURDAY

Al

]

od

Annual report and financial statements
for the period from 29 December 2019 to 26 December 2020

Strategic report

Directors’ report

Directors’ responsibilities statemen

Independent auditor’s report to the members of Wickes Group Limited ................0+

Profit and loss account and total comprehensive inCOMe ............s:cssssseseeseeseeeeseeseeee
Balance sheet ........cccscccessessesessessssessessssesscsssseseessssseessessseseesssesesesneeesassueseessensseeneeennees
Statement of changes in equity 0.0... esseseseseeeesesectescseeeeseseceeseesesessssnseenessesseeneaseees
Notes to the financial statement ............c:ccscsecseesesseesesseseeseesessesseeeseenesneseeneseeaeeneanenees

Statement of the independent auditor to Wickes Group Limited for the purpose of
section 92(1) (b) and (c) of the Companies Act 2006..........::cs:ceesssseseeseesesteseeesteseene

Wickes Group Limited

Strategic report

Principal activities and future developments

The Company’s principal activity is that of a holding company. The Company was
incorporated on 4 September 2019 to acquire subsidiaries relating to the Wickes home
improvements business (“Wickes”) from Travis Perkins plc and subsequently to be
the listed vehicle for Wickes after the expected demerger of Wickes from Travis
Perkins ple.

Travis Perkins plc announced in March 2021 that the demerger process, which was
put on hold in 2020 as a result of the Covid-19 pandemic, had re-commenced.
Accordingly it is expected that the Company will be re-registered as a public company
in 2021.

The Company has net assets of £769.0m (2019: £1), representing its investment in
Wickes, and recorded a loss in 2020 of £118.5m (2019: £nil) as the result of an
impairment charge.

Principal risks and uncertainties

The Company follows the Group’s financial risk management policies, details of
which are given in the Group’s accounts.

The Group has a risk reporting framework that ensures. it has visibility of the
Company’s key risks, the potential impacts on the Company and how and to what
extent those risks are mitigated. As part of its risk management process, the principal
risks stated in the risk register are reviewed, challenged and updated by the Group
Board and monitored throughout the year. The Company monitors a separate risk
register. The Group’s risk register is used to determine strategies adopted by the
Group’s various businesses to mitigate the identified risks and are embedded in their
operating plans.

The risk environment in which the Company operates does not remain static. The
nature of risk is that its scope and potential impact will change over time. As such the
risks should not be regarded as a comprehensive statement of all potential risks and
uncertainties that may manifest themselves in the future. Additional risks and
uncertainties that are not presently known to the Directors, or which they currently
deem immaterial, could also have an adverse effect on the Company’s future
operating results, financial condition or prospects.

Section 172 statement

The Directors place significant importance on the strength of the Company’s
relationships with all its stakeholders to promote the sustainable success of the
Company. In order to fulfil their duties, the Directors take care to have regard to the
likely consequences on all stakeholders of the decisions and actions which they take.
Such considerations ensure the business is making decisions with a long-term view and
with the sustainable success of the business is at its core.

Wickes Group Limited

Strategic report (continued)

Where possible, decisions are carefully discussed with affected groups and are therefore
fully understood and supported when taken. The Company has an open dialogue with
its shareholder through regular one-to-one meetings and reporting to the Group Board.
Discussions cover a wide range of topics including financial performance, strategy,
outlook, governance and ethical practices.

Decisions and policies affecting employees, the environment and suppliers are often
made or set at the Travis Perkins plc level. The Directors of the Company ensure when
applying those policies that they are fulfilling their statutory duties. Further information
on how these decisions are made and the ways in which the Group engages with
stakeholders is set out in the Group’s Annual Report, which does not form part of this
report.

Environment

The Travis Perkins group recognises the importance of its environmental
responsibilities, monitors its impact on the environment, and designs and implements
policies to reduce any damage that might be caused by the Group’s activities.

The Company operates in accordance with group policies, which are described in the
Group’s Annual Report, which does not form part of this report. Initiatives designed
to minimise the Company’s impact on the environment include improving energy use
efficiency, reducing the amount of CO2 emissions and minimising the consumption of
water and the production of waste (both hazardous and non-hazardous).

By order of the Board
We WAL. On

A.R. Williams
Director

11 March 2021

Wickes Group Limited

Directors’ report
for the period from 29 December 2019 to 26 December 2020

The Directors present their report and the audited financial statements for the period
from 29 December 2019 to 26 December 2020.

Directors

The Directors of the Company who served during the period and subsequently are
listed below:

A. R. Williams
TP Directors Ltd

The Company made qualifying third party indemnity provisions for the benefits of its
Directors during the period, which remain in force at the date of this report. This is a
qualifying provision for the purposes of the Companies Act 2006.

Going concern

The Directors have a reasonable expectation that the Company, which has no
liabilities has the resources to continue in operational existence for the twelve months
from the date of signing these financial statements. Thus it continues to adopt the
going concern assumption in preparing the annual financial statements. Further details
regarding the going concern basis can be found in note | to the financial statements.

Dividends
The Directors do not recommend the payment of a dividend (2019: Enil).

Political contributions

The Company made no political donations nor incurred any political expenditure
during the period (2019: £nil).

Modern slavery

The Travis Perkins plc Group, that the Company is part of, will not accept slavery or
human trafficking and works with suppliers and colleagues to ensure positive steps
are taken to ensure that slavery has no place in the business or supply chain. If issues
are identified, investigations and remedial actions will be taken. No instances of
slavery or human trafficking have been identified.

The Group’s approach to this issue is set out in greater detail in the Travis Perkins ple
Annual Report.
Disclosure of information to the auditors

Each of the persons who is a Director at the date of approval of this report confirms
that:

Wickes Group Limited

Directors’ report (continued)

e so far as the Director is aware, there is no relevant audit information of which
the Company’s auditor is unaware; and

e the Director has taken all steps that he/she ought to have taken as a Director in
order to make himself/herself aware of any relevant audit information and to
establish that the Company’s auditor is aware of that information.

This confirmation is given and should be interpreted in accordance with the provisions
of section 418 of the Companies Act 2006.
Reappointment of auditors

The auditor, KPMG LLP, have indicated their willingness to continue in office and a
resolution concerning their reappointment was proposed at the Annual General Meeting.

Approved and signed on behalf of the Board

Qe WIRY, 4

A.R. Williams
Director

11 March 2021
Vision House
19 Colonial Way

Watford
WD24 4JL

Wickes Group Limited

Directors’ responsibilities statement

The Directors are responsible for preparing the Strategic Report, the Directors’ Report
and the financial statements in accordance with applicable law and regulations.

Company law requires the directors to prepare financial statements for each financial
year. Under that law they have elected to prepare the financial statements in
accordance with UK accounting standards and applicable law (“UK Generally
Accepted Accounting Practice”), including FRS 102 The Financial Reporting
Standard applicable in the UK and Republic of Ireland.

Under company law the directors must not approve the financial statements unless
they are satisfied that they give a true and fair view of the state of affairs of the
company and of the profit or loss of the company for that period. In preparing these
financial statements, the Directors are required to:

. select suitable accounting policies and then apply them consistently;

. make judgements and estimates that are reasonable and prudent;

. state whether applicable UK accounting standards have been followed, subject
to any material departures disclosed and explained in the financial statements;

. assess the company’s ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as
applicable, matters related to going concern; and

. use the going concern basis of accounting unless they either intend to liquidate
the company or to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do
so.

The Directors are responsible for keeping adequate accounting records that are
sufficient to show and explain the company’s transactions and disclose with
reasonable accuracy at any time the financial position of the company and enable
them to ensure that the financial statements comply with the Companies Act 2006.
They are responsible for such internal control as they determine is necessary to enable
the preparation of financial statements that are free from material misstatement,
whether due to fraud or error, and have general responsibility for taking such steps as
are reasonably open to them to safeguard the assets of the company and to prevent and
detect fraud and other irregularities.

Independent auditor’s report to the members of Wickes
Group Limited

Opinion

We have audited the financial statements of Wickes Group Limited (“the company”)
for the period from 29 December 2019 to 26 December 2020 which comprise the
profit and loss account and total comprehensive income, balance sheet, statement of
changes in equity and related notes, including the accounting policies in note 1.

In our opinion, without material qualification, the financial statements:

. give a true and fair view of the state of the company’s affairs as at 26
December 2020 and of its loss for the year then ended;

° have been properly prepared in accordance with UK accounting standards,
including FRS 102 The Financial Reporting Standard applicable in the UK and
Republic of Ireland; and

. have been properly prepared in accordance with the requirements of the
Companies Act 2006.

Basis for opinion

We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (UK)
(“ISAs (UK)”) and applicable law. Our responsibilities are described below. We
have fulfilled our ethical responsibilities under, and are independent of the company
in accordance with, UK ethical requirements including the FRC Ethical Standard. We
believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is a sufficient and appropriate basis
for our opinion.

Going concern

The directors have prepared the financial statements on the going concern basis as
they do not intend to liquidate the company or to cease its operations, and as they
have concluded that the company’s financial position means that this is realistic. They
have also concluded that there are no material uncertainties that could have cast
significant doubt over its ability to continue as a going concern for at least a year from
the date of approval of the financial statements (“the going concern period”).

In our evaluation of the directors’ conclusions, we considered the inherent risks to the
company’s business model and analysed how those risks might affect the company’s
financial resources or ability to continue operations over the going concern period.

Our conclusions based on this work:

* we consider that the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting in
the preparation of the financial statements is appropriate;

* we have not identified, and concur with the directors’ assessment that there is
not, a material uncertainty related to events or conditions that, individually or
collectively, may cast significant doubt on the company's ability to continue as
a going concern for the going concern period.

However, as we cannot predict all future events or conditions and as subsequent
events may result in outcomes that are inconsistent with judgements that were
reasonable at the time they were made, the above conclusions are. not a guarantee that
the company will continue in operation.

Independent auditor’s report to the members of Wickes
Group Limited (continued)

Fraud and breaches of laws and regulations — ability to detect
Identifying and responding to risks of material misstatement due to fraud

To identify risks of material misstatement due to fraud (“fraud risks”) we assessed
events or conditions that could indicate an incentive or pressure to commit fraud or
provide an opportunity to commit fraud. Our risk assessment procedures included
enquiring of directors and inspection of policy documentation as to Travis Perkins
Plc’s policies and procedures to prevent and detect fraud that apply to this group
company as well as enquiring whether the directors have knowledge of any actual,
suspected or alleged fraud.

As required by auditing standards, we perform procedures to address the risk of
management override of controls, in particular the risk that management may be in a
position to make inappropriate accounting entries. On this audit we do not believe
there is a fraud risk related to revenue recognition because there are no revenue
transactions. We did not identify any additional fraud risks.

We performed procedures including agreeing all accounting entries in the period to
supporting documentation.

Identifying and responding to risks of material misstatement due to non-
compliance with laws and regulations

We identified areas of laws and regulations that could reasonably be expected to have
a material effect on the financial statements from our general commercial and sector
experience and through discussion with the directors (as required by auditing
standards), and discussed with the directors the policies and procedures regarding
compliance with laws and regulations.

The company is subject to laws and regulations that directly affect the financial
statements including financial reporting legislation (including related companies
legislation), distributable profits legislation and taxation legislation and we assessed
the extent of compliance with these laws and regulations as part of our procedures on
the related financial statement items.

This company, as a holding company, is not subject to other laws and regulations
where the consequences of non-compliance could have a material effect on amounts
or disclosures in the financial statements.

Context of the ability of the audit to detect fraud or breaches of law or regulation

Owing to the inherent limitations of an audit, there is an unavoidable risk that we may
not have detected some material misstatements in the financial statements, even
though we have properly planned and performed our audit in accordance with
auditing standards. For example, the further removed non-compliance with laws and
regulations is from the events and transactions reflected in the financial statements,
the less likely the inherently limited procedures required by auditing standards would
identify it.

Independent auditor’s report to the members of Wickes
Group Limited (continued)

In addition, as with any audit, there remained a higher risk of non-detection of fraud,
as these may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or
the override of internal controls. Our audit procedures are designed to detect material
misstatement. We are not responsible for preventing non-compliance or fraud and
cannot be expected to detect non-compliance with all laws and regulations.

Strategic report and directors’ report

The directors are responsible for the strategic report and the directors’ report. Our
opinion on the financial statements does not cover those reports and we do not express
an audit opinion thereon.

Our responsibility is to read the strategic report and the directors’ report and, in doing
so, consider whether, based on our financial statements audit work, the information
therein is materially misstated or inconsistent with the financial statements or our
audit knowledge. Based solely on that work:

* we have not identified material misstatements in the strategic report and the
directors’ report;

* in our opinion the information given in those reports for the financial year is
consistent with the financial statements; and

* in our opinion those reports have been prepared in accordance with the
Companies Act 2006.

Matters on which we are required to report by exception
Under the Companies Act 2006 we are required to report to you if, in our opinion:
* adequate accounting records have not been kept, or returns adequate for our

audit have not been received from branches not visited by us; or
+ the financial statements are not in agreement with the accounting records and

retums; or

* certain disclosures of directors’ remuneration specified by law are not made;
or

* we have not received all the information and explanations we require for our
audit.

We have nothing to report in these respects.

Directors’ responsibilities

As explained more fully in their statement set out on page 6, the directors are
responsible for: the preparation of the financial statements and for being satisfied that
they give a true and fair view; such internal control as they determine is necessary to
enable the preparation of financial statements that are free from material
misstatement, whether due to fraud or error; assessing the company’s ability to
continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going
concern; and using the going concern basis of accounting unless they either intend to
liquidate the company or to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do
so.

Independent auditor’s report to the members of Wickes
Group Limited (continued)

Auditor’s responsibilities

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or
error, and to issue our opinion in an auditor’s report. Reasonable assurance is a high
level of assurance, but does not guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with
ISAs (UK) will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements
can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in
aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of
users taken on the basis of the financial statements.

A fuller description of our responsibilities is provided on the FRC’s website at
www. frc.org.uk/auditorsresponsibilities.

The purpose of our audit work and to whom we owe our responsibilities

This report is made solely to the company’s members, as a body, in accordance with
Chapter 3 of Part 16 of the Companies Act 2006. Our audit work has been undertaken
so that we might state to the company’s members those matters we are required to
state to them in an auditor’s report and for no other purpose. To the fullest extent
permitted by law, we do not accept or assume responsibility to anyone other than the
company and the company’s members, as a body, for our audit work, for this report,
or for the opinions we have formed.

eden (oLhauy

Andrew Cawthray (Senior statutory auditor)
for and on behalf of KPMG LLP, Statutory Auditor

11 March 2021

Chartered Accountants
One Snowhill

Snow Hill Queensway
Birmingham

B4 6GH

10

Wickes Group Limited

Profit and loss account and total comprehensive income

for the period ended 26 December 2020

£m Note 2020 2019
Impairment charge 7 ~~ (118.5) -
Operating loss and loss before tax (118.5) -
Tax charge on loss on ordinary activities 5 - -
Loss and total comprehensive loss for the

financial year (118.5) -

The above results were derived from continuing operations.

11