Registered no! 12189061

Wickes Group Limited:

Annual depois and: fi nancial statements .

for the period: from: 4 September 2019 to 28:
December 2019°

mu

wa1o1/2024
COMPANIES HOUSE

WEDNESDAY

Wickes G one Limited

Annual: stepo rt and financial statements :
“for ‘the period-from. 4 September 2019:t0:28 Decembe r 2019

Difectots’ “Teports,

q ‘statement

) rectors’ 4 Fesponsibili

‘independent ‘audit

; ‘Balance sheet

ies to-thie financial statemienits... be

Group. Limited i

Directors? report”

Wickes Group Limited
Directors’ report (continued)
Auditor
Each; of the persons whois ‘a. Director at the date of approval of this réport confirms
that:
¢ .s0far'as the Director-is ‘aware, there is no-relevant audit information of which the
“Company’s auditor is:unaware; and_-

* the. Director has ‘taken ‘all steps that he/she ought to have taken -as a: Director in
order ‘to. make: himself/herself aware of’-any relevant ‘audit information and to
establish that the Company’s auditor is aware of that information.

‘This confirmation is given and’should be interpreted in accordance with the provisions
“of section 418 of the Companies Act 2006:

KPMG LLP have been appointed. as the Company’s auditor,

The auditor, KPMG LLP, have: indicated their willingness to continue’ in-office and-a
resolution conceming their reappointment was proposed.at the Annual General Meeting.

Approved and signed on behalf of the: Board
!
We LQWoing

ALR: Williams
Director:

\G March 2020
Lodge Way House
Lodge Way:
Harlestone Road .
Northampton
England

NNS 7UG

Wickes Group’ Limited
. Directors’ responsibilities statement

“the! ‘preparation of fi

whether'due to fraud:¢ hi S|
‘aré:teasonably: open’ to then safeguate the: naselsen ‘0!
: detect fraud‘and. other irregu rities:.

Tuepenseat eas ueportG tcontinved)

‘from.the date‘o of appr
conclu: ons; we: considered the inherent risks toith

uncert ainty i in'this auth ong’ report is; ‘hot a guarantee that the compe
operation. .

Directors! rape

or
a the: financial’ Statements:are e bot sin: agement’ with tlie: accounting’ fegords and
returns; ores:

: We have nothing: repe in ihesertespects:

Independent auditor’s report (continued)

Directors' responsibilities

As explained more fully in their statement set out on page 3, the Directors are
responsible for: the preparation of the financial statements and for being satisfied that
they give a true and fair view, such internal control as they determine is necessary to
enable the preparation of financial statements that are free from material misstatement,
whether due to fraud or error; assessing the company’s ability to continue as a going
concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern; and using the going
concern basis of accounting unless they either intend to liquidate the company or to
cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

Auditor’s responsibilities

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or
error, and to issue our opinion in an auditor’s report. Reasonable assurance is a high
level of assurance, but does not guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with
ISAs (UK) will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements
can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in aggregate,
they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken
on the basis of the financial statements.

A fuller description of our responsibilities is provided on the FRC’s website at

www.fre.org.uk/auditorsresponsibilities.
The purpose of our audit work and to whom we owe our responsibilities

This report is made solely to the Company’s members, as a body, in accordance with
Chapter 3 of Part 16 of the Companies Act 2006. Our audit work has been undertaken
so that we might state to the Company’s members those matters we are required to state
to them in an auditor’s report and for no other purpose. To the fullest extent permitted
by law, we do not accept or assume responsibility to anyone other than the Company
and the Company’s members, as a body, for our audit work, for this report, or for the
opinions we have formed.

Aa

Tony Sykes (Senior statutory auditor)
for and on behalf of KPMG LLP, Statutory Auditor

16 March 2020

Chartered Accountants
One Snowhill

Snow Hill Queensway
Birmingham

B4 6GH

Wickes Group Limited

Balance sheet
as at 28 December 2019

Note 2019

£

Current/assets
Amounts due from parent undertaking 1
Net current assets L
Net assets 1
Capital and reserves
Called-up share capital 5 1
Profit and loss account *

Shareholders’ funds 1

The notes:on pages 9 to.12. form an integral part-of these financial statements:
The:company~has not: traded during ‘the period,’ had’. no.-sales and“ incurred’ ‘no
expenditure: Consequently, the Company has made neither a profit nor loss:

The financial’ statements. of Wickes -Group-Limited,:.registered number 12189061,
were approved: by the Board of Diréctors:and authorised for issue on |G March 2020.
They, were signed.on its behalf by;

Qh

A. R. Williams
Director

_ Wickes Group Limited
Statement of changes in equity. |. es
. for the:period from'4 September 2019:to:28: December 2019
es : ‘Share “Profit and: . ‘Totat

eapital. 9 <<less
account: .

“Al4 September 2019

“Jesu of share capital: -:- — aes

At28 December 2019. | meee: fe

Wickes G oup | Limited:
_ Notes to the fi nancial statements
for’ the period fr m4 September 2019, ‘to. 28 December 2019

; rf ‘Agcounting policies

ECOL inti’ otis (Continised iy

The! company fi inancidl ‘Statements: were: 2

Afiee’ reviewing’ the
Feasonable, ‘exp otal

‘Finaricial instruments .
F ancl ‘assets and fi inancié

ba): . . Nonsfinancial assets

JA assets impaired where’ th

évents that occurred’at
sassét-has-been ‘reduced,
‘valuc less.costs to'sel

10