Helping the

nation feel
house proud .»

For over 50 years, Wickes has been
proud to have played a part in the history
of home improvement in the UK.

The UK home improvement market has seen significant change
over recent years and, despite short term economic headwinds,
the long term outlook remains strong, with market growth
underpinned by robust structural fundamentals.

Our balanced business, across the three distinct customer
propositions of Local Trade, Design & Installation and Do-it-yourself
(DIY), means we are perfectly placed to help all customers,
whatever their home improvement project might be.

We use our market insights to evolve our products and

services to meet all our customers’ needs and we continue

to invest in our strategic growth levers to win in the UK's home
improvement market and achieve our purpose, simply.

About this report

This eport has been produced
tooptimise the reading
experience online, Click the links
inthe bar to the right to navigate
to different sections.

WB Link to URL
D Unktoctnerpages

Helping the)

fhationjfeel

Visit ourinvestor sit to view
this report online in POF frat
wickesple.co.uk

@© sesssicnser ——covonance fo

atementa__Otherinformation

What's inside this report

Strategic report Governance

78 Governance report

20, SoardotDrectora

$2 Nominavons Commitee report

438, Audtand isk Commitee report

104 Responsible Business Commitee report
106 Remuneration Commitee repo

118 Directors repo.

121 Statement of Oectorsresponsbities

2 Financial highights
3 Strategic ighights

4 Raglance

& Chao the Boards statement

7 Imvestmentcase

8 Chet Erecutve Officer statement

2 Matketreview

6 Business mode!

WT Strategy ata glance

8 Strategyinaction

24 Key performance indicators

26 Financial review

30 Responsibiebusiness

153, Cimateelated nancial daclosues (TCFO)

666. Nonrfnancial and sustainably information statement
667 Risk managoment overview

{63 Princpalraks and unceriainies

76 Viabity statement

Chair of the Board's
statement

LD) somes

Wickes Grou

Financial statements

122 independent Austor'reporttothe members
of Wekes Group Ple

130 Consolidated income statement and other
comprehensive income

131 Consolidated balance sheet

422 Consolidated eatement of changes in equity

133 Consolidated cash low statement

124 Notes tothe consolidated financial statements

160 Company balance sheet

161 Company statement of changesin equity

162 Notes tothe Company financial statements

Other information

165 shareholder information
166 Glossary

Chief Executive Officer's
statement

Ly sormseee

Ne AnrualReportandccons20 <> @

Investment
case

Responsible
business

LD) seenseez0

ee

Financial highlights

Governance

Financial statements Otherinformation

Wickes Group Ple Annual Report and Accounts 2026

Revenue (Em

£1,538.8m

2023: £1,553.8m

2024 138.8
2023 [En
2022 =D

207) TESTE)

‘Adjusted PBT (Em)?

£43.6m

2023: £52.0m

2

23 ET

2022

Statutory PBT (Em)

£23.2m

2023: £41.1m

2024 ETE
223 CTE)
ao

2021 654

cane ‘ajosted baie earings per share Siantory basic eaaings par share @)
2023: £97.5m_ 2023: 15.1p 2023: 11.8p
Es)  ) ane

2 TE 2a 23 TD

aaa 2 EE 7 ED

27) TET)

202) ETE)

202) EE)

TFL sales growth (2)

9
(2.0)%
2023: (0.3)%
2024 (DY
2023 (0.34
3)
ee )

Dividend per share (p)

10.9p

2023: 10.9p

)
22) TC
2) TO

2001 709

Free cash flow Em)"

£32.2m

2023: £46.1m

zoe

22) TT
2 ETT

202) ETD

Fee note Won page 142

Loam =)

en

Strategic highlights

Governance

5 pincdtcutoments | teritoraton

Flexible working

‘At the beginning ofthe year, we rolled out flexible working across
‘our entice store network. This followed a six month pilot across 14
stores that showed a significant increase in the number of managers
‘who were happy with thelr working hours, which had no negative
impact on store performance. Busting the myth that managers

in etal operations need tobe on-site at all hours ofthe dy, all
Wickes store management teams can now explore flexible working
‘options that enable them to achieve a healthy workiife balance.

Ly reste on papas

Solar

Powered by Solar Fast

Wickes Group Ple Annul Report and Accounts 2028

or)

Wickes Solar

‘This year we have made a meaningful strategic entry into
the UK’s home energy solutions market with the acquisition
‘of a controling stake in Solar Fast, one of the UKs leading
‘operators in solar installation. Wickes Solar is now available to
‘customers through our website and in stores and we believe
that our trusted brand, coupled with significant experience
Indesign and instalation services a scale, makes us well
placed to become a leader in the market for domestic solar
installations, estimated to be worth €1.Sbn pa by 2028

LD) neste onpase2}

One million TradePro members

2024 has been a tremendous year for our TradePro membership
‘scheme. In September, we celebrated a milestone in the
TradePro success story hitting ourtarget of one milion
‘members. We are now focused on growing the numberof active
customers and this cohort has been ising steadily, standing

‘at over 580,000. TradePro members are our most strategically
valuable customers, spending on average ten times more ina
year than a typical DY customer and we are actively recrulting,
{developing and nurturing this important customer base.

LD) restore onpane20

Colleague Promise

‘To showcase why Wickes is a great place to work we have developed
‘our Colleague Promise, which describes who we are as an employer,
explains what we offer to our colleagues and reflects our culture and
values. For 18 months, we engaged with over 250 colleagues across
Wickes, listening to their experiences, ideas and aspirations and we
created our Colleague Promise, founded on three central pilars ~
‘Freedom tobe, Empowering you’ and Big on what matters.

Welcome

Four energy efficient new stores

n2024 we opened four new stores in Long Eaton, Durham, Aberdeen
and Leamington Spa, creating around 120 new jobs. As pat of our
‘commitment to growing responsibly, all four stores are fited with

air source heat pumps and our Aberdeen and Leamington Spa
stores have solar panels installed on their roofs. We have an exciting
pipeline of new stores planned for the coming years, as we target
‘an overall estate of around 250 stores over the medium term,

D) ressimerson pages

FTSE4Good

Entry into FTSE4Good index

ur progress with delivering our ‘Built to Last’ strategy and
‘increasing the transparency of our ESG disclosures was
recognised by our entry into the FTSE4Good index and achieving
{a'AAA'ESG rating from MSCI, For our 2024 COP (Carbon
Disclosure Project) submission, we successfully maintained
£2'B'rating for Climate Change and a'C' for Forests,

Dy reste

et )

Ata glance * Three distinct customer propositions

a SK han

We are trusted by local

our vision ‘ ‘ polly pert hey ned
A Wickes project 8 at great value, saving them
tie andmoney. ur

in every home TradePro loyalty scherne

g oy

For customers who are ‘We provide a highly curated
looking to buy anew range of branded and own
bathroom, kitchen or solar brand products in store and
panels, weofferatullservice [further products onine to
from concept design to help customers undertake
installation. Ourteamof = ff theirDIY project. Our store

stores across the UK

offers a 10% lacount and design consutents and teams and onine guides ae
fourWickes ownbrandhas nationwide network of there to provide customers,

Our purpose builta stiongreputation with [installers are onhand to ‘with expert advice and

To help the nation Local Trade over the past ‘uppor the comomer Knowedge to support them.
s0yeas. with thet project.

feel house proud )

colleagues

Our culture Our Built to Last strategy

‘We are proud of our special culture where everyone
is welcome and given the opportunity to thrive. We are
‘uided by a set of values we call our Winning Behaviours.

‘As we grow, we are committed to doing so
sustainebly. Ow Bult toLast Responsible
Business programme is focused on.

tee pire
29 People

Our colleague promise FO Ce ee tamer: Conmntes

Freedomtobe Environment

Empowering you carbon Wasie- Nate

Big on what matters Homes

Products «Services Installations

Can do spit

L resemere nase LD) resamoreonpase38 Dy restore onpage 30

© serene

Ata glance continued

Governance Financial statements Othe- informatio

We are a purpose-led business

Three long-term market drivers
support our growth ambitions

Abalanced business supporting
three customer propositions

The role
of the home

i, Local Trade

= The drive to

‘ Design &
©/ | save energy

Installation

Ns

[=| | Digitally
EL ett ret 2 bly

es |

LD) nessioreon ape 2 Dy esamoreon pipet

Wickes cro.>Ple AmualReponandaccowniszare <> @

‘Supported by our efficient
operating model

Curated product ranges
Simple, clear value pricing

Digitally-led, service-enabled

Distinctive operating model

Low cost, right size store estate

Perfectlyjplacedjto)
(deliverfexceptional
customenexperience]
fandifulfillourpurpose}
ehhitg the aation
ifeel[houselprouds

Governance Financial statements Otherinformation

© senses

Chair of the Board's statement

Wickes Groupe Arrul Report andAccouns202¢ <> @®

Investing
in growth

Christopher Rogers, Chair of the Board

hh

Our distinctive
proposition and excellent
execution of our strategy
have helped deliver a
strong performance.

On behalf of the Board, like to take this
‘opportunity to thank our colleagues who
‘do such afantastic job taking eare of o
‘customers and each other.

Performance
{As expected, 2024 has been another year impacted
by significant global political and economic events
that have weighed on consumer confidence. In
challenging trading conditions we have delivered
strong performance with sales of €1,538.8m and
we have grown our market share to record levels
Faced with significant increases in operational
costs, especially employment costs, we have
focused on improving productivity and delivering
efficiencies to deliver a profit of £43.6m,

urbalanced business model continues to
provide us with competitive advantage. Whilst
‘our Design & Installation business saw subdued
sales due to reduced consumer demand for
bigger ticket tems, this was compensated for
by strong demand in our Local Trade business,
helping to drive Retail sales growth of 19%,

Investing in growth
In 2023, we outlined a new Capital Allocation
Policy, underscoring our commitment to investing
nour high-returing proven growth levers and
returning excess cash to shareholders through

‘a share buyback programme. m pleased to
‘eport that the buyback programme has been
successfully delivered with £25m returned to
‘Shareholders in 2023 and 2024, We continue to
investin our strategic growth levers to further
strengthen the business and secure ou position
as aleader in the UK home improvement market
This includes a significant investment to enter

the domestic home energy solutions market,
through our acquisition of a majority stake in Solar
Fast, giving us a further platform from which to
accelerate our Design & Installation business.

‘As a growing business itis critical that we do so in
responsible way and was delighted that we have
been included in the FTSE4Good Index, recognising
althe great work that our teams do to progress our
ESG agenda. You can leam more about our
approach to ESG in the Responsible Business
section ofthis report (see pages 30-52).

Our culture
n2024, we wanted to shine a spotlight on what
‘makes our culture so special and have developed
‘anew Colleague Promise, which articulates
What feels like to work at Wickes. This special
cultureis reflected in our colleague engagement
‘scores, with high levels of ‘overall engagement’ at
77%, and low colleague turnover rates compared
with the wider retal sector. You can read more
about our Colleague Promise and how we embed
‘and monitor our culture on pages 24-29.

Dividend
‘The Boards pleased torecommenda final dividend
(of 73 pence per share, taking the ful year ordinary
dividend to 109 pence per share.

Board
‘As a Board we always enjoy the opportunity 0
meet store teams from across the business and,
this year, we've had highly valuable and enjoyable
visits to our Slough store and with one of our key
partners, Wincanton, a its Distibution Centre

in Corby.

Looking ahead
We expect the external environment to continue
tobe difficutin 2025, However, we believe our
relentiess focus on managing those costs that
we have contol over, atthe same time as investing
significantly in our growth levers, will continue

to drive market outperformance, as more
Customers turn tous to help them wit their

home improvement projects. along with the
Board and all ny Wickes colleagues, ae looking
forward to another year of delivering our growth
plans andhelping the nation feel house proud.

Christopher Rogers
Chair of the Board

—— ———_
Grerane (Comntomater_)

Investment case

. Sustainable competitive advantage

driving investment returns

Large and
growing market

UK home improvement
worth £27 billion per year.

Cy restnee ona

Distinctive
business model

Digitally-led, service-enabled,
with a highly efficient
operating model.

[Salesigrowth:

Our balanced business model
enables us to access three custarret
propositions of Local Trade, Design
& Installation and DIY, offering
greater resilience through the
economic cycle.

Wickes has just 06% skare of the
home improvement market, offesing
significant opportunity for future.
growth. Through consistent mar<et
share gains and underlying market
growth we aim to generate mid-single
digit revenue growth over the cycle.

Wickes GrovpPle Annual Report and

[rofitigrowth\2)

Our proven growth levers ere
successfully criving sales densities,
profit contribution and returns from
stores. Our efficient model keeps
operating costs-low, generating
operating leve-ege so that aver the
economic cycle we would expect
to grow profit faster then revenue.

c.20

rewjstores oversfourtofiverveats)

wntsr0ee (<>) =

exbtian

Our profitable business mode
generates strong operational cash
flow. This cash“low suppor's “uture
investment into proven growth
levers suc as store refits and digital,
as well as enhancing shareholser
returns through dividends and share
buybacks. in.2623 we unveil2c a
revised Capital Allocation Pcliey and
announced our first share buyback.

£41m

retumed,ta Star -holdersiin2)

Governance Financial statements Otherinformation

,

Chief Executive Officer's statement

A year of strong
progress

David Wood, Chief Executive Officer

Wickes Group Ple Annual Report and Accounts 2028

2024 was a year of strong progress for Wickes as
‘ur balanced business model and brand strength
saw us continue to deliver for customers and take
further market share. would like to thank my
colleagues for their continued hard work and
support and, together, we remain focused on,
helping the nation feel house proud.

\We grew volumes and share throughout the yearn
ur Reta business, as customers bought more of
‘ur products for theirhome improvement projects,
however big or small. In our Design and Installation
business, we have been encouraged by areturn
togrowth n ordered sales in Q4, following the
actions we took to enhance our customer offer
and experience

‘As expected, overall profitability declined versus
2023, reflecting a market with softer demand

for arger ticket purchases and continued cost
headwinds, which we were largely ableto offset
through our productivity savings. As aresult,
am pleased to report that we were able to deliver
adjusted PBT at the top end of expectations.

Market
The UK home improvement sector represents a
large and attractive market ofc. £27bn'. Within
this market we have a significant opportunity for
long-term growth given our relatively small market
share of around 6%. The challenging trading
Conditions ofthe last two years have resulted in
the exit of retallers such as Homebase, Carpetrght,
CCTO Tiles and Wik, presenting an opportunity for
strong businesses of scale, such as Wickes. The
‘market has grown atc. 2.5% per annum on average
‘over the past ten years, driven by the high average

‘Sowee Mal Ut Otto report June 2024

Revere Customs marin progeny wancectons

‘omglatedn be UK shove of 40,0000 above,

Jovan 2025

4 epee Enea Secuty 8 el Zr Mousey
Eten, 28 arch 2024

5 Decabonicng Budge gs rom cots ope,
Dubshedby he Granta nti ~ late Change ond the
Enionmet at mpeal ClegeLendan December 2022

{6 ONS Egy eicency ot owsng Enid and Wes 2024

oe

1)
The actions we have
taken across the business
to invest in our growth
levers and productivity
plan position us well for
future growth

‘age of the UK's housing stock, the rising number
‘of UK households and increasing home ownership,
Specialist DIY sales are forecast to grow by 16%
between 2024 and 2029, according to Mintel?
riven by improved confidence and expected
improvement in the housing market.

‘There are a umber of macroeconomic trends
which affect our market. Whilst the Wickes home
improver customer base has not been immune
{rom cost of lvng pressures (such as increased
‘mortgage rates of rents), they tend tobe slighty,
‘older and more affluent than the UK average,
Moving house is often a trigger to undertake major
home improvement projects overtime and the rate
‘of UK housing transactions has improved over
+2026 Wickes has virtually no exposure to civil
engineering or the new build housing market, given
that our customers are mostly home improvers:
and independent tradespeople

Britain's 29.8m* homes are among the least energy
efficient n Europe, losing heat up to three times
faster than in continental Europe. The average
household energy efficiency ating for England and
‘alesis band D* and the UK government estimates.
that 33% of homes with a loft do not have loft
insulationt3, At Wickes we are committed to
helping our customers improve the energy
efficiency oftheir homes and save money on their
‘energy bil The January 2025 report from our
proprietary Mood of the Nation survey showed that
around 15% of home improvers have considered
installing solar panels over the last year.

Governance

ee

Financial statements Otherinformation

Chief Executive Officer's statement continued

(ur December 2024 Mood of the Nation survey
showed that planned spend by UK consumers on a
new kitchen or bathroom remains below historical
orms, but stable over recent months. Demand has
been stronger in he <£4k segment of the kitchens
market. Consumers remain interested n DIY but
have been spending abit less, with Mintel reporting
that smaller projects have been the most popular
type of DIY completed’. The December 2024 Mood
ofthe Nation survey also shows that local trade
professionals remain busy, with 1 in 4having a
pipeline of work of more than 12 months.

Progress against strategic growth levers
The company's strategy, as outlined atthe time

‘of demerger, has delivered strong operational
progress centred around developing and extending
the Group's growth levers. These contribute to an
improvement in our products and services, saving
‘our customers time and money. Continued
investment in our growth levers will drive market
share growth inthe coming years.

Winning for trade
(ur TradePro membership scheme continues to
attract local traders, who choose Wickes forits
‘strong value credentials and simple discount
‘scheme, high quality products, availabilty on the
lines that matter most, as wells the convenience
‘of our 30-minute Click-and-Collect service.

Sales from TradePro members increased steady,
bby 14% over the year. The strong growth inthe
‘number of active customers to 581,000 was.
partially offset by a slight dctine in average
‘basket size as tradespeople have been managing
their material quantities more carefully. Total
‘membership ofthe TradePro scheme surpassed
‘the one milion mark in September achieving the
target st atthe time of demerger.

‘radePro members benefit from our rewards
programme, with access to special deals on
services such as skip hire, insurance and media,
‘subscriptions. n 2024, we added further services,
Including TradePro membership for trade
accredited members of trade federations such

‘as Checkatrade and SafeContractor, as well as

‘discounted fuel and vehicle maintenance with Fuel
Card Services, We have also continued to invest in
improving TradePro members’ digital experience,
‘making it easier to shop via the app, adding VAT/
'Non-VAT pricing and the ability to use the TradePro
card in a digital wallet.

Partnerships with trade federations give us access
tonew sources of accredited tradespeople. n order
tobuld loyalty with tradespeople atthe start of
their careers and to foster long-term engagement
{and spending, we have partnered with several
apprenticeship organisations, Access Training
provides essential raining programs that help
individuals upskill and gain qualifications nthe
construction sector, ensuring they are equipped for
long-term success. Additionally, Buildin Heroes,
‘supports ex-servicemen and women by offering
training and opportunities to transition into careers

‘construction. Through these partnerships, we
‘are not only supporting individuals to get started
inthetr careers but also contributing tothe growth
‘of askiled and diverse workforce in the
‘construction industry

\We continue to use behavioural analytics to
understand the drivers of average spending by
‘decile. Our proprietary and market-leading machine
leaming model, the Mission Motivation Engine
(MME), drives deeper customer relationships and
‘extracts greater ifetime value

Accelerating Design & Installation
Design & Installation delivered sales reflected the
‘challenging market environment for larger ticket
purchases in the UK. LFL sales declined by 139%,
whereas ordered sales* showed a single digit
year-on-year dectine. Momentum aterin the year
improved significantly, with LFL delivered sales
Improving from 13.3% in Q3 10-31% in Q4 and
‘ordered sales moving into year-on-year growth in
the fourth quarter forthe first time since Q2 2023,

‘This improvement has been driven by the
enhancements we have made to the business. In
‘response to customer feedback, we have simplified
the customer journey and now present a unified
‘Wickes Kitchens and Wickes Bathrooms offering,

Wickes Group Ple Annual Report and Accounts 2028

160

‘new Design Consultants

‘rather than separate Bespoke and Lifestyle paths.
This new approach encompasses brochures,
‘website, advertising and promotions. We have
streamlined the customer journey in store by
‘ensuring that new customers are able to interact
‘directly with a Design Consultant as soon as they
‘begin the design process, by adding around 160
Design Consultants and removing the Kitchen

2 Bathroom Adviser role. In addition to improving
‘the customer experience, thishas reduced the
associated operating costs. Customers are now
‘able tobook an appointment instantly with a
Design Constant, through our website, inthe
store oftheir choice, replacing a more cumbersome
telephone booking system. We also use a technical
solution for scheduling installers, with our
Customer Experience Centre overseeing the
‘mult-stage installation process. Product
development continues to drive growth, with new
sitchen ranges proving successful with customers.

‘The acquisition ofa 51% controling interest in
‘Solar Fast was completed on 21 May andis fully
‘consolidate from that date, We have now installed
‘Wickes Solar point-of-sale isplaysinallof our store
«estate inorder to support the digitaljourney onthe
‘Wickes website. We ae seeing an encouraging
response, with around 1 in 4 Solar Fast leads coming
‘through the Wickes channels and with these leads,
‘esuiting in above average conversion. The market for
domestic solar installations inthe UKisin long-term
growth with the market estimated tobe worth £1.50
paby 2028+. tis ahighly fragmented market wth no
clear brand leader, witha trusted brand and
significant experience in design and installation
services at scale, Wickesis wel placed to be @
‘market leader inhome energy solutions. Wehave an
‘option to purchase the remaining 49% ofthe issued
‘share capital of Solar Fast during the ive years

oe

following completion in tranches of notless
than 10% of the issued share capita, based on
a valuation of 6x last twelve months EBITDA at
thetime.

DIV eategory wins
‘Our market share in Retail has continued to grow,
with strength across numerous categories,
particularly in the DIY categories of interior paint,
decorative accessories and garden projects.

‘These compounding market share gains have
been driven by our ongoing development of

new and existing categories, as we broaden the
reach of the Wickes brand, We have grown our
‘decor proposition by selectively introducing

third party brands such as Crown, Zinsser and
extended ranges of Dulux as wel as refreshes
to.some of our own label ranges and one third

of baskets now include atleast one decorative
product. The two own brand paint colours which
we have launched with Kimberly Walsh have
been a huge success and have helped to broaden
‘ur appeal, such that now over 1 in 3 Wickes
customers are female* comparedtoless than

‘in 6 in 2019. The relaunch in recent years of
ranges such as our storage & shelving ranges
Continues to boost sales and market share in
these categories. We have driven incremental
revenue through faunching new categories and
‘expanding existing categories such as acoustic
wall panelling, motor accessories and decorative
‘accessories. The continuous range development
within gardening and landscaping has grown our
‘market share and attracted gardeners of all ages.

‘We continue to strive for the best possible range,
price and availabilty for our customers. Our
right sized stores sella carefully curated range

Source: Mina UX Retalng rp Ju 7026
2 Dele ssleraferstote reverie recognized when
the Grouphasstised perfomance bigaton oe
Cistlomer nthe cutomer has olanedcontal he oad

reencer erg varatores
orders been agreed
‘Souce Wood Macanie UK PV Capac Forecast
55 Preportenot Wes custemers erie a feat n202¢

Governance

© creme

Financial statements Otherinformation

Chief Executive Officer's statement continued

‘of €9000-10,000 SKUs and we are constantly
reviewing the range to ensure that each product
‘category is meeting expectations. During 2024 we
Carried out 19 comprehensive range reviews.

Allof these actions have contributed to our alltime
high customer satisfaction metrics. 84% of our
‘customers responded that our Click & Collect
‘service was excellent or good’ 2024, an
improvement of two percentage points. Our
‘customer satisfaction scores for Home Delivery
remain at very high evel, with 89% rating the
service as'excellentor'good”

Store investment
Investment in our store network continues, to
‘modernise the stores, improve our showrooms and
create additional fuflment space.

‘Our refit programme continues to deliver good
returns with strong sales uplift, particularly from
the Design & Installation areas, where we are
able to showcase our fll offer of kitchens and
bathrooms, The refits enable us o upgrade

the efficiency of multi-channel order pick and
despatch, which drives sales densities and
underpins our 30-minute Click & Collect promise
‘and increases customer satisfaction metrics,

182 stores, or 80% of the network, are now in

‘our new format. Seven storerefits were
successfully completed during 2024, in Ashford,
Burgess Hil Slough, Bedford, Worcester,
Edmonton and Lowestoft,

Our new store opening programme's performing

‘well, and we expect ournew stores to deliver good
‘economic returns, once mature. Four new energy

efficient stores opened during 2024 in Long Eaton,
Durham, Aberdeen and Leamington Spa, creating
‘around 120 new jobs. During 2024 we closed five

stores (Ashton Gate, Inverness, Sheffield Central,

Warwick Kitchen & Bathroom, Battersea Kitchen 8
Bathroom). We therefore ended the year with 228

stores. Total square footage remained broadly at
year-on-year.

(ur property plans for 2025 are on track Earlyin

2025 we acquired three former Homebase stores,
in Leeds Moor Allerton, Bury St Edmunds and

Dunfermline. Having already acquired the former
‘Homebase store in Northampton in late 2024,

‘we now have four former Homebase stores in our
‘new store opening programme for 2028. We are
planning a total of 10-15 refits in the year and 57
‘new stores. We have an exciting pipeline of new
stores planned for the coming years, as we target,
an overall estate of around 250 stores aver the
‘medio term,

Digital capability

‘We continue to invest in our digital capabilities to
deliver an integrated multi-channel shopping
‘experience for our customers.

‘We use our proprietary and market-leading
‘machine learning model, the Mission Motivation
Engine (MME), to deliver tailored content to
‘customers to help them complete theirhome
improvement missions and this is driving
significant revenues. Our MME collects data
‘ohelp us understand who our customers are,
what they browse, what they buy, how and

when, in order for us to produce personalised
‘communications. We have a comprehensive suite
‘of MME-led programmes of marketing emails
and app notifications, al of which are optimised
fortiming, audience and content for ou ifferent
customer profiles, with incrementality measured
‘gainst control groups. These communications
predict which products a customer may need and
encourage them to go deeper into their project or
‘mission. Our lifetime value calculator assesses,
behavioural data to determine whether each
‘customerislkely tobe ahigh value customer, to
determine their shopper type algorithm and gauge
‘our marketing efforts accordingly. The MME is
ahighiy effective method of using frst party

data toinform personalised communications

to thousands of individual customers.

‘We continue 10 improve our offering of digital
‘payment options. In order to complement our
‘existing Apple Pay functionality, ia January we
‘olled out Google Pay functionality for ciital
‘payments, offering ease of checkout and increased
‘conversion rate. Following a successfullaunch of
Klarna in 2023, we launched Clearpay in August

Wickes Groupe AnnualReport andccounsaaze << >

2024, asa second Buy Now Pay Later option,
‘We will subsequently be traling both Klara and
CCearpay in some of our stores,

We have invested in a Al-driven predictive
stock forecasting platform, which is delivering
‘materially enhanced productivity whilst driving
‘an improved customer experience and lower
costs. The platform has led toa significant
improvementin stock forecast accuracy with
‘material nancial benefits. We have delivered a
reduction in total stock units held and ac. 70%
‘eduction in third party storage usage over two
years. Store availabilty has improved alongside
the reduction in stock levels, We expect further
network efficiency opportunities for 2025

Enhanced store service model
‘Our'4C’ model aims to meet our customers’ needs
through allfour of our store network journeys: Self
‘Serve, Assisted Seling, Order Fulflment and the
Design & installation showrooms. Our approach
‘offers a seamless shopping experience for
‘customers and ensures that our store estate works
hard for us. Recent changes tothe store estate
have increased back of house capacity for Click &
Collect and Home Delivery Order Fulfilment, while
Feducing the impact on customers inthe store.

winning culture
We are proud of the Wickes culture which over the
past fifty years has evolved to become a modem,
inclusive workplace where all colleagues can feel
athome and have the opportunity to grow their
skis and develop their career. We continue to
engage with colleagues s0 that they are informed,
Inspied and motivated to play their part in
<elivering our strategy through exceptional

levels of customer service.

‘As part of our new Colleague Promise, we have
rolled out flexible working to al oles inthe Support
Centre and to all store management teams.
Responsible Business Strategy update

During 2024 we have continued to focus on
Integrating our Responsible Business Strategy

"Bultto Last’ across our business and supply chain,

with continued progress made across all three

bh

Our market share in Retail
has continued to grow,
with strength across
numerous categories,
particularly in the DIY
categories of interior paint,
decorative accessories
and garden projects.

pillars ofthe strategy ~ People, Environment and
Homes. As a responsible business we ensure we
Continue to also focus on our three fundamental
topics — Health & Safety, Ethical Business Conduct
‘and Responsible Sourcing,

‘The health and safety of our colleagues and
‘customers remains our number one priority. In
12024, we had an 8% reduction of injury numbers
‘across the business and a 36% reduction in
colleague injuries leading to lost time or work days,
‘compared to 2024,

1n 2024, our progress with delivering our ‘Bult to
Last’ strategy and increasing the transparency of,
‘our ESG disclosures was recognised by our entry
into the FTSE4Good index and achieving a'AAA’
ESG rating from MSCI. For our 2024 CDP (Carbon
Disclosure Project) submission, we successfully
‘maintained a'8' rating for Climate Change and aC’
for Forests.

People
Inclusion and diversity is centralto our new.
‘employee value proposition launched in 2024. in
‘our management population we increased female
representation from 35.1% 10 37.0% in 2024, and
representation of people from an underrepresented
ethnic background from 11.3% to 119%. Fair pay
remains atthe core of our reward offering and we
recently reported favourable median gender and
ethnicity pay gaps.