Helping the
nation feel
house proud

Wickes Group Ple Annual Report & Accounts 2021
53 weeks ending 1 January 2022

3SNOH S3INVsNOO

WEDNESDAY

Zz0z/v0/0z lov

anzneozav«

pit

Welcome
to our first
Annual Report.

Who we are

We are a digitally-led, service-enabled
home improvement retailer, offering
choice, convenience, value and best-in-
class service to customers across the UK.
We fulfil all of this through a low-cost,
efficient and integrated operating model.

Why we are different

We have a highly distinctive proposition,
which is differentiated from the competition
and underpinned by our uniquely balanced
business, with revenues split between our
three customer propositions: Local Trade,
Do-it-for-me and DIY Retail

What’s
inside
this
report:

STRATEGY IN ACTION
‘Making time for you

PAGE 9

ceo REVIEW PAGES
‘Were hereto help the nation feel house prous

RESPONSIBLE BUSINESS,

We have launched our Responsible
Business Strategy

PAGE 26

STRATEGY IN ACTION,
Mastering our rade

GOVERNANCE
Being wansparent and accountable

Page

Pace

STRATEGIC REPORT

Highiohts
ur business ata glance

Charman’ statement

Chie Executive Ocers review

ur imwesiment ease

Marke review

Business mode!

Swati overview

Key pertormance nicaors
Responsible Business Sirtegy

Non financial information statement
Section 172

Financial evew

Risk management overview
Principal ks and uncerianies
Vibity statement

Chana’ intodcton Governance
Compliance withthe UK Corporate Governance Code
Board of Oxectors
Boardeadership and company purpose
Division of respon.bities
Composition succession and evaluation
‘Nominations Committe repert
‘Ai and Risk Comite enor
Responsible usiness Cormmiteerepoct
Directors Remuneration eport
Detors Remuneration Plcy
“AnnualReport on Remuneration
ieciors report
Statement ofesponsibiies

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Independeni Auditor's report tothe members
of Wickes Group Pic

Consaiateg income statement ara other
Consolidated balance sheet

Console statement of changes neatly
CConsoiated cath fw stalement

‘Notes tothe consolidate nancial statements
‘Company balance sheet

Company sislement of chenges in equly
"Notes tothe Company financial statements

OTHER INFORMATION

‘Shareholder information
Glossary
‘Aleratve performance measures

186
187
158

162
18
164

Governance

Highlights

Financial statements Shareholder information

ore information, p

0 pa9¢8 26-27 Formate information please

pages 1625

a  * <<

Digitally-led

With two thirds of sales coming through digital
channels, we have made significant enhancements
004" digital proposition to improve the customer
experience, These include introducing an online
showroom tour as part of our Do:it-forme (OIFM)
virtual journey, a new O1Y app. the aunch of acigital
picking app for coleagues to help them pick
products for Click & Collect and Home Delivery
Crders, and the ongoing development of our
Missions Motivation Engine, which will use data
{and analytics to better understand our customers
‘and meet thei home improvement needs.

Innovation

‘Along with digital innovation, we launched
innovative new product ranges, highly successful
‘new bathroom and kitchen ranges, anda
hhome-office proposition, swiftly responding
tochanging customer trends.

Strong return
oninvestments

We refitted ten stores to our new format with
Sales upits of over 25% driving strong cetura
‘on investment, We also reconfigured 50 of
‘our highest-volume Home Delivery and Click &
Collect fulfilment stores to create 50,000 sqft
cof additional storage space.

Keeping people safe

[As an essential retailer, we kept our slores open
Uoughout 2021, withthe exception of our
‘showrooms which were closed during lockdowns.
‘Our number-one priority was to keep our colleagues
‘and customers safe by implementing stringent
pandemic'secure measures. We promoted our
Let's Care For Each Other campaign to make it
lear that physical, vebal or racial abuse of any
kind to our coleagues is unacceptable.

REVENUE (EM)
2020; £13469

£1,534.9m

AvsusreD par (em)
2020; £49 5M

£85.0m

STATUTORY PBT (EM)
2020: £239

£65.4m

[ADJUSTED BASIC EARNINGS PER
SHARE (P)
2020: 16.18

27.2p

STATUTORY BASIC EARNINGS PER
SHARE (P)!
2020: 10.4

23.3p

eT peor (em)
12020: £783.5M

£618.7m

LPL SALES GRowrTH?
2020: 50%

13.0%

TRADEPRO ACCOUNTS (K)
2020: 53k

634k

STORES 1M NEW FORMAT %
2020: 61%

65%

1 Reler tothe tncome Statement on page 110 2nd noe 9on page 125,
2 Reteronote11.0n pages 128-129,
2 Reteronote Son page 12,

For more informat

New Responsible
Business Strategy

Following our demerger we established our
Responsible Business Committee, chaired by
Non-executive Director, Sonita Alleyne, and
launched a new Responsible Business Strategy
that we call ‘Built to Last’, focused on three pillars
~ People, Environment, Home.

People

We were recognised in the 2022 Financial Times
Diversity Leaders in Europe report for a second year
‘unning, ranking as No. 2 in the top 10 retailers in the
UK and in the top 20 of overall UK companies.

Environment

99.8%

of all timber FSC or PEFC certified

Home

We have set new targets to reduce packaging
‘across our business:

~ By2023, we will eliminate all unnecessary packaging

= By 2025, all of our packaging will be easy 10
‘recycle, reuse or compost.

= By 2025, 50% of al of our packaging materials
will come from recycled materials,

Strategic report Governance

At a glance

OUR VISION

A Wickes project
in every home

our puRrose

To help the nation
feel house proud

OUR MISSION

To be the partner
of choice for Home
Improvers and
Local Trade

OUR WINNING BEHAVIOURS.
Our business is powered by highly engaged teams,
who operate around a simple, yet deeply held set of
beliefs we call our Winning Behaviours.

Authentic

our
WINNING

Winning BEHAVIOURS

Humitty ——Candosplet

Financial statements

£26.5bn

SIZE OF UK HOME
IMPROVEMENT MARKET

8,200+

232

STORES, WITH 151
REFITTED

c.5m

DIGITAL CUSTOMERS.

2/3

OF SALES come THROUGH
(OUR DIGITAL CHANNELS.

98%

OF SALES TOUCH THE STORES

‘Shareholder informat on

Auniquely balanced business
supporting three customer propositions:

Local Trade

From trade-trusted brands to
always being 10% cheaper, we can
‘save you time and money when
you shop with TradePro:

Do-it-for-me

From concept to completion, plus
all the fisishing touches, we can
help you with your project every
step of the way

DIY

From our curated range to bringing
you the right quality products at
the right prices, we can help you to
tackle your project, providing
advice, guidance and knowledge:

Vv Extension Vv Bathroom Vv Painting
V Loft conversion V Kitchen V = Hanga shelf
Vv Driveway Vv Tiling V Gardening
SUPPORTED AY AN EFFICIENT AND INTEGRATED MODEL
curated | Dightaly-tea Distinctive Low-cost, simple,
product anges servicemodel | physical estate clear pricing
Our commitment to People
growing responsibly
(ur Responsible usiness Strategy supports
a gverae and inclusive society, an environment
thatls protected forthe next generation,
and homes that are fi fra sustainable
future for everyone
Homes Environment

Formore information, please see pages 28-48,

Governance

Chairman's statement

A Wickes project
in every home

Financial statements

Christopher Rogers

‘Shareholder information

It gives me great pleasure to welcome you

to Wickes Group Pic's first Annual Report.

2021 was a momentous year for Wickes.

We demerged from Travis Perkins Group Plc in
April to become a standalone Company listed on
the London Stock Exchange and I was honoured
to be invited to chair this fantastic Company.

The demerger was thoughtfully executed and well
planned, and David has built a strong team to lead
the next chapter of Wickes’ growth. Itis a business
with a very clear and distinctive position in the
market which, with its newly found independence,
can be even more agile and responsive to the
ever-changing needs of its customers.

2021 willbe remembered as a year when the world
Continued to grapple with the impact of the
pandemic and while, as an ‘essential taller, we
were able to continue to welcome customers to our
232 stores, forthe first quarter ofthe year our
Doritfor-me showrooms remained closed. As people
had to spend more time at home than ever before,
their desire to create a safe, comfortable and
functional ving space generated increased demand
for home improvement and our purpose to help the
Nation feel house proud ~ has never been more
relevant and meaningful

‘Wickes’ special culture has come into its own during
the pandemic, as colleagues have lived and breathed
our behaviours, demonstrating their kindness and
‘compassion in supporting customers and colleagues.
Personally, end on behalf ofthe Board, | would like to
thank every member ofthe Wickes family for their
hard work, caring and commitment during this time
‘of such great change and uncertainty

1 Relertonte Son page 121

Performance
We achieved a strong performance in 2021, with
2 13% growth in our lke for lke sales’ and an
increase in adjusted pre-tax profits of 71.7% to
£85.0m, along with good progress across our
‘non-financial key performance indicators.

Our balanced business model, which spans Local
Trade, Do-it-for-me (DIFM) and DIY, has served us
particularly well during the pandemic, enabling us
to meet rapidly changing consumer needs and
‘shopping habits arising out of lockdowns and

the subsequent easing of restrictions.

Wickes is emerging from the pandemic as a
stronger business, with significantly enhanced
digital capabilites, a larger, loyal customer base,
innovative new products and services, and more
agile ways of working that enable us to adapt
‘swiftly fo new trends and customer demand.

As a new Board we are excited
by the growth prospects for
this fantastic business and
passionate about ensuring
that, as we grow, we do so
responsibly and in a way that
benefits all our stakeholders.

Christopher Rogers

tegic repor Governance

Growing responsibly
[AS we grow, i's imperative that we do so responsibly,
reducing our impact on the environment, helping

our customers make their homes more sustainable,
and making @ positive difference to our colleagues,
our partners and our communities.

On pages 28-48, we have laid out our environmental,
social and governance (ESG) focus areas and goals,
which our Board level Responsible Business
Committee, chaired by Non-executive Director,
Sonita Alleyne, will champion and oversee.

You can read first hand all the great work that

's going on across the business to reduce emissions,
plastic packaging and waste, to support local
communities, build skills and create an inclusive

‘and diverse place to work, where all our 8,200
colleagues can truly feel at home. We were especially
pleased to be listed for two years running in the
Financial Times European Diversity Leaders survey,
ranking as a top 10 UK retailer for inclusion and
diversity (180).

To celebrate the demerger, every
colleague was granted shares in
the Company.

Christopher Rogers

Financial statements

Of course, there is so much more for us to do, and
as a Board we are united and determined to drive

forward our ESG agenda and set ambitious goals

that will bring meaningful change.

Maiden dividend
Reflecting our strong performance and confidence
in future growth, the Board is pleased to recommend
2 final dividend of 8.8 pence per share. This takes
‘our maiden full year ordinary dividend to 10.9 pence
per share

Board

‘Asa newly listed business, in 2021 we established
the Wickes Group Pic Board and we have assembled
‘a bench of experienced independent Non-executive
Directors, with relevant skills and qualifications who
are focused on creating value over the medium term
for all our stakeholders,

Celebrating 50 years and a bright future
‘As we enter 2022, Wickes has another milestone
to celebrate - the 50th anniversary ofthe brand
in the UK.

The past 50 years have seen phenomenal change to
the way people use and experience their homes and,
‘at Wickes, we are very proud to have played our
small part in the history of home improvement.

‘As we build on our strengths as a digitally-ed,
service-enabled business, we look forward to helping
shape future decades of home improvement and
‘continuing to help the nation fee! house proud.
Christopher Ros
Chairmen

24 March 2022

‘Shareholder information

Brief history of
1972 Wickes in the UK
zen 1987

100th stove inthe UK.

2006

‘Wickes.co.uklaunches
‘asa transactional
weasite

2015

First new format
Wickes store opens

2017

Wickes launches
TradePro

‘Wickes is floated on the
London Stock Exchange

2005

Travis Perkins Group Plc
acquires Wickes

2009

‘Wickes launches its
instalation service

Wickes first Inclusion
‘and Diversity network
established

2021

‘Wickes demerges from
Travis Perkins Group Ple
toliston the London
Slock Exchange

2022

‘Wickes celebrates 50
years of helping the nation
feel house proud

Fivancial statements

ensenme | Governance

Chief Executive Officer's review

We’re here to help the
nation feel house proud

David Wood

Shareholder information

Our strategy is delivering
strong growth and return on
investment. The results we
are seeing, plus these strong
returns, give us confidence to
accelerate our investments to
drive further growth.

David Wood

2021 was an important year in Wickes’ history,

‘as we became a stand-alone Company, listed on
the London Stock Exchange, and it gives me great
pleasure to report our first set of annual results
Ithas been a year of excellent growth and our
performance is testament to the resilience and

hard work of our colleagues, our strong supplier
relationships, our uniquely balanced business model
‘and our market leading customer proposition. | am
tremendously proud of all our colleagues who have
truly embodied our Winning Behaviours as they
Continue to deliver our purpose - to help the nation
feel house proud. | would like to take this opportunity
to sincerely thank them all for their tireless
dedication, commitment and support.

Looking ahead, we expect to continue outperforming
the market and are well-placed to capitalise on the
‘ongoing requirement for home improvement, namely
‘an ageing housing stock, favourable consumer
trends, and the increased focus on insulating and
retrofitting homes. While we recognise the pressure
that consumers will be facing in 2022, we have the
fight model, a strong pipeline and arder book, and

remain very confident in our outlook and of making
further progress in the current year driven by a
‘material increase in Do-it-for-me revenues.

Wickes has performed strongly in 2021 supported
by our digitaly-1ed, service-enabled proposition.

‘Two thirds of our sales were driven from digital
channels, as we have both retained those customers,
acquired during the pandemic, and continued to
(grow the base further.

Our performance in the financial year has been
driven by the benefits of having a uniquely balanced
business ~ providing market-leading products

and services across Local Trade, DIFM and DIY.
Whichever way customers want to improve

their homes, we are there for them with

everything they require to complete their project.

Market
‘The appetite to invest in home improvement

played out strongly in 2021 as customers sought

to complete projects either through DIY, employing

2 local tradesman or seeking concept to completion
services on projects such as a kitchen or bathroom
Installation, We believe the market has all the right
attributes for long-term sustainable growth,
underpinned by the UK's ageing housing stock,
‘ising property prices and transactions, a strong jobs
‘market and the increased focus on climate change
and the importance of retrofitting homes. These all
‘Support project work and investment in the home,

Despite the easing of the pandemic restrictions,
hybrid working patterns are likely to result in more
time spent in the home for the foreseeable future,
fuelling further desire to renovate and refurbish.

We have also seen increased appetite from rental
tenants to invest in their properties, and interest from
the millennial generation in DIY, combined with

‘a higher level of savings which supports pent

up demand. When taken together these factors
continue to indicate strong growth opportunities

in the home improvement market,

Governance

Autonomy/IT separation
progress

Following the decision by the Board of
Travis Perkins pic to progress the demerger
of Wickes, a TSA (transitional service
agreement) was established to manage an
effective and successful separation of the
two businesses. The IT separation
programme was fully re-mobilised during
the year, having been considerably reduced
in scope in 2020, We are currently on track
to complete separation of the IT
infrastructure away from Travis Perkins
within two years of the demerger, with a
remaining associated ‘one off separation
cost of around £30m in 2022-23

All aspects of the programme will continue
to be overseen by the Wickes Executive and
PLC Board who monitor delivery and
mitigate any operational risk arising.

1 Source: Gtk GB PoS data, sourced lem GIK DY Category
Reporting December 2021

Financial statements

More recently, we believe that any volatility in
energy prices and more acute focus on the cost

of living may act as a catalyst for many homeowners,
to prioritise improved insulation for their property,
{and to examine alternative forr«rs of heating.

In summary, we believe that there is much more
{0 go for in 2022 and beyond, and that the Wickes
balanced business model and proposition means
that itis well-positioned irrespective of how a
‘customer chooses to complete their home
improvement project.

Ukraine
Wickes is greatly saddened by the invasion

of Ukraine. Gur thoughts continue to be with al of
those people impacted by this tragic conflict and
we are providing support forall of our affected
colleagues in the UK. In addition, we are making

2 £100,000 donation to Unicef to help children in
Ukraine, and offering our customers the opportunity
to add a S0p donation to their purchases, From a
business perspective, Wickes has no operations in
Ukraine or Russia, and minimal supply chain
exposure to the region,

Operational progress
Ina year which continued to be impacted by the
pandemic, we made further operational progress
and were pleased to see a further increase in
customer numbers and an improvement in our
Core market share!

Wickes continued to be classed as an ‘essentiat
‘elailer through the pandemic restrictions in the first
half of the year, although our showrooms were
closed until 12 April Despite this, demand in Core
remained very strong over this period, with Wickes
teams performing well in ensuring product,
availablity under difficult market conditions,

During this financial year, both our store and
distribution environments handled record levels of
throughput, driving strong operational leverage in
challenging circumstances by continuing to develop
and refine working practices whilst delivering
improverent in customer satisfaction measures,

Shareholder information

Investment and innovations in this area included new
in-store digital handheld terminal picking capability,
‘and ‘park and collect’ allowing customers to remain
in their vehicles when collecting goods from stores.
During the year we also reconfigured 50 of our
highest-volume Home Delivery and Click and
Collect fulfilment stores to create 50,000 square
feet of additional storage space without affecting
store ranges or compromising the store format.
Many of these initiatives are now being rolled out
‘across the business.

While inthe first half we continued to invest in areas
such as cleaning, social distancing and marshalling,
pandemic-related costs started to unwind in the
second half of the year.

‘As the financial year progressed, as expected ike for
like (LFU) sales deciined moderately against very
strong comparatives, although still increased by
‘35.7% on a two year basis. During the second half,
‘we continued to prioritise our price leadership within
high inflationary environment. Working closely
with our suppliers, and with our strategy of
maintaining cash gross margin (es opposed to
percentage), our relative price position remained
strong during the year. in addition to providing
customers with the best possible value, it gives us
‘opportunities to drive further market share gains.
The estimated level of price inflation for the full year
‘was 7%, compared with 3% in the first half.

Availabilty challenges in certain categories have
been widely discussed. Whilst we are not immune to
these challenges, our strong supplier relationships,
curated range and operational agiity have served

us well to continue to provide customers with the
products they need through this period,

DIFM orders strengthened over the course of the
financial year, especially rom the second quarter
onwards. However, our ability to convert this
increase in orders into delivered sales was hampered
in the final quarter of the financial year by the onset
of the new Covid variant Omicron, which affected
both availabilty of installation teams and the ability

‘and willingness of customers to have tradesmen in
their homes. Together with the elevated pipeline of
Corder from earlier in the year, our year end order
book has more than doubled on a two year basis.

Despite this disruption, we have continued to offer
customers excellent service levels, and have retained
ur ‘distinction’ level of service from the Institute of
Customer Service in challenging circumstances

We continue to grow our installer network with
around 700 new instalation teams approved in the
year, aking the total to over 2,600 and strengthening
the capacity and quality of our installation capability
‘Additionally, we continue o progress our Installer
‘Apprenticeship Programme withthe initial cohort
completing ther training inthe first half ofthe year.

Growth levers
19 2022 and beyond, we see further significant
revenue and margin opportunities from our growth
levers, The performance of refitted stores has been
excellent, and we will be accelerating the pace of
fefits as well as examining opportunities for stores
innew catchments. TradePro is now a substantial
business, and we will be looking to drive sales per
account through both basket size and frequency,
and to increase the range of products and services
offered. Our DIFM installer base continues to grow,
and this year we plan to test, learn and roll out new
installation services such as joinery and landscaping
to increase our scale and reach. All these will be
supported by our strong digital presence in all areas
of the business.

Store refits and new openings

During the financial year there were 10 refits
completed, and two refreshes. In line with our
strategy to continually improve the quality of the
estate, there was one relocation (Sunderland) and
‘one closure (Chichester).

We now have 151 stores trading in the new format,
with refited stores continuing to deliver strong sales
vuplifts and investment returns. For the stores
‘efitted over the last 12 months, the average sales
‘outperformance was over 25%, with DIFM again

Governance

Financial statements

Chief Executive Officer's review continued

showing a particularly strong uplift delivering strong
returns on investment. Our refitted stores now
generate sales per square foot of £260 versus £198
for heritage stores.

The excellent performance of new format stores has
{two implications for our store estate. Firstly, we will
look to accelerate the pace of refits over the next few
years, completing the programme within five years
‘compared with the previous plan of seven years, with
1215 refits annually and each costing c£1m.

‘Secondly, our ability to drive higher sales densities
‘and value enhancing returns through new format
‘stores, plus changes in the competitive landscape,
creates an opportunity to enter new catchment
areas. As such, we now believe there is scope to
‘open up to 20 new stores over the next five years,
although this pipeline will ake time to build.

Winning for Trade
(Our Local Trade offers based on creating efficiency
~and simplicity or our customers, who turn to us
knowing that they get market-leading value on the
products that matter and a brand which they know
their own customers trust. With 2 10% discount on
all purchases, and an efficient digital journey and
fulfment model, we save our TradePro customers
time and money.

We have continued to grow our TradePro membership,
enrolling over 80,000 new Local Trade customers,
bringing total membership at the financial year end
to over 630,000. Our Local Trade customers indicate
that they have a strong pipeline of work and this has
translated into increased transactions and spend,
with demand remaining strong even against tougher
second half comparatives.

We continued to evolve our digital capability during
the year, with more personalisation introduced in

the TradePro app together with the ability to target
promotional offers and give early visibility of these
offers to drive loyalty. We continue to develop our
Mission Motivation Engine (MME), with an initial
focus on Local Trade. The MME incorporates internal
and external data to help us identify which missions
our customers are on, leading to more relevant

personalised communication across all channels
Inaddition, our new digital picking capability in
stores enables prioritisation of the trade customer
orders to ensure we can better deliver on the need
{o’save me time, save me money’

Looking ahead, we see major opportunites to drive
‘our TradePro business. In addition to our target of
‘1 milion members and measures to drive order
frequency, we will be focusing further on how

‘we can improve the offer to drive basket size.

This could involve improving personalisation,
broadening the proposition and extending
TradePro reach,

Accelerating DIFM
We believe digital development and product
innovation has underpinned our success in DIFM
and will drive accelerated growth. As such, this
remained an area of focus and investment during
the year. Throughout the period the virtual
showroom journey and virtual tour functionality
have enabled us to continue to engage with
customers and take them through the design and
sales process entirely remotely, supported by our
experienced design consultants, The proportion

of leads through our digital channels has continued
to grow strongly over the year, and we expect
further progress here in 2022

We have made additional investment in product
innovation in ine with changing customer demands
and needs, including a major refresh of the kitchen
range, a completely new bathroom range together
with a standalone home office proposition all of
which are indicating encouraging levels of interest
from customers. The home office proposition
‘notably demonstrates our agily o respond to
changing consumer behaviour and leverages our
existing design and installation capability. Our new
kitchen and bathroom ranges were progressively
introduced into our showroom displays, and this
was completed in the second half ofthe year

We also took our new bathroom range above the
line, launching our frst ever bathroom TV
advertisement, helping to drive substantial

growth in this category

Shareholder information

We continue to see high attachment rates of
tiling and flooring sales to kitchen and bathroom.
projects, confirming the opportunity to grow
adjacent categories and increase overall project
spend, Digital development has delivered improved
imaging, features and pricing illustrations for DIFM
projects, together with new video content supporting
flooring and tiling,

‘As outlined above, we continue to make further
progress in extending the range of DIFM projects
offered. In addition to adjacent categories, we have
‘identified opportunities over the medium term to
deepen and broaden our proposition in the overall
kitchen market.

Digital developments
We are further developing

---

e milion members

~ Buoyant pipeline of work or rade
protessionas. 66% a! vadespeole
Say hey have worked vp forthe

~ Increased demande sles

PRIMARY PRINCIPAL RISK
Focus:

~ Reputation and brand integrity

~ Customer service and experience

ENABLED BY US ALSO
MANAGING PRINCIPAL
RISKS RELATING TO:

~ People culture ane safety
~ cyber security and data

18%

Increase in TeadePro members

STRATEGIC Focus

WHAT WE ACHIEVED.

‘OPPORTUNITIES

= Grow DIFM by enhancing and innovating the
existing proposition, introducing new kitchen and
bathroom ranges and refreshing our showrooms,

= Develop natural extensions into adjacent
categories to increase overall home improvement
project spending

= Continue to strengthen our installer base of
2,600+ Wickes approved installer teams to
increase competitive advantage.

~ Run the Wickes Installer Apprenticeship,
programme to secure a future generation of
skilled installers,

‘Continsed song evsome’ demond
{cou OFM vital ourney with over
:2.3millon interactions wih the 09,
Redeveloped our ene batvoom
‘ange andretesned 20% of out
ichen ange wih strong sales
performance n these new anges.
Launched our home office proposition
‘responding to changing consumer
behaviour and leveraging our existing
design and installation capably,
Extendedinstalaion services into
roinery, glazing ac landecaping
categories

(ue fist cohort of Instat apprentices
completed he Apprenticeship.

Cita evelopment has delivered
imoroveaimaging,ealres and
‘ing ilustrations onthe website for
DIF projects and new video content
supperts Flooring an Ting

T Tneresed installer bose py 25% 9
202

~ tenulyadetona home improvement
categories to extend installer services,

= Te enforced closure of our
showrooms in 2020-202) combined
withthe consraines avaiabiiy of
leg installers has ledto pent-up
Customer demand for DIFM procucte
nd services that we expect 0
continue treughout 2022

~ High fragmented maretpace with
opportunity to take share trough our
‘markt leading national proposition,

isk Focus:
= Reputalion and brondntegity
~ Customer service and experience

ENABLED BY US ALSO
MANAGING PRINCIPAL
RISKS RELATING TO:

= Operations

~ People culture and safety
~ cyber secur and data

>26,000 2,600+ — 34

Governance Financial statements Shareholder information

We inspire, offer advice, and act
as one partner to manage:
‘customer's project end to end while

Making time for you coca ownneton

In 2021 our team of 620
house design consultants and
2,600+ Wickes-approved
installer teams completed
>26,000 installations.

Customers are increasingly using our
DIFM virtual journey for inspiration and to
explore their new dream kitchen or bathroom,

What next for DIFM?

Growth wil come through extensions into new categories,
with windows, lft conversions, crweways, patios ané
landscaping defined as future opportunities. These new
‘markets are large, and Wickes has low penetration.

Using our Missions Motivation Engine, we use date
and analytics o gain insight into customers’ shopping
‘missions, enabling us to create targeted personalised
communications to inspire and help ther with theic home

Nathan completed his Wickes Installer improvement projects

Apprenticeship in July 2021 pase

Rosie, Liam and Olive, Southampton

DIFM

For more informat

page 18

scion | Governance

Strategy
ata glance
continued

Growth levers

DIY category wins

Provide an in-depth a
refully curated rat

store with an extended range
online to offer customers the

Digital capability

ting significantly
apabilit

seaml
}opp

Financial statements

STRATEGIC FOCUS

Shareholder information

WHAT WE ACHIEVED

‘OPPORTUNITIES

RISKS

= Grow our existing DIY proposition and grow
volumes by targeting large markets for common
DIY projects and aim to get our fair share in
underweight categories.

= Conduct an active programme of range reviews
seeking to innovate and evolve our product
offering,

~ Ensure good availability of our highest-demand
products in store and limit the use of promotional
periods and discounting activity to increase sales,

~ Our highly curated product range supports our
efficient operating model, enabling simpler and
more efficient product refreshing and reducing
complexity for distribution and in-store
stocking activities.

HIGHLIGHTS.

= Competed range eviews iva umber
oftey areas nelidng garden|
tmantenaee leering titer and
‘Sheet mateals, doors and gecoraing

~ Range reviews edo an average 15%
redetion instock heeping vst (SKUS)

~ todd innovative new product
ranges sven as waterveisant
laminate loring Wickes-branded
peat tree compost, engineeres
Eompeste soa core metodo
nda Somsung ange of cennected
‘Smortapplacces

Target turner categories where we
ate curreily underweight to nerense

~ 79% ot home improves tld us hey

planned io spena tne same or more on
home improvement inthe next 2
2a months (source Wickes suvey
Nov202).

~ nen wave of younger Overs
supports a growing custome base.

~ Development of amarterpiace
propostion

PRIMARY PRINCIPAL
nisx Focus,

~ Reputation and brend integrity

~ Customer service and expeience

MANAGING PRINCIPAL
RISKS RELATING TO:

= Operations

= People cuiture and saety
= cyber sew and do

c.15%

SKU redueton flowing range reviews

STRATEGIC FOCUS

WHAT WE ACHIEVED

Risks

~ Deliver an ongoing programme of improved features.
for our website, TradePro app, OIY app, online in-store
terminals (OL)) and DIFM virtual journey.

~ Enhance our Click & Collect and Home Delivery
services alongside extending our online product
range lo provide greater choice, flexibility and
convenience as well as improving operating
efficiency in stores through our colleague
picking app.

~ Continue to develop our Missions Motivation Engine
that uses data and analytics to identify customer
shopping ‘missions’ and gauge the commercial
volume and value within those missions.

~ Create targeted personalised communications,
through all owned and earned marketing
channels, to increase the quality and quantity,
of missions customers shop with us,

Launched new 01 app wih proves
‘uctonaty, augment realty
capably ane push rotiestion.

~ Enhanced website wih new chatbot
{uaetona

---

{eran and high customer density

PRIMARY PRINCIPAL
risk Focus:

~ Customer service and experience
~ Finance and Teaeury

ENABLED BY US ALSO
MANAGING PRINCIPAL RISKS
RELATING TO:

~ Target highvolume stores with a reconfigured tev tvgeted erage etn om = ciate anf
lower-investment refit model to increase their ‘caplet iewestment of 25%. = Operations
storage capacity to facilitate Click & Collect and | ~ Recenfigured $0f ou highest
Home Delivery orders, supported by handheld ‘ature Home Derry and Chek &
technology that heips colleagues pick theitems | Sguodsaitauaweralscoage
mote efficient face woot atecting store ranges
~ Conduct store refresh activities, on a roling Creorproring he sre oma.
five-year basis folowing the completion of refit
activities to maintain store estate
micnuichrs
10 31%
store rts average aes ncreve poor caw oat stores computed ohare sores
staavsoie rocus wnar WE AcwiEvED opronruniries miss

= Continue to develop and roll out our unique 4C
model (see page 23), which is critical to offering @
seamless shopping experience for all our
customers,

~ Integrate digital capabilites across the four areas
Of the store to provide a seamless shopping
experience, improve efficiency and give us
significant competitive advantage.

~ Grow Click & Collect and Home Delivery services
through increased storage capacity, introducing
service-enabling technology and securing bestin-
class delivery partners.

HIGHLIGHTS

Tw of ctesgues completed the «c
ng wit emainder be
~ levrodvees two new cari porters
(070 and Totnes to support tre
helps colleagues pick ck Cole
‘and Home Delivery orders faster and
more accurate

= Maximise future eigitl innovations to
become more efficent arto enhance
the eustomer experience tough he
four areas ol he store.

PRIMARY PRINCIPAL
isk Focus:

= Operations

MANAGING PRINCIPAL RISKS
~ Finance and Treasury
~ People, culture a safety

71%

of coteagues completed 4 ining

je repo

Governance Financial statements

The hub of home improvement

Assisted Selling

The Assisted Selling area ofthe store, where the online
in-store terminal (OLI is located, gives customers access
to our extended range of products online. It also allows
colleagues to rack stock and inventory information

from the extended product ranges and place customer
orders from the shop floor.

ique
4C model

Un

Shareholder information

Our stores are an integral part of
the Wickes customer proposition.
We operate 232 stores across the UK
with an average footprint of 28,000
q ft of rentable internal space.

Self Serve

Our knowledgeable colleagues support Self Serve
customers ina welcoming environment that makes
it simple, quick and easy to shop,

Footfall dynamics allow for
business across all parts of
the day. In the mornings it

is more about Local Trade; in
the afternoon we see a big
push on DIY; and in the
evening, after work, it is DIFM.

Do-it-for-me

[ADIFM showroom in each store displays our kitchen and

‘bathroom ranges. helping our DIFM customers to dream

‘and visualise their project, with expert help from our
design consulianis.

Order Fulfilment

The Order Fulfilment area‘of the store handles all customer
Click & Collect and Home Delivery orders.

What's next for our enhanced store
service model?

We will continue to roll our enhanced store service

model out across our estate, adding digital and service

innovations fo create a seamless customer shopping
experience and improve efficiency.

For more information, please see pape 22

Governance

Strategy
ata glance
continued

Growth levers

Delivering
exceptional
customer
experience
through engaged
colleagues, a
winning culture
and growing
responsibly

Financial statements

STRATEGIC Focus

‘Shareholder information

WHAT WE ACHIEVED

oPPoRTUMITIES

= Promote a safety-frst approach, ensuring our
sites are safe, legal and compliant

= Build on our strong foundations of inclusion and
diversity (1&0) to create a modern, engaged and
inclusive workforce where everyone can feel at
home, provide exceptional levels of customer
service and operate to their maximum potential.

~ Create a modern workplace, with opportunities
for colleagues to work flexibly and enhanced
benefits to support their overall wellbeing

~ Develop a lean, agile and digitally-savvy
workforce.

~ Offer a market leading, benefits and reward
package that supports our colleagues’ financial
and personal wellbeing,

~ Build a strong and diverse pipeline of talent that
focuses on early careers.

~ Upskill and develop colleagues through training
programmes and our Learn and Earn
‘Apprenticeship Programme (LEAP)

= Build our leadership capabilites by focusing on
internal progression and increasing internal talent
through our Leadership, Effectiveness and
Development (LEAD) programme

= Communicate with colleagues so they are
informed, listened to, inspired and engaged
to play their part in delivering our strategy
and purpose.

= Build a comprehensive Responsible Business
Strategy that supports a diverse and inclusive
society, an environment protected forthe next
generation and homes fit fora sustainable future
forall

= Support and strengthen our six colleague-led 18D
networks to promote inclusion and diversity,
Creating an environment where all colleagues
can feel at home.

HIGHLIGHTS:

The rt cohort of ur nse
-Anpreniceship programme
successlly completed thee
apprenticeship and we are recruiting
foiue canons,

~ 2managers went through the LEAD
programme

~ Rated ut Under One Roof leadership
behavour programme 1 665 ears

~ ourtet's Care For Each Otreiniave
canines a supportourinstoe
colleagues, dressing ibe chalenges
they face neustomer facing oes

~ Launened ou ist ver Save AS YOU
Earn (AYE) pln for colleagues.

~ Tocelebeae the demargecevery
colleague was graned sharesin
the Company.

~ Levene an award wining
Darnership with Peppy Health 10
Suppor colleagues andthe fries
wit eath-parentingferthit968
menopauseissues,

~ Establened a Boaretevel Responsible
Bonnets Comite, appointed ou
fretever Head of Sustamabity and
launches our Responsible Busnes
‘Swategy ~ see pages 28-48 fr
‘eter seas,
olindutry leading inate ~
see page 22

= Became a foun