Helping the %
nation feel ok
house proud %

Wickes Group Ple
Annual Report and Accounts 2025

insights % evolve our products end services to meet alll our 1" . 4
customers’ needs 81d «ve continue to invest in our strategic growth \ L
levers to win in the Li's home inyprovament market. ‘ —

Fialping the

Pe Sean eee me Wetesomnne mtporatacennies [CEG

Inside this report

Strategic report

2 Financialhighigh's
3 Operational and strategic highights
4 Kagance

& _Benging our purpose tole

YO Chav ofthe Boards statement

M1 lavestment case

12 Chief Executive Office's statement
16 Marketcenew

18 Busnes mode!

a ee . 19: Stategyatogince
it = 28 Siatepymaston
£285 Ln : - 22 Keypertamance ndcators

24 Financial review
28 Responsbiebusiness

151 Cimate-eloed financial disclosures (TCFD report)
662. Riskmanagement overview

(64. Principal sks and uncertainties

70. Viebty statement

‘72. Non-financial and sustainably information statement

Governance

A. Governance report
89, Nominations Committee report

‘94, Audit and Risk Commsttee report

100 Responsible Business Committee report
102 Remuneration Commitee report

114 Directors

17 Statement of Orectors responsbities

Financial statements

119 Independent Autor’ report io themembers
‘of Wickes Group le

1127 Consolidated income statement and other
comprehensive ncome

128 Consolidated balance sheet

128 Consolidated statement of changesin equity

190 Consolidated cash low statement

131 Notes othe consoBdoted financial statements

1185 Company balances

156 Company statement of changes inequity

Chair of the Business = y, Responsible 1ST Notes tothe Compary franca statements
Board's ‘ model and ‘ . | business ‘ Other information

statement strategy . strategy 160 Shareholder information

161 Gossary

Dy sree Dy seems t02t

Governance Financial statements Other information Wickes Group Ple Annual Report and Accounts 2025 [ < >

Financial highlights
Revenue(En)) ‘Adjusted PBT Em Statutory PBT Em)
£1,636.2m £49.9m £48.7m
2024: £1,544.5m 2024: £43.6m 2024: £23.2m
ST CT 487
(aaa Teas) (aoe 28
rows 1553.8) (Bos 520) a1)
(azz 1,559.0) (oz 75.4) 40.3)
Year end cash Em) ‘Adjusted basic earnings per share (p? Statutory basic earnings per share)
2024: £86.3m 2024: 14.1p 2024: 7.7p
202 ree) Ce) es)
(om 363) (ao Ta) 7 7)
fer OE 151 (ao 7)
(oz 35) [om 238) [oz = 726)
LL sales growth 3)" Div Free cashflow (Em)*
Y 10.9 £62.8m
49% 9p ;
2024: (2.0)% 2024: 10.9p 2024: £32.2m
2 B20 ss)
(oae 709) (hove 322)
223 0.9] (ao 7s) om =) 2 fatertonte one
2022 ( 35) (roa vos) (20m 230) 2 Soros

Financial statements Other information

Operational and strategic highlights

2025 has been another good year forthe Wickes TradePro scheme,
with an 11% risein active members, driving TradePro sales growth,
(0f 9%. Wickes has been a strong supporter of the campaign against
tool theft holding events at stores around the country to raise
awareness of the crime of too! theft and give away free tool marking
kits to TradePro members to help tackle this serious issue

LD) rentnerepape20

| |

Paint to Order

In Novernber, we launched Paint to Order kitchens, expanding upon our
Bespoke kitchen range. As customers increasingly look for flexibility
and customisation when creating theirnew kitchen, the Paint to Order
range offers a choice of ten new colours, designed to reflect the latest
in UK interior design trends. Each kitchen is custor-painted and
expertly fitted by Wickes Approved Installers, ensuring a tailored result

Ly estima onpane20

Award-winning culture

We are very proud to have received a number of external awards
in 2025, recognising and celebrating Wickes forts inclusivity and
diversity and as a great place to work. We featured asthe No.1 UX
retailer in the Financial Times Best Employers in Europe 2025 list
‘and were awarded Business of the Year at the Metro Pride Awards,

Dy esa onpasez2

GHG emissions

|n2025 we achieved an A-n COP Climate Change, recognising our
progress with managing and reducing our greenhouse gas (GHG)
emissions, We also created a method to calculate the avoided GHG
emissions resulting from solar panels installed by Wickes Solar.

Ly estmeronpine so

Rapid Delivery

Wickes Rapid

1.2025 we launched Wickes Rapid, a new delivery service that enables
‘customers to place orders of up o 800kg fr local delivery to their

home or site within three hours. This highly differentiated service, witha
specialist partners available seven days per week on over 10,000 SKUs,

Ly restneopae

New store openings

1.2025 we opened five new stores as part of our store opening
programme, in Leeds Moor Allerton, Bury St Edmunds, Dunfermline,
Southport and Northampton Riverside, We have an exciting
Pipeline of new stores planned forthe coming years, as we target
anoverall estate of around 300 stores over the longer term,

Finanel

PE

Wickes Group Ple Anoual Report and Accounts 2025

cee =|

Ataglance

Our vision: A Wickes
project in every home

Our three distinct customer propositions

tes
hase ea

fe are wusted by local For
eople to provide quality | tobuy anew bathroom. kitchen

products they need at great solar pan

value, saving them time and ervice from concept design to

money. Our TradeProloyalty | installation. Our team of Design.
Consultants and nationwide
network of installers.

hand to support the customer

with ther project.

sstomers who are looking

reoffer a full

with Local Trade o
So years

the past

|
|
a

230 7900

stores across the UK

colleagues’

Our Built to Last strategy

‘As we grow, we are committed to doing so
sustainably, Our Resoonsible Business strategy, Bult
toLast,is focused on thre pillars,

Qo People

Inclusio and diversity * Learning
and devalopment Communities

Environment

Carbon ‘Waste Nature
We provide a highly curated
range of branded and own
brand products in store and
further products online help
customers undertake their

Homes
Products Services Installations

DIY project, Our stove teams

andenine guides are thereto Man

Dy Resdmoreonpagez0 1 Yearendheadeout éctng Wks Sle)

Driven by a winning culture

We are proud of our special culture where everyone is
‘welcorne and given the opportunity to thrive. We are
‘guided by a set of values we call our Winning Values.

lEmpowering}
youl

| Dy motor omnes

‘Governance Financial statements Otherinformation |

on

Wickes Group Ple Annual Report and Accounts 2025

Ata glance continued

Our purpose: Helping the
nation feel house proud

Abalanced business \
‘supporting three customer
propositions

Three long-term market
drivers support our growth
ambitions

Local
Trade

Ageing
housing stock

Be
%

The drive to
save energy

Eo ms a

Design &
Installation

DIY

! 2 |

— [— |

‘Supported by our efficient
operating model

Perfectly placed to deliver
exceptional customer
experience and fulfil our
purpose of helping the
nation feel house proud

Curated product ranges

Simple, clear value pricing

Digitally-led, service-enabled

inctive operating model

Low cost, right size store estate

‘Awinning culture

Dy teatime onpape 18

Bringinglouypurposeltollife)

Our unigua
sanvice moa]

Our maedhum tem amniaittion is to generate
E0Om average sales per store trough our
4C store mode)

nm CMRI Chaim

[<ole

Bringingloupurposertollifelcontinued]

90% 21
apatis fe

PADesignie\installstion

2700

[installer teams)

| 85% 89%
Pescelisntsor{9004
otap

® Commo Come CED <>|\6
Giiging cur papas t Mite continued

sens ua eer
preposition ih Design & installation

linnovationtandichoice}

: Gm RI Ghoti _ _ CED compere [<>

Giga ow pupase & Mia continuad

Dalivarthg valua, "Gand eommasoaepse) eat eyESHSN
conwantanaa Speed amabenniiss

Financial statements Other information

‘Wickes Group le Annual Report and Accounts 2025

ray =|

Chair of the Board's statement

44
Our balanced business
model and strategic
growth levers provide a
strong foundation upon
which to deliver future
outperformance,

Building on
our success

Christopher Rogers, Chair of the Board

On behalf of the Board, idlike to take t
‘opportunity to thank our amazing colleagues who
work tirelessly to help the nation feel house proud.

Performance
2025 has been a good year for Wickes. Despite the
‘economic challenges, profits have increased by 14%
cdriven by volume-led sales growth as we attract mare
‘customers to shop with us. This has enabled us to
outperform the market and grow our market share
year-on-year to record levels. Since our demerger in
2021, we have focused on laying solid foundations for
the business, investing in our strategic growth levers,
ensuring this investment is underpinned by strong
‘operational execution and nurturing our special,
Wickes cutture

‘Across all areas of our balanced business model
~ Local Trade, Design & Installation and DIY ~ we
hhave been encouraged by the positive customer
response, 2s we continue to enhance and innovate
‘our proposition. Customer satisfaction metrics
remain strong and we continue to see high eves of
trade customers joining our TradePro membership
‘scheme, In October, we were delighted o welcome
investors and analysts to our Design & Installation
Investor Insights Event held at our Staines store. They
were able to see firsthand how we have transformed
the D8! customer journey read more on page 8)

Investing to win
The investments we have made in our technology
platforms and systems have enabled us to evolve and
enhance how our customers shop with us. Looking
‘ahead to the medium term, our systems investment
programme wil continue to drive better customer
interactions and deliver operational efficiencies.

‘Alongside our technology investment, we continue
toinvestin new stores and we opened five in the
year, creating new jobs and career paths in local
‘communities. We are excited by the opportunity
toopen more stores around the country and have
identified plenty of white space, where we believe a
Wickes store would work well

‘This investmentis consistent with ourlong-term
capita allocation framework (as outined on page
27), with a commitment to invest in high returning
‘strategic growth levers and returning excess cash to
shareholders,

Dividend
‘The Boardis pleased to recommend a final dividend
(f73 pence per share, taking the full year dividend to
109 pence per share,

‘Stakeholders
'As a Board, we are alvays delighted tohave the
‘opportunity to engage with stakeholders, especially
‘our colleagues and supply partners who are key
enablers forthe business to grow and develop. This
year we have been welcomed by colleagues at our
‘new Leamington Spa store, where we were able
view the latest kitchen and bathroom ranges. We
‘also had an enjoyable and productive visit to one of
‘our key strategic suppliers where we were briefed on
‘product innovations and trends,

Growing responsibly

We continue to work hard and focus on our
sustainability agenda, particularly in those areas.
where we can grow the business and provide good
returns. | was especially pleased thatthe focus we
place on creating a great place to work and a culture
here everyone has the freedom to be their authentic
selves was recognised by the Financial Times
Europe's Best Employers 2025 survey, where we
ranked as the Nol retailer in the UK.

Building on strong foundations
\Whilst the economic backdrop remains challenging,
‘our balanced business model and strategic growth
levers provide a strong foundation upon which to
deliver future outperformance. | continue to be
excited by the growth prospects fr this fantastic
business and passionate about ensuring that as we
‘grow, we do so responsibly andin away that benefits
ur stakeholders.

Christopher Rogers
Chair of the Board