WEDNESDAY

|

sw

3SNOH S3INVdNOO
e0z/vOlve
Oonrdtavs

(oe

Wickes Group Pic

INVESTING TO WIN

Annual Report and Accounts 2023

INVESTING TO WIN

For over 50 years, Wickes has
been proud to have played

@ part in the history of home
improvement in the UK.

Our uniquely balanced business,
across the three different customer
propositions of Local Trade, Design
& Installation and Do-it-yourself (DIY),
means we are perfectly placed to
help all customers, whatever their
home improvement project might be.
As a digitally-led, service-enabled
retailer, we offer customers choice,
convenience, value and best-in-class
service, and we fulfil all of this
through a low-cost, efficient and
integrated operating model.

We continue to invest in our strategic
growth levers to ensure we win

in the UK’s home improvement
market and to achieve our purpose,
to help the nation feel house proud.

What's inside this report Contents

STRATEGIC REPORT
‘a gionce

Finan! anastrategihghignis

Chat statement

(CEO statement

Cpa tocatonpotey

Susmess made!

Swategyinacton

ey performance nseaiors

Responsible business

(Chat reated nancial closures (TCFO)

Nonnaneil and sstainabilly iformsiin sltement

‘Secon 172staerent

ak management ove

Paneipal ses ona uncerainies

‘iat statement

P34 govemance

P21

STRATEGY IN ACTION

‘AWickes project in every home

Covance ion
P6 RESPONSIBLE BUSINESS $3. homnotons Commitee eer
CHAIR'S STATEMENT

‘Making progress across 100 Act and Risk Commitee report

commited a eur But ot 3 Storey 17 eerie cere

owing responsi 120 Dvestors eaoe
growing responsioly 131 Statement of Directors’ Responsibilities

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
122 caper Au sep totermembes of Wek Gop Pe
1io Concigend scone steer sate compton ee
{ez Consoiotedstnerent a changes incasty
143 Consoated can flow seme
14a Notestothe constant inaneal statements
170 Company bane sheet

P8 171 Company statement of changes in equity
172 Kevesathe Company inne siemens

CeO'S REVIEW OTHER INFORMATION:

Helping the nation 15 shore orion
feel house proud 178 Gossary

P12
OUR INVESTMENT CASE

Sustainable competitive
advantage driving
investment returns.

Wickes Group Pe Aan

Report and Accounts2023 | 4

Overview ‘

At a glance

A UNIQUELY BALANCED BUSINESS SUPPORTING 3 CUSTOMER PROPOSITIONS

OUR VISION
A Wickes project in every home

OUR MISSION
To be the partner of choice for
Home Improvers and Local Trade

OUR PURPOSE
To help the nation feel house proud

OUR VALUES
We are proud of our special culture
where everyone is welcome and
given the opportunity to thrive.

We are guided by a set of values
we call our Winning Behaviours

Wickes Group tc Afra Report and Accounts 2023

LOCAL TRADE

We are trusted by local tradespeople to provide the
Quality products they need at great value, saving
them time and money

Our digital TradePro membership scheme offers
a standard 10% discount across the store and our
Wickes own brand has built a strong reputation
ith Local Trade over the past 50 years.

DESIGN & INSTALLATION

For customers who are looking to buy anew
bathroom, kitchen or home office, we offer a
full service from concept design to installa

‘Our team of design consultants and nationwide
network of Wickes-approved installers are on hand
to support the customer with their project.

DIY

/e provide a highly curated range of branded and
‘own brand product nd further products
‘online, to help customers undertake their DIY
project. We pride ourselves on great value, simple,
clear pricing and good stock availabilty.

Our store teams and online guides are th

to provide customers with expert advice and
knowledge to support the

881,000

‘TradePro members

>3,000

installer teams

¢.60%

of sales are Wickes
own brand

As aleading UK home improvement retailer and
employer, we have stores across England, Scotland and
Wales and are proud to support our local communities

43,000m>

of timber sourced
from Scotland

TOTAL

229

SCOTLAND

stores

EL AT HOME’

— ca

STORE
ore |i
YEAR } DUMFRIES

or

IMaNcHesTER

7900 | Iiiibiibai

colleagues

1,468 Wickes
sicesten
Whit
‘i cHeenisfous
Torauar BRIGHTON Supporting
° ° PRIDE
New STORE

@ new stone

‘As we grow, we are committed to doing so sustainably.
Our Built to Last Responsible Business programme
focuses on People, Environment and Homes
Dee page 34

PEOPLE

HOMES ENVIRONMENT

DIGITALLY-LED,
SERVICE-ENABLED

2/3rds

of sales are digitally enabled

16%

digital visits market
share*

+ Source Sentrwe.

Wickes Group Ple Annual Report and Accounts 2023

2

Financial and strategic highlights

Financial highlights

Adjusted revenue (£m)' ‘Adjusted PBT (Em)?
2022: £1,559.0m 2022: £75.4m

£1,553.8m £52.0m

Statutory PBT (Em)
2022: £40,3m

£41.1m

Cash (Em) ‘Adjusted basic earnings per share (p)?
2022: £99.5m 2022:23.89

£97.5m 15.1p

Statutory basic earnings per share (p)
2022: 126p

11.8p

LEL sales growth (%)" Dividend per share (p)
2022: 3.5% 2022: 10.99

(0.3)% 10.9p

1 Refer anole San page 180; 2Reler onal Gon page 152: 3Reer io note 1 onpage 154; A Relerionole320n page 168

4 | Wickes Group Pe Annus! Report and Accounts 2023

Strategie highlights

New store openings

Enhancing our digital
TradePro scheme

most
ivable

Wickes lifestyle
Kitchens

Responsible Business summary

Built to Last Strategy: progress update = #2:s=ssrc...

sev wickeple co sblcompanyresponiblebusinestpotes-andrepertng!
Alignment with UN Sustainable
Focus area Our targets Progress in 2023 Further information Development Goals (SDG) and Targets

Inclusion by the end of 2028, progress gender dversy 7, 33.98% females instore leadership(@ (3.72% 'SDG 10 Reduced Inequalities
and diversity —inleadership oles increase compared with 2022: 20.26%) Target 102

1,33.75% females in store leadership, and 2 43.54% females in Support Centre leadership @) (slight
2, 45% females in Support Centre leadership ecrease in performance compared with 2022: 44.31%)
Learning and offer and support 200 Early Career places. 280 Early Career places were provided in 2023; 248 SDG 4 Quality Education
development each year from 2022 to 2024 of these were via an apprenticeship programme Target 44
Charity and Raise £2 million for our charity partner. The Brain nthe frst 9 months ofthe partnership, we raised £718,060 @)Seepage aa 'SDG 3 Good Health & Wellbeing
community Tumour Charity, between April 2023 and April 2025 and made an additional corporate donation of £10,000 Target 34
‘Support 1,500 projects across our local, ‘We supported 1,468 projects across our local QD see page 42 'SDG 9 Industry, Innovation
communities in 2023, ‘communities, reaching an estimated 500,000 people infrastructure
Target 91
4 Climate Reduce absolute Scope 1 and 2 greenhouse gas ‘36.9% reduction in Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions Ose page 44-45 ‘SDG 7 Affordable & Clean Energy
Fe change (GHG) emissions 42% by 2030 from 2 2021 base year compared with 2021 baseline Target 73
Fs
g 45% of our suppliers by emissions covering 23 of our supplies have set SBTivalideted science-based See page 44-45 SDG 7 Affordable & Clean Energy
g purchased goods and services willhave targets, which equates to 23.8% of our Scope 3 GHG emissions Target 73
3 science-based targets by 2027
= Reduce absolule Scope 3 GHG emissions 114% reduction in absolute Scope 3 GHG emissions from ‘Dsee page 44-45 'S0G 12 Responsible
from the use of sold products 42% by 2030 the use of sold products compared with 2021 baseline Consumption & Production
from a 2021 base year Target 12.2
Fag Products ‘50% (by revenue) of our own brand products: ‘We are working to define products that support sustainability 2) See page 0-81 ‘SDG 13 Climate Action
= classified as supporting sustainability in accordance with the Green Claims Code, establish a baseline Target 13.1
$ and set date when we plano achieve ths age
g Safety ‘Our aim is: Everyone home safe and well, 1.8% reduction in Lost Time Accident Frequency rate Ose page 52-53 'SDG 8 Decent Work
3 every single day ‘and 11% reduetion in actual customer accidents & Economie Growth
s Target 88
B@ Packaging Eliminate all unnecessary customer (primary). ‘All unnecessary packaging has been removed see page ss 'SDG 12 Responsible
z secondary and tertiary packaging across our from Wickes own brand products in 2023 Consumption & Production
3 conn brand products by 2023 Target 125,
« 100% (by weight) of customer packaging on 99.5% of packaging (by weight) on Wickes own brand Qseepagess ‘SDG 12 Responsible
our own brand products will be easy to recycle products was classified as easy to recycle or reuse ‘Consumption & Production
orreuse by 2025 Target 125
| 50% (by weight) of customer plastic and “3.6% of our packaging (by weight) usedon Wickes own Seepage ss SOG 12 Responsible
| __ papers eer ovn band prods brand products was sourced from recycled materials ‘Consumption & Production
will come from recycled materials by 2025 (plastic packaging 42.7%, paper packaging 44.8%) Target 125

| mtatmahetmttearndtecmsaets | s

Chair of the Board’s statement

INVESTING IN

growing responsibly

6 |) Wickes Group Pte Annus! Report and Accounts 2023

Christopher Rogers

chi

of the Board

{am incredibly proud to be part of this great
business, which continues to navigate successfully
these challenging economic times, by putting its
‘customers and colleagues at the heart of everything.
(On behalf of the Board and myself, d like to take
this opportunity to thank our colleagues who do
such a tremendous job every day, taking care

of our customers and each other.

Performance
In 2023, sales were broadly lat with 2 0.3% decline
10 £1,553. 8m, and adjusted profit forthe year was
down at £52.0m. In addition to the impact of the
‘accounting treatment of our investment in, this
‘eduction in profit reflected a more difficult UK
home improvement market as the cost of living
crisis dampened demand, coupled with the steep

This year the Local Trade part of our business
has been particularly sirong, compensating for
a softer market for DIY and Design & Installation.

Investing to win
The Wickes business has a clear strategy,

which is focused on our key growth levers,
(outlined in pages 21-27). The management

team has executed strongly on these growth
levers in 2023 and continued to invest in ther,
within the envelope of a disciplined capital
structure. In July, we outlined a new capital
allocation policy (see more information on page
13) that reflects the strength of the balance sheet,
our confidence in our future growth strategy and
ur focus on delivering strong Shareholder returns

“The management team has executed strongly on these
growth levers in 2023 and continued to invest in them,
within the envelope of a disciplined capital structure.”

‘ise in energy and other costs. Despite the worsening
‘economic backdrop, we have continued to invest in
‘our growth levers as we wish to keep on strengthening
the business and positioning Wickes as 2 leader

in the market.

The cost of living crisis continues to cast @ shadow
‘over people's lives and is causing people to think
‘more carefully about how they spend their money.
Yet the desire and need to improve and repair our
homes remains constant and at Wickes we ere
‘well placed to help the nation with their home
improvement projects, whether they are using

2 local tradesperson, our kitchen and bathroom
Design & Installation service or doing it themselves,

Enhancing our digital capability is one of these
Strategic growth levers and this year the separation
of our IT systems from Travis Perkins Pic has been.
successfully delivered substantially on time and on
budget. With this transition now complete, we are
developing an in-house technology leadership
team, which is focused on implementing and
delivering 2 ‘cloud-first’ strategy, providing us

with the capability to rapidly utilise emerging
technologies. Whilst recognising that this will take
‘several years to develop, 'm excited about the
‘opportunities that this will unlock for the business,

Our culture

At Wickes, we have a very special culture,
where everyone is welcome and where people
are given the opportunity, encouragement ang
support to flourish, Ths is shown in our colleague
engagement scores, with high levels of ‘overall
engagement’ at 79% and low colleague turnover
rates compared to the retail sector. You can read
more about how we embed and monitor our
culture on pages 36-43,

As the cost of living crisis continues to impact
colleagues as well as customers, we have
introduced a number of measures to provide
increased financial and wellbeing support. In
January 2023, we upweighted our annual salary
increase and brought this forward from April
We have also introduced a ‘Salary Advance’
policy to give colleagues more flexibility as to
when they can access their pay. Following a
successful plot, we extended and improved
our free breakfast offer, replacing it with a
‘Brunch Box’ that all store colleagues can take
advantage of. We are also mindful to continue
to enhance our comprehensive wider wellbeing
‘support, and in the year we introduced Digicare,
a suite of wellbeing services for all colleagues
which includes digital GP, home health test kts,
‘and mental health suppor, all free of charge.

“At Wickes, we have a very special culture, where
everyone is welcome and where people are given the
opportunity, encouragement and support to flourish.”

Dividend
\When we announced the new capita allocation
framework in July, we stated our intention to maintain
the dividend in absolute terms for this year, given our
strong balance sheet and confidence in the business.
‘The Board is therefore pleased to recommend a final
dividend of 73 pence per share, taking the full year
ordinary dividend to 10.9 pence per share.

Board
‘1am pleased to report that Laura Harricks joined the
Board as a Non-executive Director in June 2023,
With a background in e-commerce, marketing and
strategy consulting, as well as deep experience of
developing omnichannel customer journeys, she

is proving a great asset to the Board. Diversity of
Board experience was at the front of our minds
when we recruited Laura, and we remain on 2
journey to increase diversity in the broadest sense,
‘on the Board and across the business, You can read
about the progress we are making on pages 37
and 97-99,

| believe itis vital that, as @ Board, we dedicate
time to get out and about to see and experience
the great work that is happening right across the
business. This year, we've had highly valuable
‘and enjoyable visits to the Customer Experience
Centre, our digital design hub for Wickes Lifestyle
Kitchens based out of the Bicester store, as well
28 a visit to our brand new store which opened

in Chelmsford in July.

Looking ahead
Economic headwinds have made 2023 a
challenging year and we expect the external
environment to continue to be difficult in 2024.
However, our relentless focus on controlling
costs at the same time as investing significantly
inour growth levers has resulted in market
‘outperformance, as we help customers with
their home improvement projects.

We have exciting growth plans, underpinned by
‘our commitment to grow responsibly.|am pleased
that we have continued to enhance our external
environmental, social and governance (ESG)
disclosures demonstrating our commitment.
You can learn more about our ESG matters in
the Responsible Business section of this report

|.along with the Board and all my Wickes colleagues,
are looking forward to another year of delivering
‘our growth plans and helping the nation feel
house proud,

Christopher Rogers
Chair of the Board
18 March 2024

‘Wickes Group Pte AnnualReport and Accounts 2023

Chief Executive Officer’s review

|

INVESTING IN rhe has ben acter ero song pg
hel ping the nation czttconottan deers teed
ee oO use Pp ro Ui this performance. | would like to thank each of

We delvered a robust sales performance in 2023,
benefiting from a great value and service-led
proposition and underpinned by our balanced
‘business model. We continued to achieve market
share gains' in our Retail business, driven by

Market
The UK home improvement sector represents

a large and attractive market of c.£27bn? and

‘we have a relatively small market share of c.6%
presenting us with a significant opportunity for
long term growth, The market has grown at ¢.2.5%
‘on average over the past ten years, driven by the
high average age of the UK's housing stock, the
rising number of UK households and increasing
home ownership. People are also spending more
time in their homes as a result of the rise of hybrid
working, while there is an increasing trend of
consumers investing in their homes for improved
energy efficiency.

The cost of living crisis has led to pressure on
consumer spending in the UK, due to rising

“We delivered a robust sales performance in 2023,
benefiting from a great value and service-led proposition

David Wood and underpinned by our balanced business mode!

Chief Executive 0

impressive growth in membership of the
TradePro scheme and volume growth in a
number of strategically important categories.

Our Design & installation delivered sales were
slightly down for the full year with sales declines
inthe second half reflecting the more challenging
‘market environment for big ticket projects and
the normalisation of our post-Covid order book.

As expected, overall profitability declined versus
2022, reflecting a market with softer demand and
high cost inflation. Nonetheless our productivity
programme enabled us to offset all cost increases
other than energy and as a result we were able 10
deliver adjusted PBT ahead of expectations.

2) Source GIK Mine and wtesesimates

8 | Wicker Group Pe Annus Report and Accounts 7023

mortgage rates and rental costs, as well as
continued inflation across energy, food and

fuel, Whilst on average the Wickes customer

bbase tends to be slightly older and more affluent
than the UK average, these cost of living pressures
have nonetheless had an impact on our business
High levels of interest rates have suppressed UK
housing transactions, which are often a trigger

to undertake major home improvement projects,
although thisis typically partially offset by
‘renovations to properties in which consumers
decide to stay for longer. Our exposure to new
build housing is very limited

1) Source GIK 8 pon ose data, sourced om Gik XY Category Reporting December 2022,

‘The high cost of energy has motivated consumers
to seek out ways tc improve the energy efficiency
of their homes, The average household energy
efficiency rating fo" England and Wales is band O?
{and the UK's 28.6m hommes are among the least

‘energy efficient in =urope, losing heal up to three
times faster than in continental Europe’. At Wickes.
‘we recognise how important climate change is and
\we are committed to helping our customers to
improve the sustainability of their homes, to save
‘money on their energy bills and to reduce their
carbon footprint.

The February 2024 report from our proprietary
Mood of the Nation survey shows that UK
consumers are increasingly planning to put more
‘money into savings or to undertake smaller home
improvement projects over the next year, rather
than undertaking large projects like a new kitchen
(or bathroom. The-survey also shows that local
trade professionals remain very busy, with more
than 50% of tradespeople having a pipeline of work
over three months and 1 in 4 having a pipeline

of work of more than 12 months.

Strategic progress
We have continued to build on the strong
operational progress made since demerger,

in developing and extending our growth levers.
‘These contribute to an improvement in our
products and services, saving our customers
time and money. Continued investment in these
‘growth levers wit drive further market share
growth in the co-ning years.

In 2023, we have taken a number of actions to
respond to more challenging market conditions
‘such as investing in new ranges for customers
ooking to undertake small home refreshes,
including our paint range, curtain poles and
shelving, We have also seen a step change in

3) ONS Energy efceney of housing in England and Wales 2023.

sales of our relaunched Wickes Lifestyle Kitchens
range’, which appeals particularly to customers
with a lower budget. This range now includes

a free design service which has proven popular
with both landlords and homeowners,

We have continued to invest in our low-cost,
right-sized stores, We refitted another 11 stores
in 2023, showcasing our full offer of kitchens and
bathrooms, and taking the proportion of stores in
the new format to 77%. We continue to see strong
returns and sales uplifts in our refitted stores.

‘The refit programme also enables us to upgrade
the efficiency of multi-channel order pick and
despatch, which drives sales densities and
underpins our 30-minute Click & Collect promise.
Al these initiatives are reflected in our customer
salisfaction metrics, which have risen in all areas
Of the business: Self Serve in store, Click & Collect,
Home Delivery and Design & Installation

We opened three new stores in 2023, in
Chelmsford, Widnes and Torquay. We are pleased
with the initial performance of the new store
‘opening programme, relative to our expectations
‘and returns criteria,

LL sales across the Group were -0.3% compared
to 2022. Within this, Retail saw three consecutive
quarters of positive LFL sales growth, driven by @
Positive volume performance from Q2 onwards.
Design & Installation experienced a positive first
half but a weaker second hall, as a result of a
softer market environment for large consumer
purchases and the normalisation of our
ost-Covid order book

Selling price inflation slowed throughout the year,
driven by lower commodity costs such as timber.
Price inflation was slightly negative by year end

‘and we expect inflation to be broadly flat in 2024

We continue to work closely with our suppliers to
‘maintain price leadership and our gross margins
improved slightly year-on-year.

We faced significant cost headwinds this year
with materially higher energy costs, an increase

in the National Minimum Wage of 9.8% and
‘general inflationary pressures across the business
However the successful implementation of our
productivity plan helped to offset these headwinds,
with the exception of energy. Further investment

in energy saving initiatives, such as LED lighting
and centralised heating controls, has helped
reduce the impact of rising energy costs

Winning for Trade
Our TradePro membership scheme showed
increasing momentum in 2023 with 135,000 new
customers enrolling, taking our total membership
{0 881,000, Local traders continue to switch to
Wickes for its strong value credentials and simple
discount scheme, as well as the convenience of our
30-minute Click-and-Collect service. The scheme
saves both time and money for local traders, who
benefit from our standard 10% discount across the
store, regardless of spend level.

+) DecarboningBulcnge Insights ram Across Europe published by the Gratham insiue~ Climate Change andthe Evironment at inp Calleye London Decembe 2022.
5) Sales of WeksLlesive Kitchens which neue 2 dsign rel ae clases a Design & nsaation revenues. whereas Sel Seve purchases ol he Wickes LlestyeKichen

‘ange are classiies as Feat revenues

(ur TradePro app has been further improved with
new account features including digital receipts,

a filter to show pricing excluding VAT, and.

project planning functionality. We run regular
‘communications programmes using our Missions
Motivation Engine (MME) which uses machine
learning to further personalise the customer
experience, driving engagement and incremental
ssales, We have launched a new loyalty scheme,
‘TradePro Rewards, which aims to build deeper
relationships with our most strategically valuable
customers (worth ten times the value of an
equivalent DIY customer) and to increase the
frequency with which they shop and the amount
they spend.

Sales from TradePro members in the year increased
by 11% compared to 2022. A 19% growth in the
number of active customers was partially offset

by a slight decline in average basket size as,
tradespeople have been managing their material
uantities more carefully.

Wickes Group Ple Anoval Report

Accounts 2023 | 9

|

Chief Executive Officer’s review continued

Accelerating Design & Installation
Design & Installation delivered sales decreased

by 1.7% over the year. The first half saw strong
sales growth as we successfully worked through
the elevated order book from the Covid period
However in the second half we experienced a more
challenging market environment for larger ticket
purchases, as well as delays in Order Fulfilment

a8 a result of a new software implementation,
which has since been resolved

We have seen increased attachment rates of
‘customers choosing to use Wickes to fit their
kitchen and bathroom products, which leads 10
incremental spend on tiling, flooring and joinery,
increasing the overall project value. Targeted
recruitment of installer teams remains strong
and we now have more than 3,000 installer
teams offering nationwide coverage.

‘We continue to digitise our installation service,
with installers now using our field service
‘management sofiware (FSM). This software
systemises each of our steps along the installation
process, reducing manual activity and potential
human error. Alongside many other benefits, this
has increased the speed of the customer journey,

Our new Customer Experience Centre is now live
{or al new installation customers, giving every
project a named individual who will coordinate and
‘manage communication between the customers,
installers and product delivery teams. This has
reduced the number of incoming queries as well
2s the average time to installation and this highly
positive outcome for new customers has been
reflected in a Net Promoter Score of 92%,

Wickes Lifestyle Kitchens has performed well
since its relaunch with sales in the second half
+24%. The range is designed to better serve the
high-volume market for lower price point kitchens

‘and offers significant opportunities for further
growth. Customers are now able to use our free
design service for a Wickes Lifestyle Kitchen and
this has proven popular with both homeowners.
and landlords.

Whilst leads in our showrooms have slowed
significantly during 2023, as a result of the more
Challenging market conditions, our conversion
rates continue to strengthen, underpinned by
ur unique customer proposition.

DIY Category Wins
We continue to strive for the best possible range,
price and avaiibilty for our customers. Our
right-sized stores sella carefully curated range

of ¢ 9,000 SKUs and we are constantly reviewing
the range to ensure that each product category

is meeting expectations. This year we have
conducted 17 range reviews across categories
including decorating, flooring, electrical, hardware
and roofing, We have also added innovation for
smaller projects on lower budgets, such as paint
ranges, curtain poles and shelving. Customers
remain interested in making their homes more
energy efficient and we have responded wit

‘new products in the lighting category in particular.
Categories which nave seen strong volume
‘growth this year include shelving & storage,
‘power tools and paint

We have successfully broadened our brand
proposition, from our heritage in trade and
hheavy-end DIY to now address a younger and
‘more female customer base. The proportion
‘of Wickes’ DIY customers who are female has
increased from just 16% in 2019 to 27% in 2023
following our proactive marketing to women,
including developing rich online and social media
content to help develop DIY skils and bring DIY
to life in a relevant way.

We are investing further in our digital capabilities
{0 deliver an integrated multi-channel shopping
experience for our customers.

We use our predictive MME to deliver tailored
Content to customers to help them complete their
home improvement missions and ths is driving
significant revenues. We have a comprehensive
suite of MME-led programmes of marketing emails
and app notifications, all of which are optimised
for timing, audience and content for our different
customer profiles, with incrementality measured
against control groups.

‘Store investment
Investment in our store network continues, to
‘modernise the stores, increase our showroom
space and create additional fulfilment space for
Click & Collect and Home Delivery. 11 store refits
were successfully completed during 2023.

‘Our refit programme continues to deliver ¢.25%
ROCE with strong sales uplifts, in particular in
Design & Installation, The programme continues,
with 77% of the network now in our new format.

Our new store opening programme is gathering
momentum, with three new stores opened during
2023 in Chelmsford, Widnes and Torquay. We have

“We have an exciting pipeline of new stores planned
for the coming years, as we target an overall estate
of 250 stores over the medium term.”

We have also used technology to improve our
fulfilment capability and modemise our order
management solutions. This has enabled the
roll-out of our very popular 30-minute Click &
Collect service, which has resulted in a 6.7%
‘growth in Click & Collect sales this year and
record customer satisfaction levels.

In 2023, we increased our range of digital payment
‘options by implementing both Apple Pay and
Google Pay for ontine transactions (already in

Use in stores). This has increased our conversion.
rates by speeding up the check-out process for
customers. We have also accessed the growing
Buy Now Pay Later (BNPL) market by adding
Klarna to our online payment options, which has
brought incremental revenue opportunities and
access to a younger customer demographic.

5) Sales of Wes LesiveKichens which ede a design element ae cassie s Design stanton evens, whereas Sl Serve puchases of he Wickes LilesileKichen ange are cssifie Rea revenues,

6) Wetes popneton eusiomer data 2023

10 | Wickes Group te Annual Report and Accounts 2023

‘an exciting pipeline of new stores planned for
the coming years, as we target an overall estate
(of 250 stores over the medium term,

uring 2023, we closed four stores (Wigan,
Loughborough, Paignton K&B and Darlington)
which were noi meeting our returns criteria
We therefore ended the year with 229 stores.

Enhanced store service model
‘Our 4C model aims to meet our customers’ needs
through all four of our store network journeys: Self
‘Serve, Assisted Selling, Order Fulfilment and the
Design & Installation showrooms. Our approach
offers a seamiess shopping experience for customers
and ensures that our store estate works hard for
Us, We have made changes to the store estate to
increase back of house capacity for Click & Collect.
‘and Home Delivery Order Fulfilment, while reducing