Registered no: 12189061

Wickes Group Limited

Annual report and financial statements
for the period from 29 December 2019 to 26
December 2020

TOM

SPE 12/03/2021 #16
COMPANIES HOUSE

FRIDAY

Annual report and financial statements
for the period from 29 December 2019 to 26 December 2020

Strategic rePort......ccssessecsesseeseesesesseesessrsrsscessesscsecseseeseusanesseseesesussaseersessesnsetesesatenseseseees 2

Directors’ report...

Directors’ responsibilities statement.
Independent auditor’s report to the members of Wickes Group Limited ...............600 7

Profit and loss account and total comprehensive inCOMe ........:-.ssesessessessseteeseeseeensees 11

Balance sheet

Statement of changes in CQUILY .......s.sssseesseseessesesseesesseesesseeesesesrcsseseeseessssensssateateaceseseree 13

Notes to the financial statements ....

Statement of the independent auditor to Wickes Group Limited for the purpose of
section 92(1) (b) and (c) of the Companies Act 2006.......s:scssessssssssesseeseesssneeneentenseetsee 21

Wickes Group Limited

Strategic report

Principal activities and future developments

The Company’s principal activity is that of a holding company. The Company was
incorporated on 4 September 2019 to acquire subsidiaries relating to the Wickes home
improvements business (“Wickes”) from Travis Perkins plc and subsequently to be
the listed vehicle for Wickes after the expected demerger of Wickes from Travis
Perkins ple.

Travis Perkins plc announced in March 2021 that the demerger process, which was
put on hold in 2020 as a result of the Covid-19 pandemic, had re-commenced.
Accordingly it is expected that the Company will be re-registered as a public company
in 2021.

The Company has net assets of £769.0m (2019: £1), representing its investment in
Wickes, and recorded a loss in 2020 of £118.5m (2019: £nil) as the result of an
impairment charge.

Principal risks and uncertainties

The Company follows the Group’s financial risk management policies, details of
which are given in the Group’s accounts.

The Group has a risk reporting framework that ensures it has visibility of the
Company’s key risks, the potential impacts on the Company and how and to what
extent those risks are mitigated. As part of its risk management process, the principal
risks stated in the risk register are reviewed, challenged and updated by the Group
Board and monitored throughout the year. The Company monitors a separate risk
register. The Group’s risk register is used to determine strategies adopted by the
Group’s various businesses to mitigate the identified risks and are embedded in their
operating plans.

The risk environment in which the Company operates does not remain static. The
nature of risk is that its scope and potential impact will change over time. As such the
risks should not be regarded as a comprehensive statement of all potential risks and
uncertainties that may manifest themselves in the future. Additional risks and
uncertainties that are not presently known to the Directors, or which they currently
deem immaterial, could also have an adverse effect on the Company’s future
operating results, financial condition or prospects.

Section 172 statement

The Directors place significant importance on the strength of the Company’s
relationships with all its stakeholders to promote the sustainable success of the
Company. In order to fulfil their duties, the Directors take care to have regard to the
likely consequences on ail stakeholders of the decisions and actions which they take.
Such considerations ensure the business is making decisions with a long-term view and
with the sustainable success of the business is at its core.

Wickes Group Limited

Strategic report (continued)

Where possible, decisions are carefully discussed with affected groups and are therefore
fully understood and supported when taken. The Company has an open dialogue with
its shareholder through regular one-to-one meetings and reporting to the Group Board.
Discussions cover a wide range of topics including financial performance, strategy,
outlook, governance and ethical practices.

Decisions and policies affecting employees, the environment and suppliers are often
made or set at the Travis Perkins ple level. The Directors of the Company ensure when
applying those policies that they are fulfilling their statutory duties. Further information
on how these decisions are made and the ways in which the Group engages with
stakeholders is set out in the Group’s Annual Report, which does not form part of this
report.

Environment

The Travis Perkins group recognises the importance of its environmental
responsibilities, monitors its impact on the environment, and designs and implements
policies to reduce any damage that might be caused by the Group’s activities.

The Company operates in accordance with group policies, which are described in the
Group’s Annual Report, which does not form part of this report. Initiatives designed
to minimise the Company’s impact on the environment include improving energy use
efficiency, reducing the amount of CO2 emissions and minimising the consumption of
water and the production of waste (both hazardous and non-hazardous).

By order of the Board

ALR. Williams
Director

11 March 2021

Wickes Group Limited

Directors’ report
for the period from 29 December 2019 to 26 December 2020

The Directors present their report and the audited financial statements for the period
from 29 December 2019 to 26 December 2020.

Directors

The Directors of the Company who served during the period and subsequently are
listed below:

A. R. Williams
TP Directors Ltd
The Company made qualifying third party indemnity provisions for the benefits of its

Directors during the period, which remain in force at the date of this report. This is a
qualifying provision for the purposes of the Companies Act 2006.

Going concern

The Directors have a reasonable expectation that the Company, which has no
liabilities has the resources to continue in operational existence for the twelve months
from the date of signing these financial statements. Thus it continues to adopt the
going concern assumption in preparing the annual financial statements. Further details
regarding the going concern basis can be found in note 1 to the financial statements.

Dividends
The Directors do not recommend the payment of a dividend (2019: £nil).

Political contributions

The Company made no political donations nor incurred any political expenditure
during the period (2019: £nil).

Modern slavery

The Travis Perkins pic Group, that the Company is part of, will not accept slavery or
human trafficking and works with suppliers and colleagues to ensure positive steps
are taken to ensure that slavery has no place in the business or supply chain. If issues
are identified, investigations and remedial actions will be taken. No instances of
slavery or human trafficking have been identified.

The Group’s approach to this issue is set out in greater detail in the Travis Perkins ple
Annual Report.
Disclosure of information to the auditors

Each of the persons who is a Director at the date of approval of this report confirms
that:

Wickes Group Limited

Directors’ report (continued)

e so far as the Director is aware, there is no relevant audit information of which
the Company’s auditor is unaware; and

* the Director has taken all steps that he/she ought to have taken as a Director in
order to make himself/herself aware of any relevant audit information and to
establish that the Company’s auditor is aware of that information.

This confirmation is given and should be interpreted in accordance with the provisions
of section 418 of the Companies Act 2006.

Reappointment of auditors

The auditor, KPMG LLP, have indicated their willingness to continue in office and a
resolution concerning their reappointment was proposed at the Annual General Meeting.

Approved and signed on behalf of the Board
Bee (ORLA

A. R. Williams

Director

11 March 2021

Vision House

19 Colonial Way
Watford

WD24 4JL

Wickes Group Limited
Directors’ responsibilities statement

The Directors are responsible for preparing the Strategic Report, the Directors’ Report
and the financial statements in accordance with applicable law and regulations.

Company law requires the directors to prepare financial statements for each financial
year. Under that law they have elected to prepare the financial statements in
accordance with UK accounting standards and applicable law (“UK Generally
Accepted Accounting Practice”), including FRS 102 The Financial Reporting
Standard applicable in the UK and Republic of Ireland.
Under company law the directors must not approve the financial statements unless
they are satisfied that they give a true and fair view of the state of affairs of the
company and of the profit or loss of the company for that period. In preparing these
financial statements, the Directors are required to:

. select suitable accounting policies and then apply them consistently;

. make judgements and estimates that are reasonable and prudent;

. state whether applicable UK accounting standards have been followed, subject
to any material departures disclosed and explained in the financial statements;

. assess the company’s ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as
applicable, matters related to going concern; and

. use the going concern basis of accounting unless they either intend to liquidate
the company or to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do
so.

The Directors are responsible for keeping adequate accounting records that are
sufficient to show and explain the company’s transactions and disclose with
reasonable accuracy at any time the financial position of the company and enable
them to ensure that the financial statements comply with the Companies Act 2006.
They are responsible for such internal contro! as they determine is necessary to enable
the preparation of financial statements that are free from material misstatement,
whether due to fraud or error, and have general responsibility for taking such steps as
are reasonably open to them to safeguard the assets of the company and to prevent and
detect fraud and other irregularities.

Wickes Group Limited

Profit and loss account and total comprehensive income
for the period ended 26 December 2020

£m Note 2020 2019
Impairment charge 7 (118.5) -
Operating loss and loss before tax (118.5) -
Tax charge on loss on ordinary activities 5 - :
Loss and total comprehensive loss for the

financial year (118.5) -

The above results were derived from continuing operations.

Wickes Group Limited

Balance sheet

as at 26 December 2020

£m Note 2020 2019
Non-current assets

Investments 7 769.0 :
Net assets 769.0 :
Capital and reserves

Called-up share capital 6 25.2 -
Profit and loss account 6 743.8 -
Shareholders’ funds 769.0 *

The notes on pages 14 to 20 form an integral part of these financial statements.

The financial statements of Wickes Group Limited, registered number 12189061,
were approved by the Board of Directors and authorised for issue on 11 March 2021.
They were signed on its behalf by:

Mer War.

A. R. Williams
Director

12

Wickes Group Limited

Statement of changes in equity
for the period from 29 December 2019 to 26 December 2020

em Note Share Share Profit and Total
capital premium loss account

At 4 September 2019 and - - - -
28 December 2019

Loss for the period and -
total comprehensive loss

(118.5) (118.5)

Allotment of shares 6 25.2 - - 25.2
New share capital 6 - 862.3 - 862.3
subscribed

Cancellation of share 6 - (862.3) 862.3 -
premium

At 26 December 2020 25.2 - 743.8 769.0

13

Wickes Group Limited

Notes to the financial statements
for the period from 29 December 2019 to 26 December 2020

For the periods 4 September 2019 to 28 December 2019 and 29 December 2019 to 26
December 2020. Unless otherwise stated, all references to 2019 and 2020 refer to the
period-end dates stated above.

1 Accounting policies

The principal accounting policies applied in the preparation of these financial statements
are set out below. These policies have been consistently applied in all periods presented,
unless otherwise stated.

General information and basis of accounting

The Company is incorporated in the United Kingdom under the Companies Act 2006.
The address of the registered office is given on page 5. The nature of the Company’s
operations and its principal activities are set out in the Strategic report on pages 2 to 3.

The Company is exempt by virtue of section 400 of the Companies Act 2006 from the
requirement to prepare group financial statements. These financial statements present
information about the Company as an individual undertaking and not about its group.

The financial statements have been prepared under the historical cost convention and in
accordance with Financial Reporting Standard 102 (“FRS 102”) issued by the Financial
Reporting Council.

The presentation currency of these financial statements is sterling. All amounts in the
financial statements have been rounded to the nearest £100,000.

Summary of disclosure exemptions

The Company meets the definition of a qualifying entity under FRS 102 and has
therefore taken advantage of the disclosure exemptions available to it in respect of its
financial statements. Exemptions have been taken in relation to share-based payments,
financial instruments, presentation of a cash flow statement, intra-group transactions and
remuneration of key management personnel.

14

Wickes Group Limited
Notes to the financial statements (continued)

1 Accounting policies (continued)
Going concern

After reviewing the forecasts and projections of the Company and the Wickes
business that the Company controls, and taking into account the intended initial public
offering of the Company in April 2021, the Directors have a reasonable expectation
that the Company has adequate resources to continue in operational existence for the
12 months from the date of signing these financial statements.

The Company currently has no liabilities and expects to incur limited expenses.
Should the initial public offering be successful, the Company would be able to access
the resources of the Wickes business in order to meet any ongoing expenses of a
holding company of its nature associated with a premium listing on the London Stock
Exchange.

In the event that the initial public offering was unsuccessful, the Company will remain
part of the Travis Perkins ple group. Travis Perkins pic has provided the Company
with an undertaking that for at least 12 months from the date of approval of these
financial statements, as long as the Company remains part of the Travis Perkins ple
group, it will continue to make available such funds as are needed by the Company.

As with any Company placing reliance on other group entities for financial support,
the Directors acknowledge that there can be no certainty that this support will
continue although, at the date of approval of these financial statements, they have no
reason to believe that it will not do so.

Based on their assessment, the Directors are confident that the Company will have
sufficient funds to continue to meet its liabilities as they fall due for at least 12 months
from the date of approval of the financial statements and therefore have prepared the
financial statements on a going concern basis.

Financial instruments

Financial assets and financial liabilities are recognised when the Company becomes a
party to the contractual provisions of the instrument. Financial liabilities and equity
instruments are classified according to the substance of the contractual arrangements
entered into. An equity instrument is any contract that evidences a residual interest in
the assets of the Company after deducting all of its liabilities.

Investments in subsidiary undertakings are stated at cost less provision for impairment
where appropriate. Investments held as current assets are stated at the lower of cost
and net realisable value.