BETA Close X Wickes Group Plc has announced transactions by two Persons Discharging Managerial Responsibilities (PDMRs). On April 23, 2026, David Wood, CEO, transferred 947,404 ordinary shares to Rachel Wood for nil consideration, with his family's holding remaining at 966,309 shares, representing 0.4% of issued capital. The following day, April 24, 2026, Mark George, CFO, transferred 336,629 ordinary shares to Romy George for nil consideration, leaving his family's holding unchanged at 336,629 shares, or 0.1% of issued capital. These transfers occurred outside a trading venue and do not alter the beneficial ownership of the PDMRs' respective family holdings. Disclaimer* Wickes Group PLC 24 April 2026 Wickes Group Plc (the 'Company') Notifications of transactions by Persons Discharging Managerial Responsibilities ('PDMRs') The Company has been notified that on 23 April 2026, David Wood, a PDMR of the Company, transferred 947,404 Ordinary Shares of 10 pence each ("Shares") in the Company to Rachel Wood for Nil consideration. Following the transfer, David Wood and his family's holding remain unchanged at 966,309 Shares, representing 0.4% of the issued share capital of the Company. The Company has also been notified that on 24 April 2026, Mark George, a PDMR of the Company, transferred 336,629 Ordinary Shares of 10 pence each in the Company to Romy George for Nil consideration. Following the transfer, Mark George and his family's holding remain unchanged at 336,629 Shares, representing 0.1% of the issued share capital of the Company. This Notification is made in accordance with the requirements of the UK Market Abuse Regulation, the Notification of Dealing Form for the PDMR can be found below. For further information please contact: Helen O'Keefe General Counsel & Company Secretary Tel: (44) 1923 656600 Notification of Dealing Form 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities/ person closely associated a) Name David Wood 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/Status Chief Executive Officer b) Initial notification/Amendment Initial Notification 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name Wickes Group plc b) LEI 213800IEX9ZXJRAOL133 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and; (iv) each place where transaction have been conducted a) Description of the financial Instrument, type of instrument Identification code Ordinary Shares of 10 pence each ISIN: GB00BL6C2002 b) Nature of the transaction Transfer of Ordinary Shares from David Wood to Rachel Wood c) Price(s) and volume (s) Price(s) Volume(s) £Nil 947,404 d) Aggregated information -Aggregated volume / Price Aggregate price Aggregate volume Aggregate Total N/A N/A N/A e) Date of the transaction 23 April 2026 f) Place of the transaction Outside a trading venue Notification of Dealing Form 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities/ person closely associated a) Name Mark George 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/Status Chief Financial Officer b) Initial notification/Amendment Initial Notification 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name Wickes Group plc b) LEI 213800IEX9ZXJRAOL133 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and; (iv) each place where transaction have been conducted a) Description of the financial Instrument, type of instrument Identification code Ordinary Shares of 10 pence each ISIN: GB00BL6C2002 b) Nature of the transaction Transfer of Ordinary Shares from Mark George to Romy George c) Price(s) and volume (s) Price(s) Volume(s) £Nil 336,629 d) Aggregated information -Aggregated volume / Price Aggregate price Aggregate volume Aggregate Total N/A N/A N/A e) Date of the transaction 24 April 2026 f) Place of the transaction Outside a trading venue This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Wickes Group (WIX) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 47 minutes ago Canal+ SA 1 hour ago PayPoint 2 hours ago Premier Miton Group 3 hours ago Braemar 3 hours ago Hill and Smith All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and