BETA Close X Wickes Group PLC has announced that its Annual General Meeting will take place at 9:00 am on Tuesday, May 19, 2026. Shareholders have been provided with the Notice of Annual General Meeting, a proxy form, and the 2025 Annual Report and Accounts, which was previously published on March 17, 2026. All these documents are available for viewing and download on the company's website and have also been uploaded to the National Storage Mechanism. Disclaimer* Wickes Group PLC 07 April 2026 Wickes Group PLC (the 'Company') Notice of Annual General Meeting Wickes Group plc announces that its Annual General Meeting will be held at 9.00am on Tuesday 19 May 2026 at Vision House, 19 Colonial Way, Watford WD24 4JL. The Notice of Annual General Meeting is available to view and download on the Company's website at www.wickesplc.co.uk/investors/agm . In connection with the Annual General Meeting, the following documents have been posted or made available to shareholders today: ● the Notice of Annual General Meeting; ● a proxy form for the Annual General Meeting; and ● the Annual Report and Accounts. A copy of the Notice of Annual General Meeting and the proxy form has also been uploaded to the National Storage Mechanism and will shortly be available at https://data.fca.org.uk/#/nsm/nationalstoragemechanism The 2025 Annual Report and Accounts was published on 17 March 2026 and is available on the Company's website at https://www.wickesplc.co.uk/investors/investors-overview/annual-report-2025/ For further information please contact: Marie Williamson Director of Legal & Governance Tel: 01923 656600 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Wickes Group (WIX) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 day ago Canal+ SA 1 day ago PayPoint 1 day ago Premier Miton Group 1 day ago Braemar 1 day ago Hill and Smith All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and