BETA Close X Pan African Resources PLC announced its intention to move from the AIM to the London Stock Exchange's Main Market, with admission to the Equity Shares (Commercial Companies) category of the Official List. The company expects admission to occur in late October 2025, but not before October 22, 2025, pending FCA approval of the prospectus. Consequently, the company has given notice of the intended cancellation of trading of its Ordinary Shares on AIM, adhering to Rule 41, which requires a 20-business day notice period. The Admission will not affect the company’s listing on the JSE, resulting in a dual primary listing. Disclaimer* THIS ANNOUNCEMENT IS MADE FOR INFORMATION PURPOSES ONLY AND DOES NOT CONSTITUTE AN OFFER TO SELL OR ISSUE OR SOLICITATION TO BUY, SUBSCRIBE FOR OR OTHERWISE ACQUIRE SHARES IN PAN AFRICAN RESOURCES PLC IN ANY JURISDICTION IN WHICH ANY SUCH OFFER OR SOLICITATION WOULD BE UNLAWFUL. Pan African Resources PLC Pan African Resources Funding Company (Incorporated and registered in England and Wales Limited under Companies Act 1985 with registered Incorporated in the Republic of South Africa number 3937466 on 25 February 2000) with limited liability Share code on AIM: PAF Registration number: 2012/021237/06 Share code on JSE: PAN Alpha code: PARI ISIN: GB0004300496 ADR code: PAFRY (’ Pan African ’ or ‘the Company ’ or ‘the Group ’) INTENTION TO MOVE FROM AIM TO LONDON MAIN MARKET Pan African is pleased to announce an update in relation to the proposed application for the Company’s ordinary shares (‘ Ordinary Shares ’) to be admitted to the Equity Shares (Commercial Companies) (‘ ESCC ’) category of the Official List maintained by the Financial Conduct Authority (‘ FCA ’) (‘ Official List ’) and to trading on London Stock Exchange plc’s (‘ London Stock Exchange ’) main market for listed securities (‘ Main Market ’) (together, ‘ Admission ’). Admission remains subject to the approval by the FCA of a prospectus prepared by the Company and the Ordinary Shares being admitted by the FCA to the ESCC segment of the Official List, and by the London Stock Exchange to trading on the Main Market. Subject to the satisfaction of these conditions, and further to the announcement made on 8 September 2025, the Company expects that Admission will take place and the Ordinary Shares will be cancelled from trading on AIM in late October, but will not occur before 22 October 2025 (‘ Cancellation ’). Under the AIM Rules for Companies (‘ AIM Rules ’), the Cancellation can only take place after the expiry of a period of 20 business days from the date on which the notice of Cancellation is given. Accordingly, the Company hereby gives notice of the intended cancellation of trading of its Ordinary Shares on AIM in accordance with Rule 41 of the AIM Rules. Admission is not conditional upon shareholder approval. Pan African shareholders should consult their own professional advisors regarding the consequences of Admission on their personal tax position. Peel Hunt LLP and Joh. Berenberg, Gossler & Co. KG are acting as joint sponsors exclusively to the Company and no one else in connection with Admission. For the avoidance of doubt, the Admission will have no impact on the Company’s listing on the JSE. Accordingly, following Admission, the Company will be dual primary listed on the Main Market and the main board of the JSE. Rosebank 23 September 2025 For further information on Pan African, please visit the Company's website at www.panafricanresources.com Corporate information Corporate Office The Firs Building 2nd Floor, Office 204 Corner Cradock and Biermann Avenues Rosebank, Johannesburg South Africa Office: + 27 (0)11 243 2900 info@paf.co.za Registered Office 107 Cheapside, 2 nd Floor London, EC2V 6DN United Kingdom Office: + 44 (0)20 3869 0706 jane.kirton@corpserv.co.uk Chief Executive Officer Cobus Loots Office: + 27 (0)11 243 2900 Financial Director and debt officer Marileen Kok Office: + 27 (0)11 243 2900 Head: Investor Relations Hethen Hira Tel: + 27 (0)11 243 2900 E-mail: hhira@paf.co.za Website: www.panafricanresources.com Company Secretary Jane Kirton St James's Corporate Services Limited Office: + 44 (0)20 3869 0706 Joint Sponsor, Nominated Adviser and Joint Broker Ross Allister/Georgia Langoulant Peel Hunt LLP Office: +44 (0)20 7418 8900 JSE Sponsor & JSE Debt Sponsor Ciska Kloppers Questco Corporate Advisory Proprietary Limited Office: + 27 (0) 63 482 3802 Joint Broker Thomas Rider/Nick Macann BMO Capital Markets Limited Office: +44 (0)20 7236 1010 Joint Sponsor and Joint Broker Matthew Armitt/Jennifer Lee/Dan Gee-Summons Berenberg Office: +44 (0)20 3207 7800 Important Notice This announcement contains statements that are, or may be deemed to be, “forward-looking statements”. These forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of words such as “will”, “expect”, “could”, “believe”, “intend”, “should” and words of similar meaning. All statements other than statements of historical facts included in this announcement, including those regarding the Company’s strategy, plans and objectives and the anticipated Admission are forward-looking statements. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such statements. Forward-looking statements involve a number of known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, many of which are difficult to predict and generally beyond the control of Pan African. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this announcement. Pan African expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to update or revise any forward-looking statement (except to the extent legally required). Peel Hunt LLP (" Peel Hunt "), which is authorised and regulated in the United Kingdom by the FCA, is acting exclusively for the Company as Joint Sponsor and no one else in connection with Admission and it will not regard any other person as a client in relation to Admission and will not be responsible to anyone other than the Company for providing the protections afforded to its clients or for providing advice in relation to Admission or any other transaction, matter, or arrangement referred to in this announcement. Joh. Berenberg, Gossler & Co. KG, London Branch (“ Berenberg ”), which is authorised and regulated by the German Federal Financial Supervisory Authority and in the United Kingdom is subject to limited regulation by the FCA, is acting exclusively for the Company as Joint Sponsor and no one else in connection with Admission and it will not regard any other person as a client in relation to Admission and will not be responsible to anyone other than the Company for providing the protections afforded to its clients or for providing advice in relation to Admission or any other transaction, matter, or arrangement referred to in this announcement. This announcement has been issued by, and is the sole responsibility of, the Company. No representation or warranty, express or implied, is or will be made as to, or in relation to, and no responsibility or liability is or will be accepted by Peel Hunt or Berenberg or any other advisers to the Company or by any of their respective affiliates, partners, directors, officers, employees, advisers or agents as to or in relation to, the accuracy or completeness of this announcement or any other written or oral information made available to or publicly available to any interested party or its advisers, and any liability therefore is expressly disclaimed. AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Pan African Resources (PAF) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 48 minutes ago Taseko Mines Limited NPV (DI) 48 minutes ago Taseko Mines Limited NPV (DI) 48 minutes ago Xeros Technology Group 48 minutes ago Plus500 Ltd (DI) 48 minutes ago Capital for Colleagues plc All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and