Pan African Resources Plc
Registered in England & Wales
Company Number 03937466

=YSIPZANIDIING
HORIZONS

MINING FOR A FUTURE

Neen se

(a ma

INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT

for the year ended 80 June

REPORT
NAVIGATION

The following tools will assist you throughout this report
Integrated thinking in action

Find more information on our website,
www.panafricanresources.com/

Alternative performance measures (APMs)
as reconciled on pages 282 to 291

Limited assurance obtained

|_—CAPITALS

Financial capital Human capital

Social and

Manufactured capital relationship capital

Intellectual capita! Natura! capital

Refer to pages 8 and 9,

STAKEHOLDERS

Providers of capital Communities
Governments and
Customers regulatory bodies
Suppliers Collaboration partners
Employees and unions The environment
Refer to pages 57 to 65.
MATERIAL MATTERS
‘ Innovation and
Execution efficiency coos
Safety, security,

Growth aspirations health and wellness
Skils attraction

Cost consciousness .
and retention

Energy management Social licence
‘gy manag to operate
Infrastructural ;
Tailings management
constraints
Climate change,
Water management decarborisation and
biodiversity

Refer to pages 30 to 47.

CONTENTS

‘About our report IFC

OUR BUSINESS AND STRATEGY

‘About Pan African 4
Timeline 6
Value created and distributed in 2024 8
Reasons to invest in Pan African 10
Chairman's statement 14
Our value-creating strategy 16
Our strategic objectives and initiatives 18
Our business model 22
Our material matters 30
(ur primary risks and opportunities 48
Our key stakeholder relationships 87
Our operating environment 66

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

Our key performance ingicators 72
Chief executive officer's review 74
Five-year financial overview 4
Financial director's review 86
Our sustainability-linked finance framework 94
Operational performance review 96
~ Barberton Mines 98
~ Evander Mines 101
= Blikbulu 102
~ Talings management 103
Operational production 104
Abridged Mineral Resources and Mineral Reserves report 106

ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND CORPORATE
GOVERNANCE

Non-financial and sustainability information

Environmental overview 133
Social overview 136
Corporate governance overview 139
Board of directors 144

Rlemuneration report

ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Statement of directors’ responsibilities.
Chief executive officer's and financial director's

responsibilty statement 187
Certificate of the company secretary 187
Directors’ report 188
Audit and risk committes report 190
Independent auditors’ report to the members

of Pan African Resources PLC 194
Statements of financial position 200
Statements of profit or loss and other

comprehensive income 201
‘Statements of cash flows 202

‘Statements of changes in equity
Notes to the financial statements

OTHER INFORMATION
Shareholders’ analysis,

Alternative performance measures® 282
Sustainability reporting boundary 292
Glossary 293

Corporate information
Shareholders’ diary

es

ABOUT

UR REPORT

INTEGRATED THINKING

Our business model embraces integrated thinking by
incorporating it into our decision-making processes, strategies
and operations.

We recognise that our financial performance is not the sole

measure of our success, but is intertwined with our impact on
the environment, society and governance practices.

We strive to integrate environmental, social and governance
(ESG) considerations into our day-to-day activities and strategic
initiatives, rather than treating them as separate silos.

OUR REPORTING SUITE

We have introduced information boxes to provide additional
background or simple explanations of terminology.

Throughout the report:
* we indicate positive impacts, movements and effects
in green
* negative outcomes in red
* and neutral resus in black

Our provisional summarised audited
results are available on our website at:

Our climate change report is available

(on our website at:
httpsv/Awww.panafricanresources.comvinvestors/gri-and-sustainabllity/

Our Mineral Resources and Mineral
Reserves report provides technical
information in compliance with the
SAMREC Code and is available on our
website at:

https://www panafricanresources.convatrican-mines/mineral-resouroe-mineral-reservel

Our corporate governance report,
including a comprehensive King V™

index, is available on our website at:
httpsy/www.panafrlcanresources.com/about/corporate-governance/

Our sustainable development report
contains additional non-financial
disclosures and is available on our

website at:
hhttas://wwrw.panafricanresources.comv/investors/gri-and-sustainability/

Our notice of annual general meeting
will be available on our website on

30 October 2024 at:
htps://www.panafricanresources. comvinvestors/sharehalder-announcements/

Pan African Resources PLC’s (Pan African or the Company or the Group) integrated
annual report provides stakeholders with a clear, concise and accurate overview of
the Group's activities, performance and its impact on financial, environmental and
governance matters. This report encompasses our strategy, operations, financial and
non-financial performance and environmental and social responsibility initiatives.

We are committed to building a sustainable future through
responsible mining and integrated thinking. We understand
that our business success depends on our ability to balance
economic, environmental and social considerations.

In this report, we invite you to explore how Pan African continues to
create long-term value for our stakeholders.

OUR FOCUS THIS YEAR

We have improved this report by:

* establishing it as the ‘umbrella’ report which brings together
ur reporting suite with summaries of the information contained
in our sustainable development, Mineral Resources and Mineral
Reserves, climate change and corporate governance reports

* introducing a double materiality assessment to ensure that all
material sustainability topics are addressed

* improving consistency and comparability with a listing of all
key performance indicators (KPIs) - both financial and non-
financial - in a single table

* further enhancing our balanced reporting

* reducing duplication of information with improved cross-
references, thereby enhancing conciseness.

REPORTING COMPLIANCE

Compiling this report has been guided by but not limited to the

following:

* London Stock Exchange's (LSE) AIM Market (AIM) Rules

* USE Limited (JSE) Listings Requirements

* Global Reporting Initiative (GR) Standards

* IFRS® Accounting Standards (IFRS)

* United Kingdom (UK)-adopted International Accounting
Standards

* International Integrated Reporting Framework (<IR> Framework)
of the IFRS Foundation

© IFRS® Sustainability Disclosure Standards S1 and S2 of the
International Sustainability Standards Board

* USE Sustainability Disclosure Guidance

* King IV Report on Corporate Governance for South Africa,
2016™ (King IV™)

DOUBLE MATERIALITY

Materialty is central to our reporting; it enables us to present
information that is reasonably expected to influence stakeholder
decisions. Our double materiality approach involves identifying,
evaluating and prioritising matters based on their potential to
impact our ability to create and preserve value over the short (one
year), medium (two to three years) and long term (more than three
years) horizons (financial materiality) as well as our impact on
society, communities and the environment (impact materiality).

ur double Our operating
envionment is
discussed on

pages 66 to 69

Our material matters
are analysed under
each of our capitals
on pages 33 to 47

materiality proce
is outlined on
page 30

Management is not aware of any material information that was
unavailable or subject to legal publication prohibitions.

* Principles of the United Nations Globat Compact

* South African Code for the Reporting of Exploration Results,
Mineral Resources and Mineral Reserves, 2016 edition
(SAMREC Code)

* South African Companies Act, 71 of 2008 (South African
Companies Act)

* South African Institute of Chartered Accountants (SAICA)
Financial Reporting Guidelines

* UK Companies Act 2006 (Companies Act 2006)

+ United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (UN SDGs)

* Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFO)
recommendations

‘* Non-financial and sustainability information statement (NFSIS)
disclosure requirements.

™ Copyright and trademarks are owned by the Institute of Directors
South Attica NPC and all ofits rights are reserved.

ABOUT OUR REPORT continues

BOUNDARY AND SCOPE

This report covers material information about our strategic initiatives, operating environment and operational performance for the period
1 July 2023 to 30 June 2024 (the 2024 reporting period) and summarises material information from the sustainable development,
Mineral Resources and Mineral Reserves, climate change and corporate governance reports. Details of our financial performance are
available in the annual financial statements section of this report.

Our integrated reporting boundary

Integrated Sustainable Mineral Resources Climate Corporate Notice of

annual development and Mineral change governance annual general
report report Reserves report report report meeting

Our financial reporting boundary

Annual financial statements

ur integrated reporting boundary aligns with our financial statement reporting boundary and includes details
of our investments in subsidiaries, associates and listed investments

Holding company - Pan African

Pan African Resources SA Holdings Proprietary Limited Barberton Mines Proprietary Limited (Barberton Mines)
Pan African Resources Funding Company Proprietary Limited Evander Gold Mining Proprietary Limited (Evander Mines)
PAR Gold Proprietary Limited Evander Gold Mines Proprietary Limited

Prwtany United Management Services Company Moggle Talings Retreatment Proprietary Limited (MTR)
Pan African Resources Properties Proprietary Limited Mogale Gold Proprietary Limited (Mogale Gold)
Concrete Rose Proprietary Limited Mintails SA Soweto Cluster Proprietary Limited (MSC)
@) Mogale Clay Proprietary Limited

Agricultural, solar and ESG projects Exploration programmes

Barberton Blue Proprietary Limited (Barberton Blue) Pan African Resources Minerals DMCC.

Evander Solar Solutions Proprietary Limited Pan African Resources Minerals Co Limited
Barberton Green Proprietary Limited

SUSTAINABILITY REPORTING BOUNDARY
Our sustainability reporting boundary is outlined on page 292.

|

ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES >

We use financial and non-financial measures to assess our
performance, including APMs that assist in illustrating the
undertying financial performance of the Group. The purpose of
each of these measures is defined and explained on pages 282
to 291, and a reconciliation to the equivalent IFRS Accounting
Standards measures is also provided. It is important to note that
these APMs should be considered in addition to, and not as a
substitute for, or as superior to, measures reported in accordance
with IFRS Accounting Standards. Also, these APMs may not be
comparable with similarly titled measures by other companies,
including those in the gold mining industry.

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

Certain statements in this integrated annual report may be regarded
as forward-looking statements or forecasts, but do not constitute
an earnings forecast. All forward-looking statements are based
solely on the judgement and expectations of the directors at the
time of preparing this report. Emerging risks, uncertainties and
other important factors may materially change the results from our
expectations. These statements have not been reviewed and are
not reported on by the external auditors.

STRATEGIC REPORT
Our strategic report, including our investment case, on pages 2 to
148, was reviewed and approved by the board on 11 September 2024.

ASSURANCE

We apply a combined assurance model:

* The board and the audit and risk committee assessed the
effectiveness of controls for the year ended 30 June 2024
including the remediation actions proposed in light of the
restatement of the prior year financial staternents to prevent
a recurrence, as satisfactory after @ review of internal control
policies and reports from internal audit and other assurance
providers and confirmation from executive management. Refer
to the statement of directors’ responsibilities on page 186

+ The PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP (PwC) opinion on our 2024

annual financial statements is set out on pages 194 to 199

* Key sustainability reported values, containing the gold
seal of approva®, indicate limited assurance granted by
PricewaterhouseCoopers Inc. (PwC Inc.) The limited assurance
report from PwC Inc. can be found on pages 69 to 71 in the
sustainable development report

* The execution of our combined assurance plan is monitored by
‘the audit and risk committee which reports to the board, on an
annual basis, on its execution.

BOARD APPROVAL

The board assumes ultimate responsibilty for the integrity of this
report. The board is satisfied that the report addresses all material
matters and fairy presents the Group's performance for the 2024
financial year. The report is also an accurate reflection of our
strategic commitments for the short, medium and long term.

‘The board is of the opinion that the 2024 integrated annual report
complies in all material respects with the relevant statutory and
regulatory requirements - particularly the <IR> Framework, IFRS
Accounting Standards, the UK-adopted international standards and
‘the Companies Act 2006.

This report is prepared under the supervision of senior management
and is subject to an internal and external review process. The

audit and risk committee reviews the content of this report and the
collation process, relying on the assurance provided at the various
reporting levels.

On the recommendation of the audit and risk committee, the board
approved the integrated annual report and the Group's annual
financial statements on 11 September 2024.

Keith Spencer Dawn Earp Thabo Mosololi CharlesNeedham Yvonne Themba Cobus Loots Deon Louw
‘Chairman Lead independent —_ independent Independent Independent Chief executive — Financial
officer director

‘Signatures were removed to protect the security and privacy of the signatories.

PAN AFRICAN RESOURCES PLC | 1
Integrated annual report 2024

OUR BUSINESS PERFORMANCE ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL, OTHER
AND STRATEGY REVIEW ‘CORPORATE GOVERNANCE STATEMENTS INFORMATION

Pan African is a sustainable, safe, high-margin
and long-life gold producer.

OUR
BUSINESS AND
STRATEGY

2 | PAN AFRICAN RESOURCES PLC

Integrated annual report 2026

About Pan African
Timeline

Value created and distributed in 2024
Reasons to invest in Pan African
Chairman's statement

Our value-creating strategy

Our strategic objectives and initiatives
Our business model ~
Our material matters

Our primary risks and opportunities
Our key stakeholder relationships

Our operating environment

PAN AFRICAN RESOURCES PLC | 3
Integrated annual report 2024

| ND STRATEGY eve
ABOUT

ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND
‘CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

‘ANNUAL FINANCIAL

OTHER
‘STATEMENTS INFORMATION

PAN AFRICAN

‘WHO WE ARE

Pan African is a mid-tier, African-focused gold producer. Our shares

trade as follows:
‘+ In the UK on the AIM market of the LSE (ticker: PAF)
* In South Africa through a primary listing on the Main Board of

the JSE (ticker: PAN) and a secondary listing on the A2X Market

(A2X)
* Inthe United States of America (USA) on the OTCOQX Best

Market (OTCQX) through a Level 1 American Depository Receipt

(ADA) programme sponsored by the Bank of New York Mellon
(ticker: PAFRY) and ordinary shares (ticker: PAFRF).

OUR VALUE-CREATING STRATEGY

To safely and efficiently extract value from our mineral deposits
while prioritising the long-term sustainability of our business.

We leverage our combined knowledge and skills base to approach
mining in an entrepreneurial manner, generating compelling returns
for our stakeholders. For more information, refer to pages 16

and 17.

A unique combination of African
underground and surface mining
operations

Gold mining in South Africa

‘South Africa, renowned for its gold
reserves, has been a major gold producer
since the late 19th century. It features
well-established infrastructure, advanced

mining technologies and substantial
expertise. The sector significantly
contributes to the nation’s gross domestic
product (GDP), creates employment
opportunities and attracts continued
investment.

GEOGRAPHICAL REPRESENTATION
of our shareholders at 30 June 2024

OUR OPERATING GOLD MINES.

Our operations offer a unique combination of South African

underground and surface remining operations:

+ Barberton Mines, with a history spanning over 130 years,
and Evander Mines are our primary underground operations
with remaining life-of-mine estimates of 20 and 11 years,
respectively

‘* Additionally, our surface remining operations include the Elikhulu
Tallings Retreatment Plant (Elikhulu), the Barberton Tailings
Retreatment Plant (BTRP) and the Mogale Tailings Retreatment
Project (MTR project), with commissioning and first gold
production anticipated ahead of schedule in October 2024
and steady-state production expected during December 2024.

We are strategically transitioning towards a portfolio
focused on long-life assets, with a combination of low-cost
surface mining and high-grade underground mines.

Production Recovered
Production Mineral Mineral {tonnes milled grade AISC®  Life-of-mine
(oz/annum) Reserves Resources —_ and processed) (o/t) (USS/oz) (years)

2024 2024 2024

2024 2024 2024
(2023)' (2023)

(2023) (2023) (2023) (2023)

BARBERTON MINES (UNDERGROUND MINING OPERATIONS),

A long-life, high-grade operation comprising three underground mines: Fairview, Sheba and Consort

5.8Mt at 5.87g/t | 13.8Mt at 6.22g/t 358,936
1.09Moz 2.77Moz (342,622)
(6.5Mt at 6.49g/t) | (24.1Mt at 4.149/t)
(1.14Moz) (3.20Moz)

BARBERTON TAILINGS RETREATMENT PLANT
The plant was completed in June 2013 and adds high-margin and low-risk ounces to our production profil

18,888 | 3.6Mtat1.63g/t | 20.7Mtat 1.119/t 828,392
0.19Moz 0.74Moz
(19,875) | @.9Mtat3.03g/) | (22.7Mt at 1.25g/t) (921,753)
(0.38Moz) (0.91Moz)

ELIKHULU
This plant exploits tailings deposited on the Kinross, Leslie/Bracken and Winkelhaak tailings
storage facilities (TSFs) in Evander. It commenced production in 2018

54,812 |130.6Mt at 0.27g/t | 155.4Mt at 0.27g/t 14,198,865
1.12Moz 1.34Moz
(60,573) | (140.9Mt at 0.279/) | (163.4Mt at 0.27g/t) (13,587,371)
(1.24Moz) (1.42Moz)

EVANDER MINES (UNDERGROUND MINING OPERATIONS)
Extraction of the 8 Shaft pillar and the development of the 24, 25 and 26 Level high-grade areas at Evander Mines

38,285 192,050

4.29Mt at 7.089/t | 30.6Mt at 6.82g/t
0.98Moz 8.68Moz
(33,256) | (B.5Mt at 6.82g/t) | (24.0Mt at 10.28g/t) (159,063) (6.4) 1,113 (13)

(0.77Moz) (7.95Moz)

OUR OPERATIONS

EVANDER MINES (SURFACE SOURCES)
The purchase of gold-bearing material from third parties ~ leveraging the excess capacity
of Evander Mines’ metallurgical plants

104,157 2,174

2,584
Not reported (248,575) (1.718)

(6,919)

Not reported Not reported

MTR PROJECT
A plant is being constructed to process gold tailings deposited onto the Mogale Gold and MSC TSFs
Figures in the table below are based on the expected definitive feasibility study results announced in June 2022

259.8Mt at 0.30g/t | 9,600,000 for the
Mogale Cluster —
for the initial

five years
12,000,000
including the
Soweto Cluster
- from year

six onwards

227.7Mt at 0.29g/t

* Restated due to prior period adjustments, refer to note 40.
2 Subsequent to the reporting period, the Group was able to extend the life-of-mine for the BTRP to seven years following positive Mineral Reserves studies.

‘OUR BUSINESS PERFORMANCE ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND ‘ANNUAL FINANCIAL, OTHER
AND STRATEGY REVIEW ‘CORPORATE GOVERNANCE ‘STATEMENTS INFORMATION

TIMELINE

2013 to 2018
* Acquired Evander Mines

© Commissioned the BTRP

* Constructed and commissioned Elikhul

2000 to 2006"
* Incorporated
* Exploration phase

2007 to 2009
‘* Acquired Barberton Mines
* AIM listing
© USE listing

2019
* Egoli project and Evander Mines’ 8 Shaft
pillar mining - commissioned feasibility

studies

204,928

Total gold /

production
{oz)

Market capitalisation
(US$ million)?

"The timeline represents the period spanning the start of one financial year to the end of the subsequent financial year.

2 Source: JSE's Treding and Market Services. Calculated at the end of each calendar year at quoted prices and the
closing USS/ZAR exchange rate.

2 Source: JSE's Trading and Market Services. Calculated at 30 June 2024 using the quoted price and the closing
USS/ZAR exchange rate at that date.

6 | PAN AFRICAN RESOURCES PLC
Integrated annual report 2028