PAN AFRICAN
RESOURCES

Registered in England & Wales
Company Number 03937466

79 Au

Gold
196.97
Pp: 79
n: 118

MINING FOR A FUTURE

}

T

COMPANIES HOUSE }

>
<
fay
z
fe}
= *ACHSIY2I*
‘
A07 27/11/2023 #16

2023

INTEGRATED
ANNUAL REPORT

for the year ended 30 June

REPORT
NAVIGATION

The following tools will assist you throughout this report:

Integrated thinking in action

Find more information on our website,
www.panafricanresources.com/

B %

N Alternative performance measures (APMs)
7 as reconciled on pages 254 to 261.

a

©

Limited assurance obtained

CAPITALS

&B__ Financial capital 22) Manufactured capital

© imtetiectual capital By Human capital
Social and relationship ,

RS otal @ Natural capital

Refer to pages 12 and 13.

STAKEHOLDERS

Providers of capital

svooier
Ee] connunts

Collaboration partners {QJ The environment

Customers

Employees and unions

Governments and
regulatory bodies

Refer to pages 36 to 45.

MATERIAL MATTERS
exeouton

Health, safety and

souuty

Growth Talent and skills
Unemployment and
Cost social responsibility
Electricity Beyond compliance
® Geology 3) Tailings management

@ wosionsrs © Biodiversity and

opportunity decarbonisation

Refer to pages 26 and 27.

CONTENTS

EB About ou report

OUR BUSINESS AND STRATEGY
‘About Pan African

How we create value

Value-creation timeline

Value created and distributed in 2023
Investment case

Our strategy

Our strategic objectives and initiatives,
Our business model

Our material matters

Our primary risks and opportunities
Our key stakeholder relationships
Our operating environment
Chairman's statement

PERFORMANCE REVIEW
Chief executive officer's review
Performance against our strategic objectives
Five-year overview
ur sustainabiity-linked finance framework
Financial director's review
Operational performance review
— Barberton Mines
= Evander Mines
= Elikhulu
~ Tailings management
Operational production
Financial capital
Manufactured capital
— Abridged Mineral Resources and
Mineral Reserves report

ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
Intellectual capital
Human capital
Social and relationship capital
Natural capital
Non-financial and sustainability
information statement
Corporate governance overview
Board of directors
Remuneration report

ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Statement of directors’ responsibilities
Chief executive officer's and financial director's
responsibilty statement
Certificate of the company secretary
fee Directors’ report
Audit and risk committee report
Independent auditors’ report to the members
of Pan African Resources PLC
Statements of financial position
Statements of profit or loss and other
comprehensive income
Statements of cash flows
Statements of changes in equity
Notes to the financial statements

Alternative performance measures
Glossary
Corporate information

OTHER INFORMATION
Shareholders’ analysis,
Shareholders’ diary

Beart nasa yorpandeleag
atoms muntser 70. Thtsmetes Renoef
Saemratey obeeeacs :
oangs-yellom, danse, cok, mellsdale =

ee :
oc oral tree pheenstme lv
p eecaiae em

ABOUT OUR
REPORT

Pan African Resources PLC's (Pan African
or the Company or the Group) integrated
annual report provides stakeholders with
a clear, concise and accurate overview

of the Group's activities, performance

and its impact on financial, environmental
and governance matters. The report
encompasses our strategy, operations,
financial and non-financial performance
and environmental and social responsibility
initiatives.

We are committed to building a sustainable
future through responsible mining and
integrated thinking. We understand that our
business success depends on our ability

to balance economic, environmental and
social considerations.

In this report, we invite you to explore how
Pan African continues to create long-term
value for our stakeholders.

OUR FOCUS THIS YEAR

We have made this report easier to read

and understand by:

* highlighting the benefits of integrated
thinking for our business

* providing a clearer investment case

* focusing on short-, medium- and long-
term time horizons

* improving balance and ensuring
comprehensive coverage

* strengthening the links between our
strategy, performance and outlook.

INTEGRATED THINKING

In our business model, we embrace integrated thinking by incorporating it
into our decision-making processes, strategies and operations. We recognise
that our financial performance is not the sole measure of our success, but

is intertwined with our impact on the environment, society and govemance
practices. We strive to integrate environmental, social and governance
considerations into our day-to-day activities and strategic initiatives, rather than
treating them as separate silos.

REPORTING COMPLIANCE
Comping this report has been guided by but not limited to the following:
Alternative Investment Market (AIM) Rules of the London Stock Exchange (LSE)
for companies
* Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Standards
* International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS)
* International integrated Reporting Framework (<IR> Framework) of the IFRS Foundation
* USE Limited (JSE) Listings Requirements
* USE Sustainability Disclosure Guidance
* King IV Report on Corporate Governance for South Africa, 2016™ (King IV™)
* Principles of the United Nations Global Compact
* South African Code for the Reporting of Exploration Results, Mineral Resources and
Mineral Reserves, 2016 edition (SAMREC Code)
* South African Companies Act, 71 of 2008 (South African Companies Act)
* South African Institute of Chartered Accountants (SAICA) Financial Reporting Guidelines
* United Kingdom (UK) Companies Act 2006 (Companies Act 2006)
* United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (UN SDGs)
«Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) recommendations.

™ Copyright and trademarks are owned by the Institute of Directors South Africa NPC and all ofits
rights are reserved.

MATERIALITY

Materiality is a key concept in our reporting. It refers to information that could reasonably
be expected to influence the decisions of our stakeholders. We have included information
on all material events that occurred after 30 June 2023 and up to the date the board
approved this report. Management is not aware of any material information that was
unavailable or subject to legal publication prohibitions.

Our materiality process involves identifying, evaluating and prioritising the most significant
issues based on their potential impact on our ability to create and preserve value over the
short (one year), medium (two to three years) and long term (more than three years).

How we identify our
macroeconomic issues and
material matters

Our materiality process is
outlined on page 26

Our operating environment is discussed

Our macroeconomic issues on pages 46 to 49

Material matters are
analysed under each
of our capitals

The six capitals are defined on page 12
and their associated material matters
are analysed on pages 96 to 128

‘Throughout the report:

‘+ we indicate positive impacts,
movements and effects in
green AV®@

* negative outcomes in red AV @

* and neutral results in black b>.

We have introduced information
boxes to provide additional

background or simple explanations
of terminology.

ABOUT OUR REPORT continues

BOUNDARY AND SCOPE
This report covers all of Pan African’s operations and exploration programmes and is published annually. It includes our progress for the year
from 1 July 2022 to 30 June 2023.

Integrated
annual
report

Environmental, social
and governance report
(ESG report)

Operating
environment

Strategy

Our integrated reporting boundary

Task Force on
Climate-related Financial
Disclosures report
(TCFO report)

Primary risks and
opportunities

Notice of
annual general meeting

Stakeholder
relationships

Six capitals used
or impacted

Our financial reporting boundary

Annual financial statements

Our integrated reporting boundary aligns with our financial statement reporting boundary and includes details of our
investments in subsidiaries, associates and listed investments

Holding company - Pan African

Corporate

Pan African Resources SA Holdings Proprietary Limited

PAR Gold Proprietary Limited

Pan African Resources Management Services Company
Proprietary Limited

Pan African Resources Properties Proprietary Limited

Concrete Rose Proprietary Limited

000000

Agricultural, solar and ESG projects
© Barberton Blue Proprietary Limited
(os) Evander Solar Solutions Proprietary Limited

© Barberton Green Proprietary Limited

Gold mining and tailings retreatment operations

ors) Barberton Mines Proprietary Limited

Pan African Resources Funding Company Proprietary Limited e@ Evander Gold Mining Proprietary Limited

e Evander Gold Mines Proprietary Limited
ors) Mogale Tailings Retreatment Proprietary Limited (MTR)
ors) Mogale Gold Proprietary Limited (Mogale Gold)

e Mintails SA Soweto Cluster Proprietary Limited (MSC)

Exploration programmes
© Pan African Resources Minerals DMCC

ors) Pan African Resources Minerals Co. Limited

ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES Ko
We use financial and non-financial measures to assess our
performance, including APMSs that assist in illustrating the
underlying financial performance of the Group. The purpose
of each of these measures is defined and explained on

pages 254 to 261, and a reconciliation to the equivalent IFRS
‘measures is provided. It is important to note that these APMs
should be considered in addition to, and not as a substitute
for, or as superior to, measures reported in accordance with
IFRS. Also, these APMs may not be comparable with similarly
titled measures by other companies, including those in the
gold mining industry.

Mineral Resources and
Mineral Reserves report

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS,

Certain statements in this integrated annual report may

be regarded as forward-looking statements or forecasts,

but do not represent an earnings forecast. All forward-
looking statements are based solely on the judgement and
expectations of the directors at the time of preparing this
report. Emerging risks, uncertainties and other important
factors may materially change the results trom our
expectations. These statements have not been reviewed and
are not reported on by the external auditor.

STRATEGIC REPORT

Our strategic report, including our investment case, on
pages 4 to 144, was reviewed and approved by the board
on 13 September 2023.

LIMITED ASSURANCE

Reported values containing the gold seal of approval indicate
limited assurance granted by PricewaterhouseCoopers Inc.
(PwC). The limited assurance report from PwC can be found
on pages 79 and 80 of the 2023 ESG report.

ASSURANCE

We apply a combined assurance model:

* The board and the audit and risk committee assessed the
effectiveness of controls for the year ended 30 June 2023
as satisfactory after a review of internal control policies
and reports from internal audit and other assurance
providers and confirmation from executive management.
Refer to the statement of directors’ responsibilities on
page 164

+ The PwC LLP opinion on our 2023 annual financial
statements is set out on pages 172 to 177

* PWC Inc. has assured key sustainability information

* The execution of our combined assurance model is
monitored by the audit and risk committee which reports
to the board, on an annual basis, on the execution of the
combined assurance plan.

BOARD APPROVAL

The board assumes ultimate responsibilty for the integrity of
this report. The board is satisfied that the report addresses all
material matters and fairly presents the Group's performance
for the financial year 1 July 2022 to 30 June 2023. The report
is an accurate reflection of our strategic commitments for the
short, medium and long term.

The board is of the opinion that the 2023 integrated annual
report complies in all material respects with the relevant
statutory and regulatory requirements — particularly the
<IR> Framework, IFRS and the Companies Act 2006.

This report is prepared under the supervision of senior
management and is subject to an internal and external review
process. The audit and risk committee reviews the content of
this report and the collation process, relying on the assurance
provided at the various reporting levels.

OUR REPORTING SUITE

Our provisional summarised audited
results are available on our website at:

(@https:/www.panatricanresources.com/investors/financial-reports/

Our environmental, social and
governance report contains additional
non-financial disclosures and is available
on our website at:

(@nttps://www.panatricanresources.convinvestors/gri-and-sustainability/

Our Mineral Resources and Mineral
Reserves report provides technical
information in compliance with the SAMREC
Code and is available on our website at.

(© hitpss/www.panatricanresources.com/operatons-at-a-glanoe-2/mineral-rescurce-mineral-reserve-2/

Our Task Force on Climate-related
Financial Disclosures report is available
on our website at:

(Qnttps:/www.panatricanresources.com/investors/gri-and-sustainability/

Our notice of annual general meeting
will be available on our website on
31 October 2023 at:

(Qnttpsv/www.panatricanresources.convVinvestors/shareholder-announcements/

On the recommendation of the audit and risk committee, the board approved the integrated annual report and the Group's annual financial

statements on 13 September 2023.

Keith Spencer Dawn Earp Thabo Mosololi CharlesNeedham Yvonne Themba Cobus Loots Deon Louw
Chairman Lead independent Director Director Director Chief executive Financial director
director officer

All signatures have been removed to protect the security and privacy of the signatories.

PAN AFRICAN RESOURCES PLC
Integrated annual report 2023

Energy levels

Energy levels (or electron shells) are fixed distances from
the nucleus of an atom where electrons may be found.
A gold atom has six levels.

About Pan African “

How we create value

Value-creation timeline

Value created and distributed in 2023.
Investment case

Our strategy

Our strategic objectives and initiatives
Our business model

Our material matters

‘Our primary risks and opportunities
Our key stakeholder relationships
‘Our operating environment
Chairman's statement

OUR BUSINESS
AND STRATEGY

/

Pan African is a sustainable, safe,
high-margin and long-life gold producer.

OUR BUSINESS PERFORMANCE ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND ‘ANNUAL FINANCIAL OTHER
AND STRATEGY REVIEW CORPORATE GOVERNANCE ‘STATEMENTS. INFORMATION
=

ABOUT PAN AFRICAN

WHO WE ARE OUR VALUE-CREATING STRATEGY

Pan African is a mid-tier, African-focused gold producer. Our To safely and efficiently extract value from

shares trade as follows: our mineral deposits while prioritising the

© In the UK through a primary listing on the AIM of the LSE (ticker: PAF) long-term sustainability of our business.

* In South Africa through a primary listing on the Main Board of the JSE We leverage our combined knowledge
(ticker: PAN) and a secondary listing on the A2X Market (A2X) and skills base to approach mining in

* In the United States of America (USA) on the OTCQX Best Market an entrepreneurial manner, generating
(OTCQX) through a Level 1 American Depository Receipt (ADR) compelling returns for our stakeholders.
programme sponsored by the Bank of New York Mellan (ticker Far more information, refer to pages 18
PAFRY) and ordinary shares (ticker: PAFRF). and 19.

@ South Africa 58.7%

OUR PURPOSE

@ UK 30.3%
We are committed to
GEOGRAPHICAL @ USA 5.8% optimally and consistently
REPRESENTATION @ Denmarc 2.0% on enoate whe in.
feposits while creating
of our shareholders at @ Switzerland 0.9% ‘sustainable value for all
30 June 2023 @ France 0.9% our stakeholders through

responsible mining

@ Other (<0.5%) 1.4%

OUR VISION

We aspire to further develop
Pan African as a leading

mid-tier gold producer that

upholds its purpose

OUR
SUSTAINABILITY
COMMITMENT
Our commitment to sustainability
extends beyond compliance. We
collaborate with experts in community
engagement, conservation and
sustainability initiatives to benefit all
stakeholders. Our approach prioritises
ESG considerations, including the
use of renewable energy

PAN AFRICAN RESOURCES PLC
Integrated annual report 2023,

Courageous
conversations

Resilience r) C ] Attitude

PROFITABILITY
We aim to maintain
a strong focus on
profitability by being
‘one of the highest-
margin producers of
gold in Southern Africa

GROWTH SUSTAINABILITY
Our sustainability is
“ rose pleas OUR STRATEGIC - centred on creating
combination of orgaric PILLARS long-term value for all
porttolio growth ond stakeholders by balancing
economic, environmental

production-enhancing,
and social considerations
value-accretive projects

STAKEHOLDERS
We believe that an
integrated stakeholder
approach is crucial
for our success and
to prioritise the health
and well-being of our
employees and host
communities

PAN AFRICAN RESOURCES PLC
Integrated annual report 2023,

OUR BUSINESS PERFORMANCE ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL OTHER
AND STRATEGY REVIEW CORPORATE GOVERNANCE STATEMENTS INFORMATION

ABOUT PAN AFRICAN continues

OUR OPERATING GOLD MINES
A unique combination of African underground and surface mining operations.

Gold mining in Sudan
Sudan produced an estimated

50t of gold in 2022, making it the
fifth-largest producer in Africa and
18th-largest in the world!

OUR OPERATIONS

Evander Mines

likhulu Tailings Retreatment Plant

Sheba Mine and Roya! Sheba

Fairview Mine and the Barberton Tailings
Retreatment Plant

Consort Mine

Mogale Tailings Retreat ment project

Block 12 - Sudan

Gold mining in South Africa
South Africa ranks as the world's
eighth-largest gold producer, with an

estimated output of 110t (2022). The
country has 28 operational gold mines,
including the deepest shaft in the world"

+ Qhttps://www.statista.com/statistics/264628/world-mine-production-of-gold/

PAN AFRICAN RESOURCES PLC
Integrated annual report 2023