New Executive Roles Fresnillo PLC 01 December 2023 Fresnillo Plc 21 Upper Brook Street London W1K 7PY United Kingdom www.fresnilloplc.com 1 December 2023 Fresnillo plc announces new executive roles Fresnillo plc ("Fresnillo" or "the Company") is committed to creating long term value by maximising the potential of its operations and delivering profitable growth, whilst ensuring the wellbeing of its stakeholders. To further strengthen the oversight of its assets and focus on the advancement of its pipeline, Fresnillo is pleased to announce the creation of new executive roles for its operations and projects: Chief Operating Officer North and Chief Operating Officer Central. Tomás Iturriaga, who has been leading the Company's operations over the last three years, will continue in his role as Chief Operating Officer of the Central Operations, comprised of the Fresnillo, Saucito and Juanicipio mines, together with the advanced exploration projects of Orisyvo and Guanajuato. To oversee the Herradura, Ciénega and San Julián mines, combined with the Tajitos, Rodeo and Capricornio projects, Fresnillo is appointing Daniel Diez as Chief Operating Officer of the Northern Region with effect from 1 December 2023. Mr Diez brings to the Company more than 24 years of sector experience and a broad understanding of the mining industry, acquired through significant corporate, operational and project development roles in Chile, Australia, Pakistan and Brazil. He joins from Gold Fields where he led its Chile operations overseeing the development of the Salares Norte project, a high-grade, gold-silver, open-pit deposit situated in the High Andes of northern Chile. Previously he held several senior leadership positions at Yamana Gold. He has also served as Mining Expert (LATAM) at McKinsey & Company and development roles at both Xstrata and Antofagasta. He was a Board member of Minera Alumbrera Ltd. and has also been Chairman of the Board of Directors of MARA a (joint venture between Yamana, Glencore and Newmont) and Minera Alumbrera Limited. Mr Diez has a Bachelor degree of Mining Engineering from the Universidad de Chile, an MBA from the Institute for Executive Development and is a Certified Project Manager (Stanford University). Octavio Alvídrez, Chief Executive Officer, said: "Daniel is a fantastic addition to our senior team. He brings with him considerable experience in the mining sector, and a proven track record of developing mining assets. Daniel and Tomás will work together to further improve operational performance, while overseeing the development of our extensive pipeline in their respective regions." For further information, please visit our website www.fresnilloplc.com or contact: FRESNILLO PLC London Office Gabriela Mayor, Head of Investor Relations Mark Mochalski Tel: +44 (0)20 7399 2470 Mexico City Office Ana Belem Zárate Tel: +52 55 52 79 3206 POWERSCOURT Peter Ogden Tel: +44 (0)7793 858 211 ABOUT FRESNILLO PLC Fresnillo plc is the world's largest primary silver producer and Mexico's largest gold producer, listed on the London and Mexican Stock Exchanges under the symbol FRES. Fresnillo plc has eight operating mines, all of them in Mexico - Fresnillo, Saucito, Juanicipio, Ciénega, Herradura, Soledad-Dipolos 1 , Noche Buena and San Julián (Veins and Disseminated Ore Body) and four advanced exploration projects - Orisyvo, Rodeo, Guanajuato and Tajitos as well as a number of other long term exploration prospects. Fresnillo plc has mining concessions and exploration projects in Mexico, Peru and Chile. Fresnillo plc has a strong and long tradition of exploring, mining, a proven track record of mine development, reserve replacement, and production costs in the lowest quartile of the cost curve for silver. Fresnillo plc's goal is to maintain the Group's position as the world's largest primary silver company and Mexico's largest gold producer. 1 Operations at Soledad-Dipolos are currently suspended. FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS Information contained in this announcement may include 'forward-looking statements'. All statements other than statements of historical facts included herein, including, without limitation, those regarding the Fresnillo Group's intentions, beliefs or current expectations concerning, amongst other things, the Fresnillo Group's results of operations, financial position, liquidity, prospects, growth, strategies and the silver and gold industries are forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements involve risk and uncertainty because they relate to future events and circumstances. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and the actual results of the Fresnillo Group's operations, financial position and liquidity, and the development of the markets and the industry in which the Fresnillo Group operates, may differ materially from those described in, or suggested by, the forward-looking statements contained in this document. In addition, even if the results of operations, financial position and liquidity, and the development of the markets and the industry in which the Fresnillo Group operates are consistent with the forward-looking statements contained in this document, those results or developments may not be indicative of results or developments in subsequent periods. A number of factors could cause results and developments to differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements including, without limitation, general economic and business conditions, industry trends, competition, commodity prices, changes in regulation, currency fluctuations (including the US dollar and Mexican Peso exchanges rates), the Fresnillo Group's ability to recover its reserves or develop new reserves, including its ability to convert its resources into reserves and its mineral potential into resources or reserves, changes in its business strategy and political and economic uncertainty. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Fresnillo (FRES) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 day ago Canal+ SA 1 day ago PayPoint 1 day ago Premier Miton Group 1 day ago Braemar 1 day ago Hill and Smith All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and