Across The Markets: Fresnillo, Intertek, Central Asia Metals 2026-03-03 08:33:45 (5 months ago) Related Companies: Intertek Group (ITRK) , Fresnillo (FRES) , Central Asia Metals (CAML) Intertek Testing and inspection company Intertek was left wallowing at the foot of the FTSE-100 this morning after the market was left underwhelmed by the company’s latest earnings release. Full year numbers did show revenue growth of 4.3% and margins up by 90 basis points, with the momentum here expected to continue into the year ahead. On top of that the EPS metric was slightly better than consensus estimates too, but despite the positivity, the Intertek share price is almost 10% lower in early trade. Fresnillo Another company which posted full year numbers this morning that left the market asking more questions was Fresnillo, the precious metals miner. Production was down but high underlying prices were sufficient to give revenues a meaningful lift. However in addition to this the company also has the challenge that costs are rising and production is expected to fall further in the year ahead, a combination that has seen sentiment sour. The Fresnillo share price was trading down as much as 3% shortly after the open but has been recovering losses since. Central Asia Metals The AIM listed miner with operations in Kazakhstan and North Macedonia has this morning provided an update to the market regarding the mine life of its Sasa zinc-lead mine. Management have been working hard to improve the operating performance of the facility and as such concluded that the life of the mine should be revised lower. That’s going to lead to a cash impairment charge on the asset which needs to be reflected in the next filing, due in two weeks time. The Central Asia Metals share price fell almost 12% by 8.30am. Most read news on Investegate this morning Preliminary Results - - Greggs (GRG) Preliminary Results - - Fresnillo (FRES) Sasa Mineral Resource and Ore Reserve Statement - - Central Asia Metals (CAML) Disclaimer: This information does not constitute investment advice, nor does it necessarily reflect the views and opinions of Investegate. If in doubt consult a financial professional. Other Across the Markets Posts Across The Markets: ASOS, CMC Markets, Associated British Foods 01-07-2026 (1 month ago) Related Companies: ASOS (ASC) , Associated British Foods (ABF) , CMC Markets (CMCX) CMC Markets surges as trading update bolsters institutional outlook and ASOS finds investor support from asset disposal in the US but Associated British Foods slumps as ingredients division shows weakness. Across The Markets: Celsius Resources, Barratt Redrow, IWG 30-06-2026 (1 month ago) Related Companies: Barratt Redrow (BTRW) , Celsius Resources Limited (DI) (CLA) , IWG (IWG) Housebuilders turn lower as class action law suit over price fixing emerges, but IWG jumps on extended share buyback news and small cap Celsius Resources advances on asset disposal plans. Across The Markets: Eco Atlantic, Bridgepoint, BT Group 29-06-2026 (1 month ago) Related Companies: BT Group (BT.A) , Eco (Atlantic) Oil & Gas NPV (DI) (ECO) , Bridgepoint Group (Reg S) (BPT) BT Group sees modest gains off JV announcement with Verizon, Bridgepoint adds after acquisition news is well received and Eco Atlantic also finds cheer as farm out agreement gets government approvals. Across The Markets: Wise, Guardian Metals, Barratt Redrow 26-06-2026 (1 month ago) Related Companies: Barratt Redrow (BTRW) , Wise Class A (WISE) , Guardian Metal Resources plc (GMET) Barratt Redrow tops off week of gains with new CEO arrival date confirmed, Wise sees FY numbers at top end of estimates and Guardian Metals finds support ahead of next week’s feasibility study release. Across The market: 3i Group, Moonpig, easyJet 25-06-2026 (1 month ago) Related Companies: easyJet (EZJ) , 3i Group (III) , Moonpig Group (MOON) easyJet makes further gains as management offer an olive branch to suitor Castlelake, Moonpig surges on outperformance and buyback news, whilst 3i also reacts well to pre-AGM portfolio update. UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 day ago Savannah Energy 1 day ago Barclays 1 day ago Schroder Income Growth Fund 1 day ago Fuller Smith & Turner 1 day ago Land Securities Group All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and