BETA Close X Fresnillo plc has announced that its 2025 Annual Report and Accounts, along with the Notice of the 2026 Annual General Meeting and Form of Proxy, are now available on the company's website and have been submitted to the National Storage Mechanism. The Annual General Meeting is scheduled for Tuesday, May 19, 2026, at 12:00 Noon, to be held at No.4 Hamilton Place, Mayfair, London. Disclaimer* Fresnillo PLC 17 April 2026 Fresnillo Plc 21 Upper Brook Street London W1K 7PY United Kingdom www.fresnilloplc.com 17 April 2026 ﻿ Fresnillo plc - Annual Financial Report and Notice of AGM Fresnillo plc (the "Company") confirms that copies of the 2025 Annual Report and Accounts and the Notice of the 2026 Annual General Meeting are available on the Company's website www.fresnilloplc.com . The Company also confirms that it has submitted a copy of each of the following documents to the National Storage Mechanism, which will shortly be available for inspection at: https://data.fca.org.uk/#/nsm/nationalstoragemechanism § 2025 Annual Report & Accounts § 2026 Notice of Annual General Meeting § 2026 Form of Proxy for the Annual General Meeting Annual General Meeting The Company's Annual General Meeting will be held at 12:00 Noon, Tuesday 19 May 2026 at No.4 Hamilton Place, Mayfair, London W1J 7BQ . For further information, please visit our website www.fresnilloplc.com or contact: Fresnillo plc - London office Gabriela Mayor, IRO Mark Mochalski T: +44 (0)20 7399 2470 Fresnillo plc - Mexico City Office Ana Belem Zárate Investor Relations T: +52 55 52 79 3206 Sodali Peter Ogden Public Relations T: +44 (0) 779 385 8211 About Fresnillo plc Fresnillo plc is the world's largest primary silver producer and Mexico's largest gold producer, listed on the London and Mexican Stock Exchanges under the symbol FRES. Fresnillo plc has eight operating mines, all of them in Mexico - Fresnillo, Saucito, Juanicipio, Ciénega, Herradura, Soledad-Dipolos 1 , Noche Buena and San Julián Veins, and five advanced exploration projects - Orisyvo, Rodeo, Guanajuato, Tajitos and Novador as well as a number of other long term exploration prospects. Fresnillo plc has mining concessions and exploration projects in Mexico, Peru and Chile. Fresnillo plc's goal is to maintain the Group's position as the world's largest primary silver company and Mexico's largest gold producer. 1 Operations at Soledad-Dipolos are currently suspended. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Fresnillo (FRES) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 44 minutes ago Taseko Mines Limited NPV (DI) 44 minutes ago Taseko Mines Limited NPV (DI) 44 minutes ago Xeros Technology Group 44 minutes ago Plus500 Ltd (DI) 44 minutes ago Capital for Colleagues plc All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and