Fresnillo plc Annual Financial Report Announcement Fresnillo plc Annual Financial Report Announcement - 29 April 2010 Annual Financial Report In compliance with Listing Rule 9.6.1 Fresnillo plc has submitted to the UK Listing Authority two copies of the following documents: * Annual Report & Accounts 2009 * Notice of the 2010 Annual General Meeting * Form of Proxy for the 2010 Annual General Meeting Copies of the above documents will shortly be available for inspection at the UK Listing Authority's Document Viewing Facility which is situated at: The Financial Services Authority 25 The North Colonnade Canary Wharf London E14 5HS As required by DTR 6.3.5 (3), the Company confirms thatÂ copies of the Annual Report and Circular including the Notice of Annual General Meeting are available on the Fresnillo plc websitewww.fresnilloplc.com < http://www.fresnilloplc.com/>. Information required to be published in full unedited text pursuant to DTR 6.3.5 (2) was included in the Fresnillo plc Preliminary Announcement released on 2nd March 2010. As required by DTR 6.1.2, Fresnillo plc confirms that one of the resolutions to be proposed at the Annual General Meeting is the adoption of amendments to its Articles of Association. A description of the material changes is contained in the circularÂ relating toÂ the Annual General Meeting,Â which contains the Notice of Meeting. As required by Listing Rule 13.8.10R, Fresnillo plc also confirms that copies of the blacklined articles of association showing the proposed changes will shortly be available from the Document Viewing Facility. They are also available from the registered office, 28 Grosvenor Street, London, W1K 4QR and, on the date of the Annual General Meeting,Â will be on display at Linklaters LLP, One Silk Street, London, EC2Y 8HQ from at least 15 minutes before the commencementÂ ofÂ theÂ meetingÂ until its conclusion. [HUG#1409634] Companies Fresnillo (FRES) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 day ago Savannah Energy 1 day ago Barclays 1 day ago Schroder Income Growth Fund 1 day ago Fuller Smith & Turner 1 day ago Land Securities Group All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and