2024 Annual General Meeting Voting Outcome Update Fresnillo PLC 20 November 2024 Fresnillo plc 21 Upper Brook Street London W1K 7PY United Kingdom www.fresnilloplc.com 20 November 2024 2024 Annual General Meeting Voting Outcome Update In accordance with Provision 4 of the UK Corporate Governance Code, the Company hereby provides an update on the actions taken in response to the level of votes cast against one of the resolutions (resolution 9) proposed at the Company's Annual General Meeting held on 21 May 2024. In particular, resolution 9, sought to approve the re-election of Alberto Tiburcio, an Independent Non-Executive Director of the Company. As announced on 21 May 2024, resolution 9 was passed by 96.55% of the total votes cast, and by 78.03% of votes cast by independent shareholders. Whilst the Board was pleased to note that a clear majority of independent shareholders were supportive of Mr Tiburcio's re-election, it has sought to engage with the limited number of independent shareholders who voted against resolution 9 to understand the reasons for their votes. From the discussions to date, the Board understands that those shareholders who voted against the re-election of Mr Tiburcio did so for a small number of reasons rather than having one substantive concern. These reasons include queries regarding (i) whether Mr Tiburcio, due to his commitments on other Boards, has the capacity to devote sufficient time to effectively discharge his duties for the Company, as well as (ii) Mr Tiburcio acting as Chairman of two Board Committees (Audit and Remuneration). This will be addressed when preparing the Company's Annual Report and Accounts for 2024 and the Company notes that Mr Tiburcio has not missed a single Board or Board Committee meeting since his designation as a Director. Mr Tiburcio is a committed and hardworking Director whose contributions to the Board as an Independent Director and to the Audit and Remuneration Committees as Chairman of both have been very valuable and greatly appreciated by his Board colleagues and the senior Executive Team. In that regard, the Company notes that the proposal to re-elect Mr Tiburcio as an Independent Non-Executive Director of the Company at the 2024 Annual General Meeting, as well as his designation by the Board as Chairman of the Audit and Remuneration Committees, received unanimous Board support. For further information, please visit our website www.fresnilloplc.com or contact: FRESNILLO PLC London Office Gabriela Mayor, Head of Investor Relations Mark Mochalski Tel: +44 (0)20 7399 2470 Mexico City Office Ana Belem Zárate Tel: +52 55 52 79 3206 SODALI Peter Ogden Tel: +44 (0)7793 858 211 ABOUT FRESNILLO PLC Fresnillo plc is the world's largest primary silver producer and Mexico's largest gold producer, listed on the London and Mexican Stock Exchanges under the symbol FRES. Fresnillo plc has eight operating mines, all of them in Mexico - Fresnillo, Saucito, Juanicipio, Ciénega, Herradura, Soledad-Dipolos 1 , Noche Buena and San Julián (Veins and Disseminated Ore Body) and four advanced exploration projects - Orisyvo, Rodeo, Guanajuato and Tajitos as well as a number of other long term exploration prospects. Fresnillo plc has mining concessions and exploration projects in Mexico, Peru and Chile. Fresnillo plc's goal is to maintain the Group's position as the world's largest primary silver company and Mexico's largest gold producer. 1 Operations at Soledad-Dipolos are currently suspended. FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS Information contained in this announcement may include 'forward-looking statements'. All statements other than statements of historical facts included herein, including, without limitation, those regarding the Fresnillo Group's intentions, beliefs or current expectations concerning, amongst other things, the Fresnillo Group's results of operations, financial position, liquidity, prospects, growth, strategies and the silver and gold industries are forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements involve risk and uncertainty because they relate to future events and circumstances. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and the actual results of the Fresnillo Group's operations, financial position and liquidity, and the development of the markets and the industry in which the Fresnillo Group operates, may differ materially from those described in, or suggested by, the forward-looking statements contained in this document. In addition, even if the results of operations, financial position and liquidity, and the development of the markets and the industry in which the Fresnillo Group operates are consistent with the forward-looking statements contained in this document, those results or developments may not be indicative of results or developments in subsequent periods. A number of factors could cause results and developments to differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements including, without limitation, general economic and business conditions, industry trends, competition, commodity prices, changes in regulation, currency fluctuations (including the US dollar and Mexican Peso exchanges rates), the Fresnillo Group's ability to recover its reserves or develop new reserves, including its ability to convert its resources into reserves and its mineral potential into resources or reserves, changes in its business strategy and political and economic uncertainty. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Fresnillo (FRES) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 43 minutes ago Taseko Mines Limited NPV (DI) 43 minutes ago Taseko Mines Limited NPV (DI) 43 minutes ago Xeros Technology Group 43 minutes ago Plus500 Ltd (DI) 44 minutes ago Capital for Colleagues plc All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and