FRESNILLO PLC
ANNUAL REPORT

RISING TO THE CHALLENGES,
MOVING FORWARD WITH
CONFIDENCE

wi

*AQ6BINOT*
01/06/2020 #
COMPANIES HOUSE

A GHALLENGING YEAR

Fresnillo plc is the world’s largest silver
producer and Mexico’s largest gold producer,
listed on the London and Mexican
stock exchanges.

OUR PURPOSE

Our Purpose is to contribute to the
wellbeing of people, through the
sustainable mining of silver and gold.

STRATEGIC REPORT CORPORATE GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
01 Performancehightights 108 Chairmanssetter 156 Independent auditors report 238 Consolidated audited mineral
02 Where we operate ‘on Governance 2019 109 Consolidated income statement resource statement
06 Chairman’sstatement 109 Ourapproach togovernance 170 Consolidated statement of 239 Consolidated ausited
10 Chief Executive's statement M12 The Boardof Directors comprehensiveincome ‘mineral resource statement
14 Marketsreview 116 Executive Committee 171 Consolidated balance sheet of exploration projects
16 Business mode! 117 Board leadership and purpose 172 Consolidated statement ‘and prospects
18 Relationships with key 120 Division of responsibilities of cash flows 240 Auditedore reserve statement
stakeholders 122 Composition, succession 173 Consolidated statement 241 Auditedore reserve statement
22 Ourstrategy andevaluation of changesinequity for Minera Juanicipio
24 Progress against our strategy 123 Nominations Committee report 174 Notes tothe consolidated 242 Operating statistics
30 Reviewot operations 126 Audit Committee report financial statements 244 Shareholderinformation
54 Financial review 136 Remunerationata glance 216 Parent company statement
66 Letter from the Chairman 138 Directors’ remuneration report of comprehensive income
ofthe HSECR 152 Directors’ report 217 Parent company balance sheet
67 Sustainability at thecore 155 Statementof Directors’ 218 Parent company statement
of our purpose responsibilities ofcash flows
88 Managing our risks 219 Parent company statement
and opportunities ‘ofchangesin equity
102 2019 Viability statement 220 Notes tothe parent company
‘and going concernstatement financial statements
104 Boaro's approach to stakeholder
engagement

104 Section 172 Companies statement,
107 Non-financial information
statement

O1 FRESNILLO PLC
ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2019

PERFORMANCE HIGHLIGHTS

Despite our failure to achieve our expected production volumes,
our commitment to delivering long-term benefits to the full range
of our stakeholders is undiminished, and Fresnillo remains a

SILVER PRODUCTION

04.6M01
11%

TOTAL ATTRIBUTABLE
SILVER RESOURCES

2,206.7M07

+2.4%

OPERATIONAL HIGHLIGHTS

Silver production of 54.6 moz (including
Silverstream) down 11.6%vs, 2018, driven
by the lower ore grades at Saucito,
Fresnillo and San Julién, both veins

and disseminated ore body.

Gold production of 875.9 koz down 5.1%
vs.2018 mainly due to the expected lower
production from Noche Buena and a lower
‘ore grade at San Julién Veins

Mine development at Juanicipio reached
cover 25 km, with ore from these activities
aswell as from the initial production stopes
set to be processed at the Fresnillo
beneficiation plant from June 2020,
Construction of the Juanicipio
beneficiation plant has been delayed
bysixmonths with commissioning now
expected in mid-2021

Construction of the Pyrites Plant (phase I!)
at Fresnillo made good progress,

“4.1%

“0.3%

GOLD PRODUCTION

878.9K07

TOTAL ATTRIBUTABLE
GOLD RESOURCES

39.0M02

compelling investment case.

(uss)

+124

GROSS PROFIT
(uss)

461.7"

~40.9%

‘The second phase of the beneficiation
plant optimisation at Fresnillo also
continued to progress.

Silver resources increased 2.4%; gold
resources remained stable at 39.0 moz
Silver reserves increased 1.7% reflecting
the recognition of reserves at Juanicipio
for the first time, offset by the decrease in
reserves at the underground silver mines.
Gold reserves decreased 16.0% mainly
due to the exclusion of reserves at Soledad
& Dipolos following the absence of an
agreement with the Ejido community, and
the exclusion of a number of benches at
Herradura resulting from the negative infill
drilling results and revised calculations.
We regret to report that two fatalities
occurred during 2019.

We began work on defining anew
programme to control costs and

increase productivity in 2H19.

1. Adjusted revenueis the revenue shown in the income statement adjusted to add back treatment and
‘refining costs and gold, lead and zinc hedging, The Company considers this useful additional measure
tohelp understand underlying factors driving revenue in terms of volumes sold and realised prices. The
‘reconciliation of Adjusted revenue to Revenue as shown in the income statement is provided on page 56.

2 Eamings before interest. taxes, depreciation and amortisation (EBITDA) is calculated as gross profit plus
depreciation less administrative seling and exploration expenses.

The reconciliation of EBITDA to amounts determined in accordance with IFRS can be found on page 61

3. Cashand other liquid funds are disclosed in note 30(c) to the consolidated financial statements.

ADJUSTED REVENUE’

2,270.2"

EBITDA?
(uss)

O74.0M
26.0%

PROFIT FROM CONTINUING
OPERATIONS (USS)

71.7

06.1%

FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS

Adjusted revenue! of US$2,2702 million,
up 12% over 2018 due to higher gold
and silver prices partially offset by lower
precious metals production.

Gross profit of US$4617 million, down
40.9% mainly due to higher production
costs and depreciation; EBITDA? of
US$674.0 million, down 26.3%,

Profit from continuing operations before
net finance costs and income tax of
USSI717 million, down 66.1%.

Capex of US$5593 million, down 16.4%
primarily due to the commissioning of
several projects in 2018, including the
Pyrites Plant at Saucito and the dynamic
leaching plant at Herradura.

Dividends of US$142.2 million paid, down
52.3% mainly due to lower profits for

the period, in accordance with our
dividend policy.

Strong balance sheet and low leverage
ratio; cash and other liquid funds? of
US$336.6 million, down 40.0% mainly due
to the high level of capex and dividends
albeit being lower 16.4% and 523%
respectively vs. 2018.

Find out more online at www.fresnillopic.com

SIN3WALVISTVIONWNIS — JONVNYZAOD SLVYOdOD 4uOd3y DIDaLVaAS

NOLLWWYOSNI TYNOILIGaY

0? FRESNILLO PLC
ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2019

WHERE WE OPERATE

Our core operations are in Mexico, a country with significant geological
resources, strong potential for continued growth, a skilled workforce and
solid infrastructure, and a mining history extending more than 500 years.

In total, Fresnillo plc has mining concessions covering approximately
1.7 million hectares in Mexico, providing some 17,927 jobs and adding
around USS$1,752 million’ to the Mexican economy each year.

ADVANCED EXPLORATION DEVELOPMENT OPERATING
PROJECTS PROJECTS MINES
See pages 30-34, See pages 35-37. See pages 38-53.

1 Economic Value Distributed. This is considered to be a social performance measure. For more detail see page 17

(@) FRESNILLO PLC

ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2019

KEY ASSETS

Asset Type Main metal Reserves(Silver)*_Reserves (Gold)? Year!
OPERATING MINES.

1 Fresnillo Underground Silver primary 149.3 moz 483 koz 1554
2 Saucito Underground Silver primary 119.7 moz 500 koz 2001
3 Ciénega Underground Gold/Silver 38.6moz 368 koz 1992
3. SanRamén(Ciénega satellite) Underground Gold/Silver Reported as part of Cienega 2012
3. Las Casas, Cebollitas Cluster Underground Silver/Gold Reported as part of Ciénega 2019
4 Herradura Open pit Gold 6,679 koz 197
5 Soledad-Dipolos? Open pit Gold Excluded in 2019 2010
6 Noche Buena Open pit Gold 493 koz 2012
7 San Julién Underground Silver primary 90.1moz 287 koz 2016

1 Represents start of commercial production.

2 Operations st Soledad-Dipolos are currently suspended.

3 Asof 31May 2019,

Read more in our Review of Operations
on pages 38-53.

DEVELOPMENT PROJECTS
8 Second stage of the Facility to process historicaland ongoing tailings For more detailon the Pyrites Plant
pyrites treatment plant from Fresnillo to increase metal recovery rates. Project see page 35.

Annual total production, including Saucite tailings,
expected to average 3.5 moz silver and 13 koz gold
once operating at full capacity.

8 Optimisation of the
Fresnillo benef

Project at the Fresnillo mine to process the
higher lead and zinc grade at depth.

For more detailon the project to optimise
the beneficiation plant see page 36.

9 Juanicipio

Silver project in the Fresnillo District,
Annual total production expected to
average 117 moz silver and 43 koz of gold,

For more detail on the Juanicipio
project see page 37.

Asset Main metal Resources (Silver)'_ Resources (Gold)'
EXPLORATION PROJECTS AND PROSPECTS
10 Centauro Deep Gold 2.2moz
Indicated &inferred gold resources.
11 Centauro Pit Expansion as part of Herradura Gold 9.8 moz
Measured, indicated &inferred
gold resources,
12 Orisyvo Gold 12.3 moz 9.6 moz
13 Guanajuato Silver/Gold 88.9 moz 14moz
14 Rodeo Gold 11.5 moz 12 moz
15 Tajitos Gold 530.0 koz
1 Asof31May2019, For more on our exploration projects

and prospects see pages 30-34,

Inaddition we have many further early stage projects and prospects located in Mexico, Peruand Chile.

EXPECTED DELIVERY OF GROWTH

RISK MANAGEMENT FRAMEWORK
We identify, monitor and mitigate the principal and emerging risks that could
affect the Company's ability to deliver on its business model and strategic priorities.

‘See our Risk Reporton pages 88-103.

SINSW3IVISTVIONYNIS —-3DNVNYBAOD 3LvYOd4OD AuOdad DIDTLVULS

NOLWWYOJNITWNOILIGAV

O04 FRESNILLO PLC
ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2019

The last 18 months have seen us fail to reach the high standards
of operational performance consistently achieved since the
IPO in 2008 - and which stakeholders have every right to expect
from us, year after year.

Production did not improve as anticipated, due to a combination
of challenges, including narrower veins, deeper mining and greater
dilution. We understand the reasons for stakeholder concerns,
share their frustrations and are committed to restoring their
confidence - not just with words of reassurance, but with
renewed determination and action.

O

FRESNILLO PLC
ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2019

Although improvement will not happen overnight, we have already
introduced a number of initiatives designed to raise production.
These are outlined in greater detail elsewhere in this Report,
specifically on pages 10-13 and 38-53.

They include: infrastructure Our aimis to operate all mines at full
improvements, such as a customised capacity and with maximum efficiency.
tunnel boring machine, deeper shafts and ‘These are early days - but the signs are
more efficient processing plants; new positive and we expect our improvement
technology including semi-automatic plan to begin delivering results through
drilling and a new communications system; 2020 and beyond.

greater focus on equipment maintenance
to improve availability; more robust
operational practices to achieve ore
quality aligned with our geological model:
enhanced dilution control; and improved
cost management.

SLNAWBIVISTVIONVNIS —- JONYNY3AOD SLVHOdOD 4uOdae DID3LVELS

NOLWWYOSNITWNOILIGOY

6) FRESNILLO PLC

ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2019 + *

CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT

ADDRESSING QUA OPERATIONAL SETBACKS,
REAFFIRMING OUR COMMITMENT.

In many respects, this has been a disappointing
year. We have failed to achieve our expected
production volumes and the improvement
inour health and safety record has proved
elusive, These matters are discussed below

cor elsewhere in this Annual Report.

However itisimportant to reiterate that our
commitment to delivering long-term benefits
toall of our stakeholders remains undiminished.
Indeed, this commitment was formalised
during the year through the definition and
approval of our Purpose, in line with the
requirements of the new UK Corporate
Governance Code, as we promised in last
year'sannual report,

A CHALLENGING YEAR FOR

OUR OPERATIONS

Unfortunately, our efforts to address a
numberof the key issues that have been
holding back production did not deliver the
anticipated outcomes, particularly in the first
half of the year at our Fresnillo, San Julién and
Herradura mines

During the year we experienced unexpectedly
lowore grades and production, delays to
infrastructure projects, shortfalls in contractor
performance, higher costs and ineffective
‘maintenance, among other issues. In the face
of these challenges, our response has been to
increase the pace and scale of investmentsin
a series of projects and take corrective actions
to bring production back to acceptable levels
inthe short-term, and to achieve steady
growth in future years.

These projects include: the appointment of
new teams at Fresnillo and Saucito; significant
investment in development works at Fresnillo,
specifically in one of the first tunnel boring
machines of its kind in the world as well as new
equipment and technologies; the deepening
of hoisting shafts at Fresnillo and Saucito to
access deeper reserves; the expansion of the
flotation plant at Fresnillo to treat higher lead
and zinc grades; and the tailings treatment/
pyrite flotation plant at Fresnillo,

Production sawa gradual improvement in the
second half of the year, largely due to these
actions. In addition, the commissioning in Q3
2019 of a new leaching pad at Herradura is
already leading to faster gold recovery.

I would also like to highlight that during 2019
the Board approved our next new mine, at
Juanicipio. Construction has commenced
and mine development already stands at over
25 kms of underground workings, and we
expect the first production stope to be fully
prepared by 3Q 2020. After careful analysis,
we have made minor adjustments to the
project. For example, construction of the
beneficiation plantis now expected in
mid-2021 and capex has been increased
from US$395 million to US$440 million.
However, material from development and
initial production stopes will be processed at
the Fresnillo beneficiation plant from June
2020. 2019 was the first year in which we have
recognised reserves at Juanicipio, confirming
our belief that this will be an exceptionally
high grade mine with the potential to be

the foundation for growth in future years.

The Chief Executive Officer provides greater
detail on these projects on pages 10-13,

FRESNILLO PLC

O07 ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2019

FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE

The year saw production decrease due to

a range of challenges. Fresnillo generated
$2,270.2 million in adjusted revenue, up 1.2%
due to higher precious metal prices. Net
Profit decreased 41.2% year-on-year mainly
due to higher costs, while cash and other
liquid funds fell by $2242 million to $336.6
million primarily due to capexinvestments
in new projects.

Further detail on the financial results is
provided on pages 54-63.

ARTICULATING OUR PURPOSE

Our Purpose is to contribute to the wellbeing
of people, through the sustainable mining of
silver and gold.

Linking and strengthening our Vision
and Values, our Purpose articulates our
contribution to society at large and how

we will continue to prosper over time - in
financial terms and through the positive
contribution we make to local communities
and the lives of people in Mexico and beyond

Mining can be a major force for good, but
‘only when it is carried out sustainably and for
the benefit of all. We aim to satisfy current
demand for our precious metals, which are
important investment assets as well as being
essential to many industrial products such as
medical equipment. solar panels and mobile
phones, among others.

At the same time, we are continuing to
develop increasingly sophisticated and
sustainable mining practices that will create
greater efficiency and healthier, safer work
environments.

This twin-track approach will ensure our
‘ongoing sustainability asa business, underpin
cour long-term ability to deliver growth and
returns, continue to create employment and
help us win recognition asa positive influence
forall our stakeholders local communities
and shareholders, our workforce, customers
and suppliers as well as governments.

HOW WE ARE REALISING

OUR PURPOSE

Our Purpose expresses our commitment
to the wellbeing of all stakeholders; | will
outline how we delivered benefits for our
key stakeholder groups during the year:

Shareholders

‘Our operational performance inevitably led
toadjustments in our production forecasts,
assituation that | know has been frustrating
forinvestors and analysts. While | share their
concerns, |am confident that the measures
now in place are already providing greater
certainty and better results, and will continue
todo soin the future.

Our dividend policy remains unchanged,
We aim to pay out 33-50% of profit after tax
‘each year, while making certain adjustments
toexclude non-cash effects in theincome
statement. Dividends are paid in the
approximate ratio of one-third as an interim
dividend and two-thirds as a final dividend,
Before declaring a dividend, the Board carries
outa detailed analysis of the profitability of
the business, underlying earnings, capital
requirements and cash flow. Our aim is to
maintain enough flexibility to be able to react
tomovements in precious metals prices and
seize attractive business opportunities.

We declared an interim dividend of 2.6 US
cents per share, with a final dividend of 11.9 US
cents per share, bringing the total for the year
to 14.5 US cents per share.

Employees and contractors

Our people are the bedrock of our business.
We depend on their skills and hard work for
each and every ounce of precious metal we
recover from the earth -and we owe them
the very highest standards of health and
safety. Thisis an area that still requires more
focus, cultural change and investment. We
regret that two people lost their lives while
working at our facilities during the year. Our
thoughts and prayers are with the families and
friends who lost loved ones.

Our response has been to step up the
implementation of our Care, We Core’
programme. This has already had an impact
at the mines where itis in operation, and it will
soon be part of everyday working practices
across the Group.

SLN3W3IVISVIONVNIS —- SONVNYBAOD ALVYOdYOD Adoday D103LVuLS

NOLLWWYONI TYNOILIGOV

O FRESNILLO PLC

ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2019

Inaddition to high standards of health and
safety, our people also deserve the best in
training and development. During the year,
we provided 120 hours of such support to
individuals, helping them build their skills,
improve their earnings and access all the
advantages of long-term careers. In ight

of the ongoing skills shortages across our
industry, we continued to forge strong
relationships with leading universities and

the top earth science institutionsin Mexico.
Inaddition, we have reviewed our recruitment
processes to ensure that they maximise the
potential of women. Our recruitment of
interns and Engineers in Training demonstrate
good progress regarding improved diversity,
with the percentage of women in these roles
increasing from 27.02% in 2018 to 34.84%
in2019.

Working practices in the Group are
characterised by a spirit of partnership and
mutual respect, and this was instrumentalin
the agreement by our unionised employees
at the Fresnillo mine to introduce Sunday
working. Once fully implemented in 2020,
this will give us an additional 52 days of

ore extraction. | would like to reaffirm my
appreciation of the hard work and expertise
which our teams bring to their work, at every
mine and no matter whether they are
employees or contractors.

Local communities
As well as providing much needed
employment, our mines play important roles
in the lives of local people and their families
We rely on local communities for labour

and for the general goodwill that helps us
maintain our licence to operate - and in
return, we invest ina wide range of locally-
based programmes. The ultimate aim

isto support the creation of sustainable
businesses that can prosper without

relying exclusively on mining operations.

CHAIRMAN’‘S STATEMENT
CONTINUED

Consultationis a key element of our
community partnerships, never more so
thanin the early days of a mining project.

The Mexican administration has recently
emphasised the vital role that consultation
with indigenous people has in the permitting
process for mines. We fully support this
stance and believe that the experiences we
have gained in recent years will stand us in
good stead for the challenges ahead.

Children are a particular focus for our
community activities, and during 2019, 8700
children benefited from ourlong-established
Picando Letras’ programme, which aims to
encourage reading. We also continue to offer
“Health Weeks’ to local people, and in 2019
‘over 10,500 individuals benefited from high
quality health advice and practical support
that they would otherwise not have been able
toaccess.

Environmental impact
As our Purpose makes clear, we are a business
that aims to serve humanity for decades
tocome. While extractive industries can
impact the availability of resources for future
generations, we are committed to developing
sustainable mining practices which enable us
to contribute to the wellbeing of people while
having minimum impact on the environment

Our climate commitment increases energy
efficiency and reduces greenhouse gas
emissions. Our drive to increase the use of
wind power and innovative dual fuel vehictes
prepares the company fora transition to
alow carbon future, while also cutting costs.
These are concrete examples of how we are
‘embedding sustainability in the DNA of our
company.

You can read more about these initiatives and
others on pages 66-87

BOARD ACTIVITIES

As report in my introduction to the
Governance section on page 108, this has
been a busy year for the Board. In addition
to carrying out our regular activities, we have
invested considerable time and expertise
in understanding and responding tonew
regulatory requirements. The new UK
Corporate Governance Code and the
Companies Miscellaneous (Reporting)
Regulations both came into effect on

1 January 2019.

Iwish to emphasise here the Board's focus on
stakeholder engagement, and in particular
workforce engagement, in ine with the new
Code. During the year, the Board assigned the
responsibilty for overseeing our workforce
engagement to Arturo Femandez. We also
considered our approach and processes
towards stakeholder input into decision-
making processes, ensuring the Board's
continued compliance with Section 172,

As constituents of the FTSE Index. we have
always adopted the highest standards of
corporate governance and believe that the
newand revised regulations will have a
significant impact on the drive to restore
public trust in business. Executive pay is an
important element in trust. and | was pleased
that 99% of votes cast at the AGM were in
favour of our policy, endorsing our approach
to executive remuneration

Ouraimis for our culture to foster the
necessary mindset and behaviours to deliver
onour commitment to the sustainable mining
of silver and gold. This culture must embrace
ethics and safety, while also driving innovation
and operational excellence to enhance
productivity, reduce costs and decrease our
environmental footprint. During the year,

the Board again provided master classes and
online training modules for teams across the
business, helping them to understand our
Purpose, to engage with our culture and to
live our Values of Responsibility, Integrity,
Trust and Loyalty. The Board has committed
to placing even greater focus on our culture
in the year ahead.

O FRESNILLO PLC

ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2019

CHANGES TO THE BOARD

Following Jaime Serra Puche’s resignation at
the 2019 AGM, we were pleased to welcome
Luis Robles to the Board, as an Independent
Non-executive Director, A former chairman
of the largest bank in Mexico, BBVA
Bancomer, Luis brings valuable experience
and expertise to his role. During his career in
the banking and financial sectors, he served
onvarious national and international
associations, including as chairman of the
Latin American Banking Federation from
2010 to 2012, as well as various roles in

the Mexican Banking Association and

as chairman from 2014 to 2017. Luis is
amember of both our Audit and
Remuneration Committees

‘The Board considers that its composition has
the appropriate balance of skills, experience
and gender to oversee the performance of
the executive team and the development of
long-term strategy.

OUTLOOK
During the last six months of the year we
sawa gradual upturn in production, as the
projects and initiatives | have outlined began
to feed through into results. | expect this
trend to continue, with the year ahead being
characterised by greater stability. However,
significant improvements will not be seen
until 2021.

Despite the operational setbacks of 2019,
Ihave confidence in the Group's underlying
strengths, in our strategy and teams, in our
culture and behaviour, and in our ability to
make valuable contributions to the wellbeing
of all ourstakeholders.

| would like to place on record my thanks to
Board members for their support, and also
to pay tribute to the senior management
team, which has worked hard to address
the year's challenges

Alberto Bailléres
Non-executive Chairman

SIN3WALVIS WWIONVNIS == SDNVNY3AOD 3LVYOdYOD A¥Oday D1DaLVULS

NOILWWYOSNI TVNOILIGAV

FRESNILLO PLC

10

ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2019

CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S STATEMENT

RISING TO CHALLENGES,
MOVING FORWARD WITH CONFIDENCE.

2019 was year when several negative factors
combined to drive down the performance

of our mines and caused us to revise our
guidance to the markets.

We fell short of the high mine planning and
operational execution standards that we

have come to expect from our teams, and this,
contributed to lower ore grades and tonnages
than anticipated. Delays to infrastructure
projects, poor contractor performance,
higher costs, new regulatory pressures in
Mexico and fow equipment availability were
significant challenges faced during the year.

None of these challenges is insurmountable
inits own right - but what marks 2019 as an
unusual year is that they coincided at several
operations, indicating systemic failures that
are now being addressed,

Having realised that we were going to miss
ourtarget for silver production, we revised
‘our guidance in Q2 2019 and introduced
extensive corrective measures. Inevitably,
itis taking time for these measures tohave
the desired effect and our overall operating
performance for this year has therefore been
adversely impacted. We expect production
to stabilise in 2020, with results improving
during 202%.

In addition, although gold production was
within the guidance provided at the Capital
Markets Day in December, we failed to reach
the revised target we had communicated in
August, of 880-910 koz, This was primarily
due to delays in the construction of the

13th leaching pad at Herradura, We had no
alternative but to deposit ore at the top of
existing pads, and this led toa slower recovery
than initially forecast. Furthermore, the
project to implement a Carbon-in-Column
process at Noche Buena to increase gold
recovery was delayed, While this was
successfully concluded later in 2019,

it contributed to further decrease gold
production against expectation.

PRODUCTION HIGHLIGHTS

AND PRICE REVIEW

In short total silver production fell by 11.6%
t0.54.6moz. At the Fresnillo mine, this was
primarily due to decreasing vein width,
increased dilution and greater ore variability,
contractor underperformance and the need
for additional infrastructure as we extend the
mine to greater depths. Ore grade variability
was alsoa factorin performance at Saucito
and San Julian, together with narrower veins
at Saucito.

Gold production of 875.9 koz was down more
than expected compared to 2018 driven by
the an