_—™~ Company No. 06344120

FRESNILLO.

SHAPING OUR BUSINESS FOR THE

CHALLENGES
AND OPPORTUNITIES

*AE303DTU*

A07 30/05/2025 #125
COMPANIES HOUSE

Fresnillo plc | Annual Report and Accounts 2024

WE ARE THE WORLD'S
LARGEST SILVER PRODUCER
AND MEXICO'S LARGEST

GOLD PRODUCER.

Our purpose is to contribute to the
ing af nenple thraugh the
sustainable mining of silver and gold.

wellhel

It springs directly from how we operate as

a business. It guides everything we do and
how we do it, and ensures that we deliver

for all our stakeholders, including our teams,
shareholders, local communities, supplicrs;
the authorities and the environment.

STRATEGIC REPORT CORPORATE GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS.
Performance highlights 1 The Chairman's letter on Governance 2024 144 Independent auditor's report 9
Where we operate 2 Governance at aglance 146 Consolidated income statement 22
Chairman's statement 4 Board of Directors 148 Consolidated staternent
Chief Executive's statement 8 Executive Committee 152 of comprehensive income 23
Business model 12 UK Corporate Governance code Consolidated balance shest 24
Oursvategy 14 compliance statement 13 Consolidated statement of cash flaws 215
Our markets 39 Board leadership and Company purpose 184 Consolidated statement of changes inequity 216
Surstavenoiders s5 Boatd roles and responsibilities 158 Notes to the consolidated financial statements __217
Section Y72 statement 3 Board performance evaluation 160 Parent Company balance sheet 2a
Workforce engagement Jo Nominations Committee report 161 Parent Company statement of cash flows 262
Radewol operstone “j1 Audit Committee report 165 Parent Company statement of

once 7g shangesin equity 263
Financial vevew 5 Director's Remuneration report shacgesin ety —

se rectors ne jotes to the Parent Company
Letter from the Chakman Fresnillo ple directors report 2024 134 Notes to the Parent 266
ofthe HSECR Committee $8 Statement of Directors responsibilities 198 -
inability at th 7 Purpose

Sustninabity af the core of ox Pus 2 ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
independent prectitioner's assurance report aa Consolidated audited mineral resource statement
Managing our risks and opportunities, 76 for underground operational properties 282
2024 Long-term viability statement 39 Consolidated auaited mineral resource
Going concern statement ual statement for Sonora properties 283
Non-financial information statement 42 Consolidated audited mineral

Ko

FRESNO;

Find out more about us. Download our
Annual Report at www.fresnillopic.com

resource statemnent of exploration

projects and prospects 284
Consolidated audited ore reserve statement

for underground operational properties 285
Consolidated audited ore reserve statement

for Sonora properties 286
‘Audited mineral resource for

the Juanicipio property 286
Audited ore reserves for the

Juanicipio property 287
Operating statistics 288
Shareholder information 230

PERFORMANCE HIGHLIGHTS

OPERATIONAL HIGHLIGHTS

2024 saw solid production, highlighting our efforts to drive consistency and
resilience across our portfolio. Improved cost performance and increased metals
prices contributed to strong profitability in the year.

aoueUsar05 | yoday >16a,e235,

Attributable gold production Attributable gold resources Attributable gold reserves
631.6 koz saa 38.5 moz sia 7.2.moz +254
See pages 18-19 See pages 16-17 See pages 18-19 n
z
Attributable silver production Attributable silver Attributable silver 2
(Silverstream) resources reserves S
g
@
56.3 moz +0.04 2,250.5 moZ = +1.4% 331 m) moz 7% 8
See pages 18-19 See page 16-17 See pages 18-19 °
Electricity supply from renewable sources z
2
80.6% i
Uh 2023: 53.3% a
See pages 18-19 3
3
Eas
FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS s
Revenue Adjusted revenue’ Adjusted production costs?
ust 496.4m 2 US$3,639.9m +20 US$1,582.2m 201
3.4964 36599 15622
CE 2.7051 bos pry 16241
Cost of sales Gross pat EBITDA?
US$2,250.1m 2m US$1,246.3m x17 US$1,547.3m +1360:
FC 2250.1 Ee 1266.5 8473
FE 22016
Basic and diluted earnings per share,
Profit from continuing operations excluding post-tax Silverstream effects
US$945.8m asian US$36.4cents 110
9458 a 0364 ‘S) For more information
1 Adjusted revenue is the revenue shown in the income statement adjusted to add back treatment and refining costs and gold, lead and zinc hedging. The Company i
considers this a useful additional measure to help understand underlying factors driving revenue in terms of volumes sold and realised prices. The reconciliation of o
‘Adjusted revenue to revenue as shown in the income statement is provided on page 52 Hy
2. Adjusted production costs are calculated as cost of sales less depreciation, profit sharing, hedging, change in inventories and unproductive costs. The Company =
considers this a useful additional measure to help understand underlying factors driving production costs in terms of the different stages involved in the mining and 3
plant processes, including efficiencies and inefficiencies as the case may be, and other factors outside the Company's control such as cost inflation or changes in a
3. Cornings before interest taxes depreciation and amortisation (EBITDA is calculated 2s gross profit pus depreciation less administrative, sling and exploration 3

expenses. The reconciliation of EBITDA to amounts determined in accordance with IFRS can be found on page 5S.

WHERE WE OPERATE

Based in Mexico, Fresnillo draws on the country’s significant geological
resources and strong potential for continued growth. We benefit from
Mexico's skilled workforce and solid infrastructure and we are proud

to continue playing an important part in a rich mining tradition that
stretches back more than 500 years.

ple Annual Report and Accounts 2024

Annual contribution to
Mexico's economy

uss2,152.5'n

Total workforce

18,095

Approximate mining concessions

1.6m na

&
2
iv

KEY ASSETS

Operating mines

Main Reserves Reserves Mine
Asset Ownership Type metal EBITDA _(Silver)* (Gold)* Year? life
@O Fresnitlo 100% Underground Silver primary US$2295m ~—-104S moz 263koz «1884 59
Fresnillo ple years
100% 62
@O saucito Freenillo ple Underground Silver primary US$3629m M6 moz 51S koz 2on Venn
. 56% Fresnillo ple 78
© 3uanicipio ene ene Underground Silver primary US$441,1m 739 moz Sz7koz 2022 years
a 100% 28
© san sulin Freenillo ple Underground Silver primary US$2I7Z4m 276 moz kor —-2016 years
, 100% 28
@ cienega Fresnillo ple Underground Gold/sitver  US$79.0m 138 moz 122 koz 1992 years
100% 34
© Herradura Fresnilo ple Open pit Gold US$3220m 5680koz 1997 years
‘polos? -

@ soledad-vipotos? 90% ple Open pit Gold Excluded in2024 2010

100%

© Noche Buena Frecnillo ple Open pit Gold US$4.2m - 2012 -

Total economic impact. This is considered to be a social performance measure. For more details see page 102
Represents start of commercial production.

Operations at Soledad-Dipolos are currently suspended.

‘Sof 30 June 2024.

RUNS

Asset Main metal Resources (Silver)* Resources (Gold)*
© oriswo Gold 127 moz 9575 koz
© cuanajuato Sitver/Gold 3709 moz 3249 koz
@ Redeo Gold 153moz 1414 koz
@ tajitos Gold 1041 koz

S ASof3I December 2024.

In addition, we have many further early stage projects and prospects located in Mexico, Peru and Chile.

e) For more on our exploration projects

and prospects see pages 46-50

OUR LOCATIONS

@ Mining operations
© Advanced exploration

USA
Herradura Noche Buena
@
360.6 koz 20.9 koz rico
Gold produced in 2024 Gold produced in 2024
San Julian

15.9 moz

Silver equivalent’
produced in 2024

OrisyVO)
District)

Fresnillo

16.4 moz

Silver equivalent’
produced in 2024

Ciénega

8.0 moz

Silver equivalent’
produced in 2024

io Saucito
12.1 moz == 21.1 moz
Silver equivalent’ Silver equivalent

produced in 2024 produced in 2024

1 Au:Ag ratio of 180,

| aouewianog | uoday s16ayeNs

ppy | squawayeis jepueuly

uoReWo}Ul jeu

Woo'ojdojjusay mmm

Fresnillo ple Annual Report and Accounts 2024

CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT
ALEJANDRO BAILLERES

SHAPING OUR BUSINESS
FOR THE OPPORTUNITIES
AND CHALLENGES AHEAD

This year we delivered

a welcome increase in
profitability as our positive
production performance
was complemented

by high silver and gold
prices. While we expect to
continue facing challenges
in the years ahead, the
encouraging attitude
towards mining shown

by the new administration
in Mexico, coupled with our

own operational efficiencies

and exciting project
pipeline, are sources
for cautious optimism.

Throughout our history, Fresnillo ple
has proudly built a track record of
managing the setbacks associated
with mining and weathering storms
not of our own making. Never was that
resilience more relevant than in 2024,
when our teams rose to the production
challenges posed by rising costs and a
range of operational issues, including
decreasing ore grades. In addition, the
possibility of greater regulation and

@ political climate not well disposed
towards mining cast a shadow over
our industry.

To have achieved the results outlined in
this report is little short of outstanding,
and ! would like to pay tribute to the
management and operating teams
who worked hard to ensure that we
delivered an excellent performance
that repays the trust and support

that all our stakeholders have placed

in our company.

GG

Throughout our history,
Fresnillo pic has proudly
built a track record of
managing the setbacks

associated with mining
and weathering storms
not of our own making.”

Steady production

despite difficulties

Silver production was in line with our
guidance for the year, while production
of gold was marginally above the top
end of guidance. Key factors affecting
silver production included good
performances at San Julian Veins,
Saucito and Juanicipio, which helped
to offset lower output at San Julian
DOB and Fresnillo. Gold production
rose on the back of a strong increase
in production at Fresnillo, Saucito
and San Julian Veins, as well as an
effective turnaround at La Herradura
following heavy rains and changes to
the mine sequence.

‘The cost reductions and operational
efficiencies we have introduced in
our mines are yielding results in line
with - or in some cases ahead of - our
expectations. Perhaps the greatest
example of turnaround has been at
Ciénega, where both performance and
prospects have been transformed. At
the start of the year we believed that
the mine had only a limited future,
but the situation today could not be

more different due to the successful
execution of a high-quality plan. We
have seen excellent results and positive
cash flow, with exploration activities
opening up new areas that have the
potential to contribute to production

in both the short and long term.

We achieved US$3,639.9 million in
Adjusted revenue during the year.
This represented an increase of 26.9%,
primarily due to the increase in silver
and gold prices, supported by our
positive production performance,
which represented 19.2% of the increase.
Gross profit more than doubled, with
an increase of 147.7% year-on-year

to US$1,2463 million, mainly driven

by higher Adjusted revenue and
decreased costs, primarily due to cost
reduction initiatives and efficiencies
and, to a lesser degree, by the effect
of a weaker Mexican peso vs US dollar
exchange rate. These factors partially
offset inflationary headwinds during
the year. Cash and other liquid funds
increased from US$534.6 million to
US$1,2978 million primarily driven

by cash generated from our mining

operations, which more than offset the
use of funds in capital expenditure and
dividend payments. Please see pages
51-57 for further details on our financial
performance.

Our well-established and respected
dividend policy, which is the basis

for continued shareholder returns,
remains unchanged. We aim to pay
out 33-50% of profit after tax each year,
while making certain adjustments

to exclude non-cash effects in the
income staternent. Dividends are paid
in the approximate ratio of one-third
asan interim dividend and two-thirds
as a final dividend. Before declaring

a dividend, the Board carries out 6
detailed analysis of the profitability

of the business, underlying earnings,
capital requirements and cash flow. Our
goal is to maintain enough flexibility
to be able to react to movements

in precious metals prices and seize
attractive business opportunities.

For 2024, we declared an interim
ordinary dividend of 6.4 US cents per
share, with a final ordinary dividend
of 26] US cents per share, bringing
the total for the year to 325 US cents
per share.

Following a comprehensive review
of the Group's financial position, its
strong balance sheet, and in light of

the positive free cash flow that we are
expecting to generate in the coming
years, we have decided to declare a one-
off special dividend of 41.8 US cents per
share, payable at the same time as the
2024 final ordinary dividend.

Achanging political climate

We anticipate 2 more positive approach
to mining from the team working under
President Claudia Sheinbaum, given
their increased focus on dialogue which
bodes well for the future. Our belief and
expectations are that we can now look
forward to a more supportive business
environment - one that will provide

greater certainty over future mining
concessions, while also helping us to
achieve our ambitious targets around
the use of renewable energy.

Preparing for the future

In addition to ongoing operational
efficiencies, we anticipate that we

will begin to reap the rewards of our
exploration pipeline in the near future.
Although Orisyvo may take longer
than initially expected to become an
operational mine, we have made good
progress at Rodeo and Tajitos, as well as
at Guanajuato, where the discovery of
significant silver-rich veins is giving rise
to optimistic forecasts.

We continue to invest in exploration
activities across Mexico, notably on
brownfield sites, as well as in South
America. In Chile, we have progressed
a joint venture with a local company,
while in Peru we have begun drilling
at several of our projects. At the same
time, we are constantly identifying and
evaluating good projects and M&A
opportunities in Mexico and in other
mining jurisdictions, such as Canada,
where we see potential for acquiring
late-stage exploration projects to
complement our existing portfolio.

Ina rapidly evolving world, sustainability
remains central to how we create
long-term value for our stakeholders.
We believe that caring for society and
the environment enhances, rather

than detracts from profitability; and
that by focusing on the challenges

and opportunities most material to

our business and the regions where

we operate, we will be able to align our
strategic goals to create meaningful,
lasting and beneficial impact for society
and the environment, as well as for

our business.

The wellbeing of our workforce is the
cornerstone of any sustainable future,
and | am pleased to note that our
underlying safety metrics again showed
improvement. Performance at several
of our mines is at or close to being
within the ranges of the International
Council on Mining and Metal (ICMM)
safety indexes. However, the fact that
we experienced the fatalities of two
contractors during the year shows that
we must do better.

We have continued to make advances
in sustainability matters that are

critical to our business and underline
‘our commitment to be a responsible
corporate citizen. For example, we

have made significant progress in
increasing our renewable electricity
consumption and replacing freshwater
with municipal treated wastewater in
our industrial processes. Furthermore,
we strengthened partnerships with the
government through our contribution
to the 2024-2030 National Water Plan,
supporting the human right to water
with a voluntary annual return of 300,000
m3 and a US$7 million investment in
water treatment and potabilisation
projects in the Fresnillo district.

One of the key challenges we face is
around the operating environment

in Mexico. As | have mentioned

above, the early indicators of the

new government's approach are
broadly positive and | look forward to
collaborating with them to ensure that
the work we carry out at Fresnillo pic
benefits all our stakeholders, including
the people and economy of Mexico.

yodeay 216a)e5

aoueuianon — |

squawayeys je/oueUl4

UoeWojU| |euORIPpY

Fresnillo ple Annual Report and Accounts 2024

— $§-

CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT continueo

Board activities

During our regular meetings, the Board
discussed a wide range of matters
including operational efficiencies as well
as how possible political developments
could impact the business, as the
election drew closer.

Three key themes guided our
deliberations during the year. The
theme of 'Re-balancing Focus’
demonstrated our recognition that
Board members should have a full

and detailed understanding of how
Fresnillo plc works as well as the
challenges and opportunities we face.
To this end, the key Board event of the
year was a three-day visit to Mexico in
July when members gained valuable
knowledge of the mines at Saucito and
Juanicipio and held two days of strategy
discussions with the Executive Team.

‘Managing Succession’ was our second
important theme. As | report below, the
Board underwent a number of changes
at the 2024 AGM and this process will
continue, although to a lesser extent,

at the 2025 AGM

Finally, we focused on ‘Reconnecting’ in
order to identify the most appropriate
balance between online and in-person
meetings. When we come together in
person, for example at the meeting in
July, we are able to forge and enhance
vital personal relationships that will
benefit the Board when it holds
meetings online

Changes to the Board
The AGM in May saw a number of
changes to the Board.

Bérbara Garza Lagiera stepped down
having served as an independent NED
for ten years. Charlie Jacobs also ceased
to be an independent NED, and Senior
Independent Director, but remains on
the Board as a Non-Independent NED,
while Juan Bordes did not stand for
re-election and therefore ceased to be
a Director. | would like to thank all three
for their past service and | look forward
to continuing to work with Charlie in
the years ahead,

We were pleased to appoint Judith
Macgregor as Senior Independent
Oirector, and also Ms Luz Adriana
Ramirez and Ms Rosa Vazquez as
Independent Non-Executive Directors.
In addition, Georgina Kessel and
Guadalupe de la Vega were appointed
as members of the Nominations
Committee in place of Barbara Garza
Laguera and Charlie Jacobs.

The Board and | believe that these
appointments will underpin the
excellent progress we have made
towards benefiting from a talented,
diverse Board of Directors

Outlook

We expect global geopolitics to
continue dominating the months
ahead, with the ongoing wars in
Ukraine and the Middle East adding
to the possibility of increased tensions
between the US and China, as well
as greater protectionism following
the recent election in the US. We will
continue to monitor developments
and, where practicable, shape our
business to meet any challenges and
opportunities that emerge.

Closer to home, we anticipate that
a more business-friendly climate
will begin to have an impact during
the latter months of 2025 and in the
following years.

The operational efficiencies initiated
by our teams led to a good production
performance in 2024 and | expect this
to also be the case in 2025, with steady
profitability underpinned by continued
high prices for silver and gold

The longer-term outlook is encouraging
We anticipate that at least one of the
prospects in our exploration pipeline
will join our development portfolio in
the coming two to three years, and
expect our investments in exploration
in Mexico, Chile and Peru to also make
good progress.

As always, our efforts will be guided
by our Purpose ‘to contribute to

the wellbeing of people through

the sustainable mining of silver and
gold’ and will be delivered by skilled,
dedicated teams with the experience
and expertise that is the envy of many
of our peers. On behalf of the Board,

I thank every employee at Fresnillo

plc as well as our other stakeholders

- suppliers, local communities, the
government and shareholders - for
their support during what has been

a successful year. | look forward to
working with you all in 2025 as we
continue to navigate the challenges
and opportunities ahead.

Alejandro Bailléres
Chairman

9
SHAPING OUR BUSINESS

BY FOCUSING

ON OPERATIONS TO IMPROVE

EFFICIENCIES

uonewoyu) |euoRIpPY | squawayers jelueul4 | aoueussn09 | uoday 2}6a9e5

The San Carlos shaft is now
operational, reducing haulage
distances and cutting costs.

ayn

woo'2/dojj1usa.

Fresnillo ple Annual Report and Accounts 2024

CHIEF EXECUTIVE'S STATEMENT

OCTAVIO ALVIDREZ

A POSITIVE PERFORMANCE,
AN OPTIMISTIC OUTLOOK

2024 was a year in which
events in Mexico - and
globally —- threatened to
negatively impact our
performance. However, due
to the actions we undertook,
together with a number of
positive econornic trends,
we ultimately achieved a
highly satisfactory outcome.
Production was in line

with expectations, while
sustained high prices and

a weaker exchange rate
combined to ensure that
we delivered a positive
financial performance.

As the year began, several factors
beyond our control threatened to make
2024 one of the most challenging years
in Fresnillo plc's history. Although some
of our assets, such as Juanicipio, were
producing high volumes of good quality
ore, decreasing grades elsewhere,
together with a range of operational
difficulties and external factors,
threatened to come together and lead
toa relatively poor financial outcome.

The response from our teams was to
work diligently to systematically identify
and implement a series of initiatives
that targeted those levers under our
control, such as costs and efficiencies,
while mitigating where possible the
geological factors that could cause
difficulties. Our people worked tirelessly
and with a high degree of skill. Once
again highlighting the value of the
extensive pool of proven talent that

has established Fresnillo plc as a global
leader. The results of their efforts are
reflected in our financial results, which
also benefitted from sustained high
prices for silver and gold throughout
the year as well from a weaker Mexican
peso vs US dollar exchange rate.

GG

thackitem to trogasd)

[progress wel nade|withy
oUlnexistingoperationsy

alsoyadvaniced| several)

fexcitingiexploration)
projectsralong,
foul Dipelineds

In addition to the good progress we
made with our existing operations, we
also advanced several exciting exploration
projects along our pipeline. These provide
significant optimism for the medium-
and long-term future of Fresnillo plc,

and we look forward to reporting more
developments in due course.

Production highlights

and price review

Overall, production was stable and
consistent across the year, in line with
the guidelines we set out in January.

Attributable silver production remained
at 56.3 moz, driven by good results at
San Julién Veins, Saucito and Juanicipio,
as well as a strong turnaround at
Ciénega. Although weather-related
issues affected gold production at

La Herradura earlier in the year, a
recovery programme saw performance
at this mine improve rapidly in the

last half which, together with higher
production at Fresnillo, Saucito and San
Julian Veins, ted to an increase in gold
production of 3.4% to 631.6 koz.

Attributable by-product lead and zinc
production increased 14.8% and 8.3%
to 66,400 tonnes and 116,646 tonnes
respectively, primarily due to the

increased contribution of Juanicipio
and Saucito and higher ore grades
at Fresnillo.

Please find more details on production
at each of our mines on pages 31-45

During 2024, the increase in silver and
gold prices was even more pronounced
than in the previous year. The average
realised silver price was US$28.78 and
that for gold US$2,4S3.58, up 21.7% and
253% respectively. The average price for
Zinc increased by 8.7%, while that for
lead decreased by 2.7%.

Demand for silver outweighed supply
for the sixth consecutive year, driven
by its role as an essential component
in photovoltaic applications, SG
networks, and electric vehicles and
their infrastructure. Despite some
countries rowing back on their net
Zero ambitions, we believe that the
world in general will continue to
pursue these new technologies,
underpinning demand for silver. Silver
is also essential to many applications of
nanotechnology in the food, medical
and electronics sectors, all of which are
forecast to grow in the years ahead.

Demand for gold remained healthy,
in line with the increased global
demand for consumer electronics as
well as emerging applications in the
automotive, aerospace and high-speed
computing sectors. Gold is also valued
asan investment and safe haven, and is
vital to the jewellery sector.

For both metals, demand from investors
was exacerbated by geopolitical tensions.
These included the expectation of
interest rate changes at the end of 2023
and again early in 2024, and uncertainties
around the US election — followed by
speculation about the measures that

may or may not be implemented by the
incoming President.

Please see pages 20-21 for more
details on prices and how they have
been influenced by market dynamics

Executing our strategy

Our four strategic pillars guide every
aspect of our actions, and shape
the way in which we aim to seize
the opportunities and rise to the
challenges ahead.

Maximising the potential
of existing operations

Our assets are one of our greatest
strengths. They are the foundation
upon which our past performance
was built as well as the platform for
future success — and we work hard to
ensure that they operate as efficiently
as possible.

During 2024, we made good progress
at many of our mines. At Juanicipio,
for example, the beneficiation plant is
now operating at full capacity and the
flotation plant has been optimised,
leading to an increase in both the
recovery rate and the volume of

ore processed.

While volumes reduced at Fresnillo due
to several factors, the preparation of
new stopes is being expedited by the
purchase and implementation of new
equipment for the narrower veins we
have been encountering. Furthermore,

the commissioning of the new San
Carlos shaft followed by the successful
connection of the two sections of shaft
towards the end of the year is already
paying dividends in terms of reduced
haulage and therefore lower costs.

At Saucito, increased productivity and
greater availability of equipment have
driven a strong comeback from the
mine's low point in 2023. The Saucito
team is now confident that they can not
‘only maintain but also build upon the
recent improvements in production.

Given the challenges faced, the most
impressive performance was at
Ciénega. Our previous view was that
this mine had a limited lifespan in
the Fresnillo pic portfolio, with sale or
closure a possibility in the short term.
However, now both performance and
prospects have been transformed by
a team of retrained miners rigorously
implementing a set of efficiency, cost
reduction and mitigation measures.
These miners are now expected to
become future leaders at other mines
across the business.

Asimilarly important step change
took place at San Julién, where

the Disseminated Ore Body (DOB)
approached the end of its life. Production
at San Julian Veins increased during the
year on the back of higher ore grades
and improved dilution control, partially
compensating for the fall in production
at the DOB, Exploration activities have
identified high grades of silver and

also some gold, giving us renewed
confidence in the future of the mine.

Performance at our open pit La
Herradura mine remained a challenge,
with the loss of skilled people in the
previous year being further aggravated
by floods and changes in the mine
sequence in the first half of the year to
impact preparation and development.
However, a plan was put in place and
production recovered in the fourth
quarter and is now stable. We are
continuing to define how best we can

develop underground activities at La
Herradura and expect operations to
commence towards the end of 2025
or early in 2026, adding important
production that is not currently
included in our projections.

Towards the end of 2024, we received
notification from our parent company
Industrias Pefioles that operational
difficulties at the Sabinas mine could
impact the Silverstream Agreement
between our companies. After assessing
the possible implications of this
situation, and based on the information
available we reassessed the valuation
of the Silverstream Agreement. This
resulted in the recognition of a loss of
US$1823 million, net of its amortisation
and before taxes, at the end of the year.
Please see page 55 and Note 14 to the
financial statenents for further details.

In the year ahead, we will continue
working on increasing productivity and
implementing cost reduction activities
across all our mines with the objective
of prioritising profitability, while
optimising production levels.

Delivering growth through
development projects

As we reported last year, we have a
number of very exciting exploration
projects that are making good progress
through our pipeline.

Many metallurgical and economic
studies are currently uriderway across:

all the projects discussed in the strategic
pillar below, as we work towards
identifying those with the greatest
operational and financial feasibility.

Extending the growth pipeline

We continue to benefit from a range

of mining concessions and exploration
projects in Mexico, Peru and Chile. These
include four advanced exploration
projects that all have the potential to
become development projects.

yoday 216332135

aoueUsaro5

joueul4

sqUaaye)s |

uoNewoyuy |euonIppy

i

S34; MWAM

wios‘1do}1

COG

Among these, Guanajuato is expected
to bea stellar performer and to make
an important contribution to the
Group's silver production. Guanajuato
is a historic, world-class silver and gold
epithermal vein field stretching more
than 40 kilometres along this central
Mexican state,

During the year, we carried out 101,521
metres of core drilling, with a focus on
the emerging southern area where
significant silver-rich veins have been
discovered. A preliminary conceptual
study has highlighted good economic
potential for the development of this
area, and we are therefore ramping
up our step-out drilling, metallurgical,
environmental permitting, and
community engagement activities.
Further exploration and studies will
be carried out over the next five years
with the aim of developing this project
in 2030.

Over the last 12 months we concluded
that the gold project at Orisyvo could
take longer to come to fruition than
previously expected. This is due to
challenges associated with resources
and the recovery rates required

to increase production volumes,
combined with the potentially

large capital expenditure required.
Adisseminated gold deposit in the
Sierra Madre mountains of Chihuahua
state, Orisyvo was the subject of
pre-feasibility studies in the first half
of the year, which showed positive
opportunities for an underground
operation and associated infrastructure,
including mineral processing and
tailings storage facilities. We have

also continued to engage with local
communities and authorities around
education, health, environmental care
and entrepreneurship - and we expect
to commence consultations with
indigenous communities in 2025.

Tajitos will be a key focus for our efforts
next year, in parallel with Rodeo. An
open pit, disseninated gold project in
the Herradura Corridor of northwestern
Sonora state, Tajitos was subject to

a full evaluation of the main resource
area in 2024, with encouraging results.
This was followed by an update of the
mineral resources and a preliminary
economic assessment. We drilled
41,640 metres during the year and

also started environmental studies,

as well as continuing our community
relations programme.

At the Rodeo open pit gold project, in
central Durango state, we commenced
exploration activities following positive
engagement with the local Ejidos.

The drilling programme focused on
increasing the resources in the main pit
area and obtaining samples for detailed
metallurgical testing. We expect to
finalise exploration during the middle
part of 2025 and will then be in a position
to evaluate our options.

Brownfield exploration continued
across the portfolio, specifically in the
Fresnillo and San Julian districts, while
greenfield activities at the Lucerito and
Candamefia projects showed positive
results for both gold and silver.

Outside Mexico, we began drilling at
some of our prospects in Peru, and

we made progress in Chile with our
joint gold-silver venture with Sociedad
Quimica y Minera de Chile (SQM), the
world’s biggest lithium producer. We
continue to monitor opportunities to
acquire projects in the later stages of
exploration, with recent efforts focusing
‘on Canada.

At the end of the year, silver in
consolidated overall mineral resources
increased 1.4% vs 2023 at 2.25bn oz as

the positive exploration results at the
Guanajuato and Lucerito exploration
projects and Fresnillo were offset by
depletion. Gold in consolidated overall
mineral resources also increased 1.4% vs
2023 to 38.5 moz primarily driven by the
Positive exploration results at Guanajua-
to, Lucerito and Candamefia, partly offset
by depletion at our operating mines.

GG

In the year ahead, we
will continue working on
increasing productivity
and implementing cost
reduction activities
across all our mines
with the objective of
prioritising profitability.”