LIVING UP TO
OUR PURPOSE,
BUILDING UP
OUR RESILIENCE

Fresnillo ple | Annual Report and Accounts 2021

COMPANIES HOUSE

FRESNILLO PLC IS THE
WORLD'S LEADING SILVER
PRODUCER AND ONE OF
MEXICO’S LARGEST GOLD
PRODUCERS, LISTED ON THE
LONDON AND MEXICAN
STOCK EXCHANGES.

QUR PURPOSE

At Fresnillo plc, we are focusing on the future,
contributing to the wellbeing of people through
the sustainable mining of silver and gold.

Covid-19 has continued to challenge the ways in
which we all work and live. While the pandemic’s
impact for most of 2021 was not as significant
as in the previous year, the Fresnillo Purpose
continued to play an important role in guiding
how we could best navigate the situation.

Our Purpose is not just a set of words to shape
our future, but something that springs directly
from how we operate as a business. By living
up to our Purpose during the year, we have
again been able to protect and support our
people, maintain production close to the
expected levels and continue to contribute

to the wellbeing of our stakeholders ~ including
shareholders, local communities, suppliers,

the authorities and the environment.

STRATEGIC REPORT
2 Performance highlights,
4 Where we operate
6 — Chaimanis statement
10 OurPurposo
14 Ourstakeholders
16 Chief Executive's statement
20 Workplace engagement
22 Oweutwe
24 Business mode!
26 —Roview of our markets
28 Oursvategy
34 Review of operations
58 Financial review
70 Lower from the Chairman
of the HSECR Committee
72 Sustainabiity atthe cove
of our Purpose
120 Managing our risks and opportunities
143 2021Viabiity statement and
‘going concern statement
148 Secvon 172 Companies Act statement
147 Principal decisions
149 Nonsfnancial information statement
150 Building st ~ relationships with key stakeholders

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
188 TheChairmenis leuer
‘on Governance 2021
188 The Boardof Directors
162 Executive Committee
163 UK Corporate Governance code

164 Fresnilo’s approach to Governance
165 About the Board Commitees

168 Board leadership and Purpose

171 Division of responsibilities

172 Composition, succession

4 Nominations Commitee ceport

178 Audit Committee ropor.
183_Directors’ Remuneration report

204 Directors’ report

207 Statement of Directors’ responsbilties

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

208 Independent ausitor’s report 10
‘the Members of Fresno ple

220 Consolidated income statement

221 Consolidated statement of
‘comprehensive income

222 Consolidated balance sheet

223 Consolidated statoment
‘of cash flows

224 Consolidated statement
‘of changes in equity

225 Notes tothe consolidated
financial statements

268 Parent Company balance sheet

267 Parent Company statement
of cash flows

268 Parent statement
‘of changes in equity

263 Notes to the Parent Company
financial statements

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

288 Consolidated audited mineral resource staternent
{or underground operstional properties

287 Consolidated eudited mineral resource statement
{or Sonore properties

288 Consolidated sudited mineral resource
‘satomont of exploration projects and prospects

283 Consoidated audited reserve statement for
‘underground operational properties
280 Consolidated audited reserve statement
{for Sonore properties
291 Audited ore reserve statement for Juanicipio
282 Operating statistics
294 Shareholder information

P10

P34

P16

FRESNILLO PLC

OUR PURPOSE

P22 OUR CULTURE

REVIEW OF OPERATIONS

CHIEF EXECUTIVE'S
STATEMENT

ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2021

SLN3W3IVIS -3DNVNYAO 1u0da8
TWIONYNIS BAVHOaOD ‘DI9BLYULS

NOLLWINEOINI
TWwNoluigy

FRESNILLO PLC | ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2021

Performance highlights

Through the ongoing challenges of Covid-19, we continued to contribute to
the wellbeing of people while building on the lessons we learnt during 2020,
enabling us to record a creditable performance during the year.

—o
ATTRIBUTABLE GOLD PRODUCTION

791.2.

-2.4%

STRATEGIC HIGHLIGHTS

Alejandro Bailléres,
Chairman of the Board

Appointed Alejandro Baillares as the new Chairman.

Defined a strategy to mitigate the impact of the lowerthan-expected
retention rate at some of our mines following the labour reform. This
included: reviewing our incentive schemes, commencing a recruitment
programme and purchasing equipment.

Completed the construction of the Juanicipio plant on schedule.

Extended the commissioning timeline at Juanicipio by approximately
six months due to delays in the granting of permits to connect to the
power grid.

Pushed back the start up of the Pyrites Plant (phase Il) in the Fresnillo
district, due to reasons similar to those at Juanicipio.

Maintained our dividend in line with our stated policy.

Built greater resilience into our portfolio of Tailings Storage Facilities.

Transferred 80 people to the new shared services function Baluarte
Minero to further exploit synergies between Fresnillo and Perioles.

Continued to adapt our community engagement and social investment
portfolio to combat the impact of Covid-19.

—
ATTRIBUTABLE GOLD RESOURCES

39.0...

+0.1%

OPERATIONAL HIGHLIGHTS

Attributable silver production of 53.1 moz {including Silverstream),

flat vs. 2020, marginally below guidance, as the higher ore grade at
San Julién Disseminated Ore Body (DOB) and, to a lesser extent, the
contribution of development ore from Juanicipio, was offset by a lower
ore grade and volume of ore processed at Saucito and Fresrillo.

Attributable gold production of 751.2 koz decreased 2.4% vs. 2020,
ahead of guidance, due to a lower ore grade at Ciénega, and a lower ore
grade and volume of ore processed at San Julién Veins, partly mitigated
by a higher volume of ore processed and ore grade at Noche Buena.

Silver resources up 1.2% primarily due to successful exploration at
Fresnillo and San Julian (Veins), partly offset by depletion and a higher
cut-off grade at Saucito and San Julién (DOB); gold resources remained
stable at 39.0 moz

Silver reserves decreased 8.2% to 419.8 moz mainly due to depletion
and exploration results at Fresnillo, and depletion at Saucito and San
Julin (008), partly mitigated by exploration at San Julidn (Veins).

Gold reserves decreased 7.1% to 7834 koz primarily due to depletion
at Herradura and Noche Buena.

We regret to report that one fatality occurred during 2021.

Developed a company-wide training scheme to prevent and address
workplace harassment.

For more information
> see pages 6-9

For more information
> see pages 34-57

—
ATTRIBUTABLE SILVER PRODUCTION (INCLUDING SILVERSTREAM)

03.1 na

+0.1%

FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS

Matio Arreguin,
Chief Financial Officer

Adjusted revenue’ of US$2,8479 million, up 9.2% over 2020 due
to the higher silver, lead and zinc prices and increased volumes
of silver sold.

Revenue of US$2,703.1 million, up 11.2% over 2020 due to higher
adjusted revenue and lower treatment and refining charges.

Gross profit of US$936.9 milion, up 6.5% due to the favourable effect
of higher metal prices; EBITDA? of US$1,206.3 million, up 3.2%.

FRESNILLO PLC | ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2021

—x
ATTRIBUTABLE SILVER RESOURCES

2,319.7 0

+1.2%

ESG HIGHLIGHTS

Partnered with health authorities to vaccinate our people at mine sites.
78% of our workforce have been vaccinated.

Continue to implement the ‘I Care, We Care’ programme with a focus
‘on High Potential Incidents and Critical Risk Controls.

Generated an economic impact of US$2,120 million in 2021 through
wages, taxes and payments to suppliers. 71% of our workforce are
from the regions where we operate.

Profit from continuing operations before net finance costs and income
tax of US$666.7 million, up 2.6%

Capex of US$592.1 million, up 43.6%.

Dividends of US$245.6 million paid, up 134.6%, in line with our
dividend policy which includes a consideration of profits generated
in the year.

Strong balance sheet and low leverage ratio; cash and other liquid
funds? of USS1,236.3 million, up 15.4% driven by our operational
performance, despite an investment of US$592.1 million in capex and
spending US$130.3 million on exploration expenses to underpin our
future growth.

For more information
> see pages 58-69

Collaboration with health authorities to support vaccination in remote
communities neighbouring la Ciénega, San Julian and Penmont,
totalling 9,889 vaccine shots.

Reported Climate Change following the TCFD recommendations.

‘Supplied 49.7% of our electricity from renewable sources.

For more information
> see pages 70-119

> Find out more online at
‘www fresnillople.com

11 Adjusted revenue isthe revenue shown inthe income statement adjusted to add back eatment end refining costs and gold, ead and zinc hedging. The Company considers this a usetut adcitions!
‘measure to help understand undertyng factors driving revenue in terms of volumes sold and realised prices. The reconciation of Adjusted revenue to revenue as show inthe income statement is

‘provided on page 69.

2. Earrings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortisation (EBITDA) is caleuated as gross profit plus depreciation less administrative, seling and exploration expenses. The reconciliation of

EBITDA to amounts determined in accordance with IFRS can be found on page 65.

3. Cashand other iquid funds are disclosed in nota 30) to the consodated financial statements,

3ONVNU3AOD. idoday
3uv¥OduOo ‘IDSLVULS

SLN3W3IVIS
TWIONVN

NOLLYINUOINI
TWNOWIGaY

FRESNILLOPLC | ANNUALREPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2021

Where we operate

Based in Mexico, Fresnillo draws on the country’s significant geological resources and
strong potential for continued growth. We benefit from Mexico's skilled workforce and solid
infrastructure, and are proud to continue playing an important part in a rich mining tradition
that stretches back more than 500 years. Our mining concessions extend to approximately
1.7 million hectares in Mexico, securing valuable employment for just over 20,000 people
and contributing some US$2,120' million to the country's economy each year.

—
HERRADURA

421 5 koz

GOLD PRODUCED IN 2021

HERRADURA
DISTRICT

—
CIENEGA

9.4 moz

SILVER EQUIVALENT?
PRODUCED IN 2021

—_
FRESNILLO

14.7 moz

SILVER EQUIVALENT?
PRODUCED IN 2021

Mining operations
Development projects
Advanced exploration

—_
NOCHE BUENA

96.8 koz

GOLD PRODUCED IN 2021

ORISYVO
DISTRICT
9

‘SAN JULIAN
DISTRICT

3

CIENEGA
DISTRICT

4

—
SAUCITO

19.5 moz

SILVER EQUIVALENT?
PRODUCED IN 2021

1. Total economic impact. This is considered to be a social performance measure. For more detall see page 113.

2 AurAg ratio of 1:80.

USA

MEXICO

—
SAN JULIAN

21.2 moz

SILVER EQUIVALENT?
PRODUCED IN 2021

FRESNILLO
DISTRICT

1

8

2

KEY ASSETS

OPERATING MINES
Asset

Fresnillo

Saucito

San Julian
Ciénega
Herradura
Soledad-Dipolos*

Noche Buena

‘Type

Underground
Underground
Underground
Underground
Open pit
Open pit

Open pit

1 Represents star of commercial production.

2 Operations at Soledad Dipolos ere curently suspended.

3 Asof 31 Moy 2021,

DEVELOPMENT PROJECTS

8 Juanicipio

Main metal

Silver primary
SiNver primary
Siver primary
Gold/Silver
Gols

Gold

Gold

EBITDA
USS183.8m_

US$270.6m

US$271.2m

US$84.8m_

US$309.0m_

US$66.6m_

Silver project in the Fresnillo District. Annual total
production expected to average 11.7 moz silver
and 43 koz of gold.

ADVANCED EXPLORATION PROJECTS

Asset

8 Orisywo

10 Guanajuato

1 Rodeo

12 Tajitos

4 Asof 31 May 2021,

Main metal

Gold

Silver/Gold

Gold

Gold

FRESNILLO PLC | ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2021

Reserves (Silver)*

99.5 moz

124.9 moz

74.6 moz

34.6 moz

Excluded in 2021

Resources (Silver)*

12.7 moz

100.6 moz

13.8 moz

In addition, we have many further early stage projects and prospects located in Mexico, Peru and Chile.

Reserves (Gold)?

305 koz

586 koz

311 koz

331 koz

5,638 koz

216 koz

Year’

1954

2011

2016

1992

1997

2010

2012

Read more in our Review of
Operations on pages 40-57

For more detail on the Juanicipio

project See page 39

Resources (Gold)*

9,575 koz

1,693 koz

1,331 koz

1,093 koz

For more on our exploration

projects and prospects

See pages 35-38

SANAW3IVIS —-30NVNYAOD 1u0dau
WIONYNIS uvuoduoo ‘JI9aLVELS:

NOLLVWOINI
‘TwNOWIGOV

FRESNILLO PLC | ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2021

Chairman's statement - Alejandro Bailléres

LIVING UP TO
OUR PURPOSE,
BUILDING UP
OUR RESILIENCE

This last year has again seen

our Purpose come to the fore -
supporting our people through the
continuing challenge of Covid-19,
as well as the new labour reform,
and enabling them to maintain
satisfactory levels of production.
As we move into 2022, we are
continuing to adjust to the labour
reform and invest in infrastructure
that will make Fresnillo a more
resilient business.

lam pleased to present my first Annual Report
statement as Chairman of Fresnillo. Having
been a member of the Board since 2012, | know
that | have the support of a committed Board
‘and management team executing a proven
longterm strategy. Under my chairmanship,
continuity will be the watchword: we will
remain loyal to our core principles, ensuring
we always behave in a way that is faithful to
‘our Purpose and contributes to the wellbeing
of all stakeholders ~ including shareholders,
‘our workforce, local communities, suppliers,
government authorities and the environment.

Before turning to our performance for 2021,
| would like to pay personal tribute to my
father Alberto Bailléres, who sadly passed
away on 2 February 2022, having stepped
down as Chairman in April 2021. He chaired
Fresnillo with distinction since our listing in
London in 2008, though his leadership of the
Group extended over haff a century. The Board
and | believe that the best way to honour his
memory is to preserve and build on his legacy
of responsibilty, integrity and respect - these
are not only the values of Fresnillo but also,
the principles by which my father lived his
professional and personal ie.

Delivering on our promises

‘As we anticipated, the pandemic again
disrupted our activities in 2021, although nat
to the same extent as the previous year. The
introduction of new labour legislation added to
the challenges we faced and caused additional
disruption during the year, primarily at our
underground mines. This meant that silver
production fell marginally below guidance,
while higher production at Herradura helped
us to exceed our guidance for gold production.

We achieved USS2,703.1 milion in total revenue
and US$2,8479 million in adjusted revenue

FRESNILLO PLC

luring the year. This represented an increase of
11.2% and 9.2% respectively, primarily due to
higher prices for silver. Gross profit rose year
on-year by 6.1% to US$936.9 milion, primarily
driven by higher prices. Cash and other liquid
funds increased from US$1,070.4 milion to
US$1,235.3 milion, reflecting the increased cash
generated by the mines, Please see pages 58-69
for further details on our financial performance.

Our approach is to remain steady, constant
and focused on the long term through the
cycles that may impact our business. Our
‘strategy is well established, and our dividend
policy remains unchanged. We aim to pay out
33-50% of profit after tax each year, while
making certain adjustments to exclude non-cash
effects in the income statement. Dividends

are paid in the approximate ratio of one-third

as an interim dividend and two-thirds as a final
dividend, Before declaring a dividend, the Board
carries out a detailed analysis of the profitability
of the business, underlying earnings, capital
requirements and cash flow. Our goal is to
maintain enough flexibility to be able to react to
movements in precious metals prices and seize
attractive business opportunities.

ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2021

‘We declared an interim dividend of $9.90 US
cents per share, with a final dividend of 24.0 US
cents per share, bringing the total for the year to
33.9 US cents per share.

Living up to our Purpose
(Once again, our Purpose has been at the heart
of how we think and act, and it has supported
our people and their communities through what
were at times difficult and demanding days.

Our Purpose is to contribute to the wellbeing of
people through the sustainable mining of silver
and gold.

Thanks in large part to the protocols we
introduced in our mines and to the testing and
vaccination programme that we continued to
support for our people and their communities,
we have managed to loosen the grip of the
pandemic. We have built on the extensive
and unprecedented experience we gained

in the previous year, working with the local
and federal authorities to enable our people
to continue working through the third and
fourth waves of Covid-19, albeit with some
inevitable restrictions.

“OUR PURPOSE IS TO CONTRIBUTE TO

THE WELLBEING OF PEOPLE THROUGH
THE SUSTAINABLE MINING OF SILVER

AND GOLD.”

3ONVNY3N0D 1y0d3¥
‘LvuOd4O9 ‘1931VuLS

SLNAW3LVIS
WIONWNIE

NOLLWWuOINI
‘WwNoUoay

FRESNILLO PLC

ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2021

Chairman's statement continued

During my many visits to our operating units,
ithas been particularly pleasing to see that our
people increasingly engage with our Purpose.
‘They were of course familiar with the words,
but since the onset of the pandemic they have
witnessed the actions behind those words. Our
Purpose is not an empty comorate promise
but a way of thinking and acting that guides
everything we do and every decision we take,
from the mine stope to Boardroom — with the
health and safety of our people always our
overriding priority.

Building up our resilience
Our experience with the pandemic has
underlined the need for our business, our
people and our communities to be resilient to
many factors that could affect us. During 2021
we focused on building up our resilience across
four key areas.

For example, we continued to build greater
production resilience through the development
‘of our new mine at Juanicipio, which we expect
to produce an annual average of 11.7 moz

silver and 43.5 koz gold when fully operational.
Following construction of the Juanicipio plant on
schedule, we expected to be granted approval
for connection to the national power grid by

the end of the year. Unfortunately, this was
delayed and as a result we have extended the
commissioning timeline by approximately six
months to comply with new requirements
from the authorities. Future Group production
will also be underpinned by the start-up of the
new Pyrites plant at Fresnillo. In addition, we
continued to invest in efficiency improvements
at the Fresnillo mine through a series of
infrastructure investments.

Our exploration activities have continued

to deliver a more resilient pipeline, with the
increased budget for 2021 supporting extensive
brownfield activities in the Fresnillo and

San Julién Districts, as well as good progress

at Guanajuato.

Across the business, the support of our
workforce has been vital to our past successes
and future plans. We rely on our people for their
skills end commitment and do everything we
can to provide them with rewarding careers.
During 2021, one of our greatest challenges
was to continue to benefit from a trained and
supportive workforce in the face of major
legislative change. Mexico's new labour reform.
law came into effect in September, restricting
our ability to subcontract labour. Our response

“DURING 2021 WE FOCUSED ON
BUILDING UP OUR RESILIENCE
ACROSS FOUR KEY AREAS.”

was to work hard to retain as many of our
contractors’ people as possible, bringing them
in-house to join our unionised employees. This
was a demanding and somewhat disruptive
process, and | would like to thank everybody
involved for their perseverance and patience.
Uttimately, we believe that although the move
away from outsourcing may be a challenge in
the short term, in the medium and long term
it will ead to @ more cohesive and resilient
workforce. The Chief Executive comments
further on labour reform in his statement on
pages 16-19

During the year, we also supported greater
resilience in the communities where our
people live, by maintaining our commitment
to investment in local healthcare — including
providing Covid-19 testing equipment

and vaccines - employment, education
programmes, capacity building, training and
support for local entrepreneurs.

Board activities
The Board met regularly through the year and
discussed a wide range of matters, from how
the Company was supporting vaccination
programmes in remote communities to the
impact of the new labour reforms.

One of our most important tasks is to maintain
oversight of Fresnillo’s culture, and we received
regular updates on how our Purpose and values.
continued to be the beacons that guide our
actions. During 2021, we were pleased to see
our teams develop a five-hour online training
module to promote diversity, equality and
inclusion. We comply with the ethnic diversity

targets set for FTSE 100 Boards and continue to
make good progress in developing an inclusive
culture. This includes promoting the participation
‘of women in our workforce, with the total
percentage of women increasing to 11.0% in
2021 from 9.7% in the previous year. Our Board
composition during 2021 meant that we were
one of the most gender progressive companies
in Mexico according to both the 50/50 Wornen
on Boards Gender Diversity index and the
‘Women Corporate Directors Foundation.

Workforce engagement was again a key agenda
item for the Board. Bringing workers’ voices into
the Boardroom enables us to incorporate their
perspective into our strategic discussions and
decision-making. Our Designated Non-Executive
Director (NED) for workforce engagement held
two online meetings with unionised and non-
unionised employees during the year, gaining
valuable insight into strategically important
topics such as health, safety, Covid-19, ethical
culture, inclusion, and gender equality.

| provide more details of the Board's activities
in my introduction to the Governance Report on
pages 156-157, including how we supported our
people and local communities through

the pandemic.

Board changes
In April 2021, we announced a number of
Board changes that took effect at the AGM in
June, including the stepping-down of my father
as Chairman of Fresnillo and my subsequent
appointment as his successor.

FRESNILLO PLC

The Board was delighted to welcome two new
Directors at the AGM. Héctor Rangel joined us
as an independent Non-Executive Director - 2
position he previously held from April 2008

to January 2009 - and Eduardo Cepeda as @
Non-Executive Director. Both Directors have
extensive expertise in finance and the business
environment in Mexico and have already
brought valuable insights to the Board.

Héctor is the President of BCP Securities
Mexico, a joint venture with BCP Securities
LLC, a US investment bank specialising in
emerging markets. Prior to this role, he was the
Chief Executive Officer of Nacional Financiera
S.N.C. and Banco Nacional de Comercio Exterior
and a member of Mexico's cabinet under
President Felipe Calderon. He has wide-ranging
corporate and investment banking expertise
having held various executive positions with
the Grupo Financiero Bancomer from 1991

until 2008, including a tenure as Chairman of
the Board. Héctor has also been appointed a
member of the Audit Committee.

Eduardo was President and Senior Country
Officer at JP Morgan based in Mexico City from
1993 to 2019. He was also Chief Executive
Officer of JP Morgan Wealth Management Latin
‘America from 2009 to 2012. As a key participant
in the growth and development of JP Morgan's
business in Mexico and Latin America, he has led
‘many important investment banking transactions,
both in the public and private sectors,

ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2021

The Board also approved several
recommendations from the Nominations
Committee during the year. These included the
‘appointment of Alberto Tiburcio as Chairman

of the Remuneration Committee, with Charles
Jacobs becoming a member of the Nominations
Committee. At the same time, | was honoured
to succeed my father as Chairman of the
Nominations Committee, and as a member of
the Remuneration Committee.

Outlook
‘There is an inevitable degree of caution
around expectations for 2022 and beyond,
with operational challenges being potentially
worsened by the pandemic - and the knock
on effect on workforce availabilty — as well
as by the ongoing impact following the
implementation of the new labour law.
However, one thing is certain: we will remain
steadfast to our Purpose and will continue to
put the health and safety of our people at the
centre of every decision.

On behalf of the Board, ! would like to thank
all our people — from those working in the
mines to our executive management team —

for their dedication and expertise during the
year. We have increased production, built up
our resilience and equipped Fresnillo with the
strength and attributes to continue delivering
long-term value to all our stakeholders. Together,
supported by our culture and guided by our
Purpose, we face the future with confidence.

Alejandro Bailleres
Chairman

3ONVNH3AD 1y0d38
3AVUOaOd ‘o19BLVULS

SLNZWAIVIS
TWIONVNI

NOLWWNHOSNI
‘TWNoILGOY

FRESNILLO PLC

Our Purpose

ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2021

ONTRIBUTING
TO THE

WELLBEING
OF PEOPLE...

With the greatest electrical and
thermal conductivity of all metals,
silver is @ key component in many
products, and is essential to the rapid
and sustained growth of technologies
‘that enable connectivity and help
combat climate change,

As a major presence in many regions of Mexico, we
are committed to being a positive influence at all times
- supporting local people and communities by:

Providing career and
procurement opportunities

20,116

people employed at our mines in 2021.

> Read more in People
‘on pages 78-81

Investing in social programmes

us$3. 14m

invested during 2021 across the four
focus areas of our social investment
portfolio: Education, Health, Water
and Capacity Building

<> Read more in Sharing the benefits
on pages 113-119

Pay

uss375.0m

paid to local and federal government
in 2021.

ig Our taxes

=> Read more in Sharing tho benefits
on pages 113-119

Silver and gold play important
roles in the everyday lives of
people across the world
Connectivity

From smartphones and computers to the
internet of things, the way we all live, work
and play is being transformed at an ever-
increasing pace. People and businesses are
more connected than ever before. With the
greatest electrical and thermal connectivity
of all metals, silver is a key component

in the electronics that are driving this,
unstoppable trend.

Proven and emerging technologies

Our metals are essential to technologies that
are leading the fight against climate change
~ including electric vehicles and solar
panels, While silver nanoparticles stop the
spread of germs in food containers, sprays
and cosmetics, gold is used in medical
screening tests and both metals are key

to technologies used in water treatment.

Financial security

For over 2,000 years, gold has been a
mainstay of our financial system — not only
for transactions but also as a secure store

of personal wealth. Much of the world’s
jewellery is fashioned with gold or silver,
and in many parts of the world jewellery is
considered to be a private monetary reserve.

Read more in Review of our Markets
>
(on pages 26-27