LN.
“FRESNILLO:

Capitalising on today's
opportunities, fogusing
on the future .. 1

y"

ul

*AF34B2P4*
2910512026
GOMPANIES HO

2025 Fresnillo pic
Annual Report and Accounts 2025

Company No. 06344120

We are the world’s
largest silver producer
and Mexico’s largest
gold producer.

Our purpose is to contribute to the wellbeing of people
through the sustainable mining of silver and gold.

It springs directly from how we operate as a business.
It guides everything we do and how we do it, and
ensures that we deliver for all our stakeholders,
including our teams, shareholders, local communities,
suppliers, the authorities and the environment.

We have worked hard on factors within our control to boost performance
and reduce costs ~ and as expected these measures have borne fruit. At
the same time, factors beyond our control have led to significant increases
in the prices of precious metals. And we have been able to capitalise on
this positive tailwind.

Together, our own efforts and the supportive market environment have
come together to generate an exceptional year for Fresnillo

However, there is no room for complacency. Recently, we have invested in
order to expand our operations into exciting new territory and bolster our
already promising pipeline. In addition, our performance and cost
reduction initiatives continue at pace - and these will help to underpin
future performance regardless of external factors.

Consolidated balance she

STRATEGIC REPORT

Performance highlights
ere we operate

Chairman's statement

Chief Executive's statemer

Business model

Our strategy

Our markets

Review of

Financial review

Letter from the Chairman of the HSECR

Committee

Sustainability at tt of our purpose.

Independent practitioner's assurance report

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

‘The Chairman's letter on Governance 2026

ata

Board of Directors,

Uk Corporate Governance code compliance

statement

Board performance review

Nominations Committee repo

Statement of Directors’ responsibilities
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Consolidated statement of comprehensive

ement of changesin equity

Notes to the consolidated financial statements

Parent Com;

Parent Come

Parent Company statement of changes in

Notes to the Parent Company financial
statements

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Consolidated audited mineral resource
statement for underground operational
properties

Consolidated audited mineral resource
fatement for Sonora properties
Consolidated audited mineral resource
faternent of exploration projects and
prospects

Consolidated audited ore reserve statement

F underground operational properties

Consolidated audited ore reserve statement

for Sonora properties

‘Audited mineral resources for the Juanicipio
property

Audited ore reserves for the Juanicipio property

Operating statistics

Shareholder information

Find out more about us.
Download this Annual Report at
www fresnilloplc.com

PERFORMANCE HIGHLIGHTS

Operational highlights

In 2025, we delivered solid production, underscoring our continued focus on consistency and
resilience across the portfolio. Combined with a reduced cost base, this enabled us to capitalise on
higher precious metals prices and deliver strong profitability for the year.

Attributable gold production Attributable gold resources Attributable gold reserves

600.3 koz soy 44.0 moz us 7.8 M0Z 1%
© See pages 16-17 © see pages 14-15 © See pages 16-17

Attributable silver production (Silverstream) Attributable silver resources Attributable silver reserves

48.7 moz was) 2008.4 MOZ 95) 862.6 moz a
© See pages 16-17 © See page 14-15 © See pages 16-17

Elect ity supply from renewable sources

77.8% zee: 06%

© see pages 16-17

Financial highlights

Revenue Adjusted revenue! Adjusted production costs?

USS4,561.2m sos, USS4,645.3m a, USSIA06.7M ny

EE
34966 [53

2026 3.6399 1882.2

— Cost of sales’ ~ - -—  EBITDAS ~~

USSI, 897m wm USS2, 664.1m wos USS2,796. om am

Basic and diluted earnings per share,
excluding post-tax Silverstream effects

Gross profit ~~~

Profit from continuing operations

US$2,292.5m 142.4% USS2. 058 465.4%

© For more information
see pages 47-55

1. Adjusted revenue is the revenue shown in the income statement adjusted to add back treatment and refining costs. The Company considers this 8 useful additional
measure to help understand underlying factors driving revenue in terms of volumes sold and realised prices. The reconciliation of Adjusted revenue to revenue as shown
in the income statement is provided on page 48.

2. Adjusted production costs are calculated as cost of sales less depreciation, profit sharing, change in inventories and unproductive costs. The Company considers this a
useful additional meazure to help understand underlying factors driving production costs in terms of the diffcrent stages involvcd in the mining and plant processes,
including efficiencies and inefficiencies as the case may be, and other Factors outside the Company's control such as cost inflation or changes in accounting criteria,

3. Earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortisation (EBITDA) is calculated as profit for the year fom continuing operations before income tax, less finance
income, plus finance costs, less foreign exchange gain/(loss), less revaluation effects of the Silverstream contract and other operating income plus other operating
‘expenses and depreciation.

Fresnillo plc Annual Report and Accounts 2025

WHERE WE OPERATE

Our core operations are in Mexico, a country with significant geological resources and
strong potential for continued growth. We benefit from Mexico's skilled workforce and
solid infrastructure, and we are proud to continue playing an important part in a rich
mining tradition that stretches back more than 500 years. We maintain exploration offices
in Chile and Peru, and we have recently expanded our presence into Canada following the
acquisition of Probe Gold Inc.

(ouRocAT

ie
ca

i
|
|
Herradura Noche Buena H |

Mexico
356.1 koz 18.1 koz ! @ Mining operations
Gold produced in 2025 Gold produced in 2025, i © Advanced exploration
San Julian

12.3 moz

Silver equivalent!
produced in 2025

Fresnillo

13.5 moz

Silver equivalent’
produced in 2025

Ciénega

5.8 moz

Silver equivalent’
produced in 2025

Juanicipio 2 Saucito
11.6 moz) | 19.3 moz

Silver equivalent’ Silver equivalent’

produced in 2025 produced in 2025

1. Au: Ag ratio of 180.
2. Attributable.

Fresnillo ple Annual Report and Accounts 2025,

Approximate mining concessions

1.3m HA

KEY ASSETS

Total workforce

18,273

economy

USS2,174m!

Operating
Asset Ownership Type __Mainmetal__ EBITDA Reserves (Silver)* Reserves (Gold)* Year? Mine life
@  Feesnitto 100% Fresnillo pic Underground Silver primary US$3835m 159 moz 383koz 1554 9Byears
@ saucito 100% Fresnillo pic ~~ Underground Silver primary US$602.5m 1195 moz 509 koz 207.7 years

56% Fresnillo ple

© _ swanicipio 44%4Pan American Underground sive primary US$7069m 741 moz 529koz —«-2022,—s BG years.
@ sana 100% Fresnillo pic Underground — Silver primary US$3322m 216 moz 46koz «2016-33 years
© <ciénega 100% Fresnillo pic Underground Gold/Silver US$I05.5m 15.4 moz 267 koz 1992 40years
O Herradura 100% Fresnillo pic Open pit Gold US$7626m S963koz 1997 4years.
@ _ Soledad-Dipoles* 100% Fresnillo pic Open pit Gold Excluded in 2025 2010 -
© Noche Buena 100% Fresnillo ple Open pit Gold US$30.4m, - 2012 -

1. Total economic impact. This is considered to be a social performance measure. For more details see page 108.
2. Represents start of commercial production.

3. Operations at Soledad-Dipolos are currently suspended.

4. ASof 30 April 2025.

[Advancea exploration projects
Asset Main metal Resources (Silver) Resources (Gold)*
© Orisyvo Gold 127 moz 9875 koz
© Guanajuato Silver/Gold 388.2 moz 3303 koz
@)_ Rodeo Gold 245 moz 2.281 koz
@ _Tajitos Gold 1096 koz

S. ASof 3] December 2025.

In addition, we have many further carly-stage projects and prospects located in Mexico, Peru and Chile. The acquisition of Probe
Gold Inc. in carly 2026 also added several gold ore deposits at various stages of exploration in the Val-d'Or area of Canada.

For more on our exploration projects
and prospects see pages 42-46

Fresnillo ple Annual Report and Accounts 2025

4

Strategic Report

CHAIRMAN'S STATEMENT
ALEJANDRO BAILLERES

This was an exceptional year for
Fresnillo. Our efforts to boost
performance and reduce costs bore fruit
and enabled us to achieve production
and efficiency targets, while a positive
price environment drove a significant
increase in revenue.

When we first looked ahead to 2025, our
initial thoughts were that it could be
challenging to surpass the achievements
of 2024. However, a number of key
factors came together during the year to
generate one of the most rewarding
periods in Fresnillo’s history.

Our teams worked hard to address
factors within our control, improving
performance, reducing costs and
achieving production goals. Meanwhile,
external factors led to significant
increases in the prices of precious
metals - and we have been able to
capitalise on this positive tailwind

However, there is no room for
complacency. Towards the end of the
year we announced an important
acquisition which has expanded our
presence into an exciting new territory
and bolstered our already promising
pipeline. In addition, our performance
and cost reduction initiatives continue
at pace ~ and these will help to
underpin future performance regardless
of external factors

Strong operational performance
Production of silver and gold were again
in line with guidance. In fact we
exceeded our target for gold - with the
team at Herradura continuing to
execute our plans consistently and with
great expertise. Silver production was
towards the lower end of guidance, with
performances above expectations at
Juanicipio and San Julién Veins, while
the recovery that began at Saucito in
2024 started to show positive signs.

We achieved US$4,6453 million in
Adjusted revenue during the year. This
represented an increase of 276%,
primarily due to the increase in silver

Fresnillo ple Annual Report and Accounts 2025,

Capitalising on today’s
opportunities, focusing on

the future

and gold prices. Gross profit increased
113.8% year-on-year to US$2,66411 million,
mainly driven by higher adjusted
revenue and decreased costs, the latter
primarily due to lower volumes
processed at some of our operations,
including at San Julian DOB following
its closure, the devaluation of the
average exchange rate between the
Mexican peso and US dollar, and cost
reduction initiatives and efficiencies.

These factors partially offset inflationary
headwinds during the year. Cash'and
other liquid funds increased from
US$1,297.8 million to US$2,7565 million
primarily driven by cash generated from
our mining operations, which moré
than offset the use of funds in capital
expenditure, dividend payments, taxes
and mining rights. Please see pages 48
to 56 for further details on our financial
performance.

Through the good times as well as those
that prove more difficult, our dividend
policy has remained stable and well-
respected. It is the basis for continued
shareholder returns while also.
supporting the growth of the company.
We aim to pay out 33-50% of profit after
tax each year, while making certain
adjustments to exclude non-cash
effects in the income statement.
Dividends are paid in the approximate
ratio of one-third as an interim dividend
and two-thirds as a final dividend.
Before declaring a dividend, the Board
carries out a detailed analysis of the
profitability of the business, underlying
earnings, capital requirements and cash
flow. Our goal is to maintain enough
fiexibility to be able to react to
movements in precious metals prices
and seize attractive business
opportunities. During 2025, for example,
our strong balance sheet and healthy
cash position facilitated the proposal to
acquire Probe Gold Inc.

The Board also considers paying special
dividends in cases where we build up a
large cash balance, considering any

A number of key factors
came together during the
year to generate one of the
most rewarding periods in
Fresnillo's history.”

extraordinary needs for cash, such as
the aforementioned acquisition, along
with the outlook for metals prices and
expected cash generation in future
periods.

For 2025, we declared an interim ordinary
dividend of 20.8 US cents per share, with a
final ordinary dividend of 10812 US cents
per share, bringing the total for the year to
128,92 US cents per share.

Making the most of today’s
opportunitie:
In my statement last year, | reported
that cost reduction and operational
initiatives had already had a beneficial
impact, and | am pleased to say that this
continued through 2025, and we have
again succeeded in managing our costs
while improving productivity.

Our efforts were significantly
strengthened by a very positive price
environment, which was a major factor in
the year's financial performance. The price
of gold hit all-time highs, while that for
silver more than doubled, following an
increase of 21 per cent in 2024,

However, while we met our production
objectives during the year, we failed to
succeed on the one measure that is
unquestionably our most important:
safety. Despite achieving our lowest TRIFR
(total recordable injury frequency rate)
and LTIFR (lost time injury frequency rate)
since 2018, it is with great sadness that |
must report two fatalities in 2025, one
unionised employee and one contractor.

Everybody at Fresnillo recognises that we
can—and indeed we must — do better.

..While focusing on the future
As expected, the political climate in
Mexico has moved into more positive
territory following the appointment of
the government led by President
Claudia Sheinbaum. Although clear
direction is still required in some areas,
such as permitting for mining activities,
the new administration is proving to be
broadly receptive to the business
community. We are cautiously
confident that this new mood will
continue into 2026 and beyond,
underpinning our continued
commitment to the environment and
supporting the development of the
communities in which we operate.

Our future focus includes further cost
reduction initiatives and operational
efficiencies across the business, and
these will be complemented by an
exploration pipeline that is expected to
yield at least one, and possibly more,
projects that can move into our
development portfolio within the next
two to three years.

The pipeline was enhanced during 2025
by our move to acquire Probe Gold Inc.,
a leading Canadian exploration
company focused on the acquisition,
exploration, and development of highly
prospective gold properties. Following
extensive due diligence to ensure it had
the potential to add considerable long-
term value for our shareholders, we
concluded the deal in January 2026 for
an all-cash consideration of CAD$3.65
per share. The total equity value of the
transaction was approximately
CAD$770 million (approx. US$SSS
million) on a fully diluted basis.

The acquisition of Probe is consistent with
the disciplined approach to M&A that we
have consistently set out over time -
including in my statement last year - and
meets our strict criteria of having a
sizeable resource base with upside
optionality in a mining-friendly region
with mining history, skilled personnel, and
existing infrastructure. Exploration is in
the DNA of both companies and we look
forward to working closely together as we
advance the exciting Novador project. The
Fresnillo team has visited the Probe site
on several occasions and has met directly
with stakeholders including employees,
First Nations representatives and local,
provincial and federal authorities.

Board activities

Our regular Board meetings provide the
opportunity for members to explore and
discuss a wide range of issues that impact
the business. These include operational

matters and the prevailing political
landscape at home and abroad, amongst
others. Key decisions this year have
included the special dividend, the decision
toend the Silverstream Agreement, and
the agreement to acquire Probe. There
was also considerable focus on safety,
culture, the ERP system, cyber security
and cost reduction.

As in previous years, one of the
highlights of 2025 was the three-day
Working Meeting in Mexico, which was
held in July and provided a significant
opportunity for the Board to engage
with longer-term strategic and
stakeholder issues. The meeting
included a visit to Herradura, where we
were able to see for ourselves the
tremendous improvements that the
local team has been implementing.

Changes to the Board

There were no Board changes during
the year. As | explain more fully in my
introduction to the Governance section
on page 147, a number of significant
developments for which the Audit
Committee is responsible remain
ongoing, The Nomination Committee
has therefore proposed that at the 2026
AGM, Alberto Tiburcio (who was
appointed to the Board in May 2016 and
has chaired the Audit Committee since
2018) should again stand for re-election
as an Independent Non-Executive
Director for one further year

In addition, the Board is recommending
the re-election of Dame Judith
Macgregor as an Independent Non-
Executive Director at the 2026 AGM,
notwithstanding that she will reach the
ninth anniversary of her appointment to
the Board soon after that AGM. In view
of the other Board changes being made
this year, we consider that it will be
highly beneficial to the Company for her
to serve one further year in her role as
Senior Independent Director.

We will be consulting with shareholders
concerning the proposed re-election of
both Alberto and Dame Judith before
publication of the notice of meeting for
the 2026 AGM.

Outlook

Uncertainty will in all likelihood continue
to be the watchword regarding global
geopolitics, with ongoing conflicts such
as the wars in Ukraine and the Middle
East being exacerbated by heightened
tensions between the US, China and
Russia, along with developments in
Venezuela that will have important
implications for the whole region. We
expect tariffs to remain a key issue for
international trade, although these may

evolve to become more negotiated and
targeted.

The acquisition of Probe Gold Inc. has
expanded our presence into Canada,
while we have also continued to pursue
opportunities across the broader Western
Hemisphere through our activities in Peru
and Chile. However, Mexico remains
central to our operations, and we will
continue to engage proactively with the
government there.

The new administration's more business-
friendly approach has already had a
positive impact on our industry, and we
anticipate that this could further
strengthen in the coming months.

In terms of our operations, our teams will
again work hard to maintain and
enhance the initiatives that have driven
stable production and cost efficiencies in
recent months. We will also focus on
moving the most promising advanced
exploration projects further along our
pipeline.

We expect the high price environment
for silver and gold to be maintained
following the structural shift in prices
seen in 2025. Advanced technologies,
notably those around the energy
transition, are underpinning sustained
strength in silver prices, At the same
time, ongoing global uncertainty is
leading many investors to seek safe-
haven assets, offering further support to
both gold and silver prices. Looking
ahead, demand is forecasted to
continue to exceed supply.

lam confident that we have the people,
the strategy and the determination to
capitalise on the many opportunities that
will be presented in the months and years
tocome. Following a year when Fresnillo
recorded a set of exceptional results, our
ambitions to continue to deliver on our
promises - to meet expectations and
where possible go beyond them — burn as
brightly as ever.

| would like to end by putting on record
my gratitude to all our stakeholders -
including those working in the supply
chain and in government, as well as
local communities, investors and, of
course, our talented workforce — for their
support over the past 12 months.

Alejandro Bailléres
Chairman

Fresnillo ple Annual Report and Accounts 2025

We worked hard on factors
within our control to boost
performance and reduce costs
during 2025. These efforts led to
a solid operational performance
across the portfolio, with gold
production exceeding the upper
end of the guidance range and
silver production delivered in line
with guidance. At the same time,
factors beyond our control,
including geopolitical instability,
have led to significant increases
in the prices of precious metals —
and we have been able to
capitalise on the valuable
opportunities that opened

up for us.

Together, our own efforts and the
external environment have come
together to generate an
exceptional year for Fresnillo.

© For more details on our
performance see pages 16-17

600.3 koz

Attributable gold production

48.7 moz

Attributable silver production

CHIEF EXECUTIVE'S STATEMENT
OCTAVIO ALVIDREZ

lam delighted to report on what was an
outstanding year for Fresnillo, as we
continued to execute our long-term
strategy. The tremendous efforts of our
teams were complemented by sustained
high prices for precious metals, with gold
in particular reaching all-time highs.

2025 saw our Company deliver strong
operating and financial results
Profitability increased on the back of our
unrelenting focus on operational
efficiencies supported by rigorous cost
discipline and given added momentum
by very favourable prices for precious
metals. The outcome was the
generation of substantial free cash

flow and a robust balance sheet with
ample liquidity.

Our people again demonstrated their
deep-seated commitment to the
Company's Purpose to contribute to the
wellbeing ot people through the
sustainable mining of silver and gold.
Their continuing dedication and
expertise will be crucial in the years
ahead, as a number of projects in our
exciting pipeline move towards
becoming operational mines

At the same time, we must strengthen
‘our safety performance. While most of
our indicators continued to improve,
two fatalities overshadowed that
progress. These incidents are painful
reminders that zero fatalities is the only
acceptable outcome, and that our first
and most important responsibility is to
ensure the safety of our colleagues.

Production highlights and price review
Total gold production was 6003 koz,
above our guidance range and, as.
expected, down by 5.0% frorn 631.6 koz
in the previous year. This was primarily
due to the lower ore grade and
decreased ore throughput at Saucito
and Fresnillo, as well as at Herradura,
where performance nevertheless
exceeded original plans.

Exceptional performance
in a positive price

environment

Total silver production of 48.7 moz was
towards the lower end of the guidance
range, down by 13.5% from S6.3 moz in
2024. While the ongoing turnaround at
Saucito has started to deliver the
anticipated outcomes, there remain
significant opportunities for further
improvement. However, both
production and ore grades were above
plan at Juanicipio and San Julian Veins,
helping to offset challenges elsewhere,
including at Ciénega and Fresnillo.

Attributable by-product lead and zinc
production decreased year-on-year,
mainly due to the lower ore grade and
volumes of ore processed at Fresnillo
and the cessation of mining activities at
San Julién DOB.

Please find more details on
Production at each of our mines on
pages 30-41,

During 2025 silver and gold prices
increased markedly for the third
consecutive year. The average realised
silver price was US$43.6 per ounce, up
by 51.4%, while the price of gold hit
record highs, rising by 44.0% to
US$3,5327 per ounce during the year.
Average prices for zinc increased by 3.2%
while those for lead decreased by 5.3%.

Demand for silver and gold is
continuing to outstrip supply, with the
key drivers of demand indicating good
levels of support for prices in the
medium term. The world's increasing
reliance on advanced technologies,
particularly those associated with the
energy transition, is a major factor in
demand for both silver and gold. Silver is
essential to a wide range of applications
from electric vehicle batteries and solar
panels to SG telecommunications, and
also in the food, medical and electronics
sectors. Towards the end of 2025, the
importance of silver was underlined
when the US and Chinese governments
officially categorised it as one of the
world’s essential metals,

The tremendous efforts of our
teams were complemented by
sustained high prices for
precious metals.”

Gold is a key component in consumer
electronics as well as in rapidly growing
areas such as the automotive, aerospace
and high-speed computing industries.
In addition, demand for gold - and
increasingly also for silver — as a safe
haven has remained robust, among
central banks as well as individual
investors.

Please see pages 18-19 for more details
on prices and how they have been
influenced by market dynamics.

Executing our strategy

Our strategy has been well defined and
consistently applied for many years. It is
based on four strategic pillars that
together enable us to maintain and,
where possible, enhance our track
record of seizing the opportunities of
today while also preparing for the
future.

Maximising the potential of existing
operations

Improving the productivity and
efficiency of our operational mines has
been the subject of great focus over the
last two to three years. While some of
our operations are yet to fully achieve
their targets, the trend is positive.

Fresnillo ple Annual Report and Accounts 2025

8

Strategic Repo

CHIEF EXECUTIVE'S STATEMENT CONTINUED

OCTAVIO ALVIDREZ

In last year's report, our Chief Operating
Officers outlined a number of specific
plans to deliver greater efficiency and
Cost control in their respective regions. In
the Central Region, for example, a key
task was to consolidate operations at
Juanicipio, confirm the turnaround at
Saucito and focus on greater control of
the factors affecting ore grades at
Fresnillo. Successful actions against the
first and second of these priorities formed
the basis for the region's silver production
in 2025, with Juanicipio performing above
plan. MAG Silver, our joint venture partner
at Juanicipio, was acquired by Pan
American during the year, and we have
already started to work closely with them
to ensure that Juanicipio continues to
fulfil its outstanding potential

At the Fresnillo mine, challenges are
proving more complex to overcome.
Although ore grades improved, we
processed a lower volume of mineral
during the year due to reduced
contributions from deeper, narrower
and more distant veins. However, the
San Carlos shaft is now beginning to
reduce haulage costs for the substantial
arnounts of ore we expect to mine from
these areas in the coming years.

At our operations in the Northern
Region of Mexico, several improvement
initiatives have already paid dividends.
Gold production at San Julian Veins
increased due to a greater volume of ore
processed, driven by the disciplined
execution of plans to optimise plant
operation. At Herradura, we have
continued the transformation that
began in 2024, controlling costs and
focusing on planning and execution,
including the recovery of gold content
from the oxidised high-grade ore
deposited at the leaching pads. Our
plans to commence underground
activities at Herradura have progressed
well, with mining works expected to
commence in 2026 and production set
to follow early in 2027. We experienced
challenges at Cignega, where
production decreased compared to
2024. Nevertheless, we remain confident
in the mine's future, and expect cost
control measures, operational
efficiencies and a renewed exploration
programme to successfully extend
Ciénega’s life beyond 2028

Delivering growth through
development projects

Although none of the projects discussed
in the following section are yet quite
ready to move out of the exploration
phase and become standalone
development projects, | look forward to
reporting further progress in next year's
Annual Report.

Fresnillo ple Annual Report and Accounts 2025

Extending the growth pipeline

We currently have five advanced
exploration projects in our pipeline, an
increase of one compared to this time
last year.

Ahistoric, world-class gold and silver
epithermal vein field, our Guanajuato
project stretches more than 40
kilometres along the central Mexican
state from which it takes its name and is
expected to make an important
contribution to the Group's future silver
production. During 2025, exploration
concentrated on the southern part of
the district where we drilled 107,759
metres. We continued to carry out
scoping level studies as well as
community engagement programmes
which have already delivered access to
key sections of land required for

the project.

We remain moderately confident in the
potential of our underground gold
project at Oriswo, despite the
significant capital expenditure on
infrastructure — including roads, tailings
storage facilities, accommodation
camps and land access - required to
bring it to fruition, Following a review at
the end of 2025 into the results of pre-
feasibility studies, we are identifying
Possibilities to improve the project's
cost-effectiveness and anticipate
presenting next stage proposals to the
Board for approval in the second half.

of 2026.

‘At Rodeo, an open pit, heap leaching
gold project in central Durango state,
we aim to finalise exploration activities
in the first half of 2026. Over 5,000
metres have now been collared, proving
good continuity of the ore bodies.
Results of a preliminary economic
assessment are expected in mid-2026,
giving us greater visibility of
considerations including development
layout, water and energy supply as well
as key technical issues.

Exploration continued progressing at
the Tajitos gold project. In 2025 the
Mexican government began to grant
permits for open pit mining, and this
has removed a degree of uncertainty for
the project, paving the way for the new
preliminary economic assessment that
we expect to conclude early in 2026.

We also made encouraging progress
with our project at Lucerito during 2025,
and this has now joined Guanajuato,
Orisyvo, Rodeo and Tajitos in the
advanced exploration project pipeline.
More than 9,100 metres of drilling were
carried out at Lucerito over the last 12
months, and we have good grounds to
believe that the ore body there includes

extensive resources with a positive
combination of gold, silver and zinc.

Our pipeline has been further enhanced
by the acquisition, after the year end, of
Probe Gold Inc. Probe's assets include
the Novador Gold Project, as well as the
early-stage Detour Gold project, both
located in Quebec, Canada. In addition
to providing us with strategic entry into
a World-class Tier 1 mining jurisdiction,
Probe adds a large resource base of 10
million ounces of gold. Novador alone
has the potential to produce over
200,000 ounces per annum over 10+
years, and we are confident that this
project, together with our advanced
exploration projects in Mexico, will
underpin Fresnillo's long-term future,
further positioning us as one of the
leading precious metals companies in
the world

Exploration continued across the
portfolio during the year, with positive
results yielded by brownfield exploration
around the Fresnillo and San Julian
districts and by greenfield drilling at
Candameha, in addition to activities at
those projects already mentioned. We
also continued to make progress at our
mining concessions in South America.
In Chile, we completed 1,654 metres of
drilling at Capricornio, a joint-venture
project with SQM, while in Peru we
drilled 2,058 metres at the Chiclayo
project, with modest results, and
strengthened our community

relations plan.

At the end of the year, silver in
consolidated overall mineral resources
decreased by 8.5% vs 2024 to 2.06bn oz.
This was mainly due to the application
of a new approach, in line with industry
best practice, to classify mineral
resources based on their expected
future economic extraction. Although
this initially reduces the reported
resource base, it enhances transparency
and strengthens long-term confidence
in the estimates. Gold in consolidated
overall mineral resources increased by
14.0% vs 2024 to 44.0 moz, primarily
driven by the favourable impact of the
higher price of gold at Herradura and
the Lucerito exploration project.

Silver in consolidated overall ore
reserves increased by 9.4% to 362.6 moz,
mainly due to higher metals prices and
a lower cut-off grade together with the
addition of ounces through the infill
campaign, primarily at the Fresnillo
district. Gold in consolidated overall ore
reserves increased by 7.4% to 7.8 moz as
a result of the higher gold price,
principally at Herradura

Advancing and enhancing the
sustainability of our operations
Thanks to the commitment of our
teams, we have achieved steady
progress in our safety journey since
2018, with a 69% decrease in TRIFR (total
recordable injury frequency rate] and
51% in LTIFR (lost time injury frequency
rate). The last year alone saw those
indices decrease by 17.6% and 13.7%,
respectively. However, such progress
cannot outweigh any loss of life. The two
fatal accidents we experienced during
the year—one involving a unionised
employee and one a contractor—
completely eclipse the gains. Our
thoughts are with their families, friends
and colleagues. These tragedies
underline the fact that our work is far
from finished: we can never be
complacent about safety.

We have examined both incidents
thoroughly and have begun to implement
the appropriate corrective actions to
support our goal of zero fatalities.
Although mining carries intrinsic risks, we
have the systems, the training and the
leadership to manage and mitigate them.
Ultimately, however, safety requires every
person to fully embrace their responsibility
—taking ownership not only of their own
wellbeing, but also that of their colleagues.
This principle is the foundation of our
Care, We Care’ strategy.

As | reported last year, the new
government administration has shown
a greater openness to dialogue with the
mining industry. These exchanges have
reinforced that sustainability-related
issues, including those most critical to
local communities, are central in
advancing Mexico's environmental and
social policy agenda—from
implementing the National Agreement
for Forests, Jungles and Mangroves to

reducing GHG emissions by 35% by 2030
and safeguarding the fundamental
right of access to water. On key
sustainability matters such as these,
Fresnitlo has been - and will continue to
be ~a strategic partner.

On the decarbonisation front, we remain
focused on sourcing 75% of our eneray
consumption from renewables. While we
have consistently surpassed this target in
recent years - including in 2025 - we
recognise that it will become increasingly
challenging as exploration projects
transition into operation and demand
more energy. We remain committed to
ensuring that our environmental! ambition
keeps pace with our business growth
and that our energy supply remains
reliable, competitive and grounded in
clean sources.

We have decided to pause the dual fuel
project at Herradura, which introduced
several LPG-diesel trucks into the
haulage fleet. Shifts in price and
performance dynamics mean that,
unless conditions change significantly,
we will retire these units at the end of
their operational life and either revert to
a diesel fleet or explore other
technologies, such as electric trucks

Mining operations not only require large
quantities of water but are also
frequently situated in arid locations
where the population is already
experiencing a high degree of water
stress. Over the years we have advanced
a range of initiatives to reduce our water
footprint and support infrastructure and
sanitation for local communities. For
example, in 2025 the Proafio
Potabilisation Water Plant was
inaugurated in partnership with the
municipal government of Fresnillo. This
project diverts and treats mine water
from the Fresnillo mine to supplement
the local potable water system.

Having exceeded our 2025 targets for
the representation of women in both
our total workforce and managerial
positions a year ahead of schedule, we
have now begun defining the next
stage of our ambition. Inclusion is a
great source of strength and essential
for attracting and developing the best
talent at a time when we are preparing
for a new phase of growth - both within
Mexico and beyond.

Please find more details about our
extensive sustainability initiatives on
pages 56-117

Looking ahead
We have indicated that production of
silver and gold from our current
operations is expected to reduce in
2026, largely due to geological factors
at our operating assets. The goal is to
improve the quality of the ounces we
Produce by continuing to implement
the wide range of initiatives introduced
by Tomas Iturriaga and Daniel Diez, our
Chief Operating Officers, to increase
efficiency and reduce costs. At the
same time, we will aim to move all five
of the advanced exploration projects
further along our pipeline. We believe
that all of these projects show good
potential - the goal now is to identify
and promote those that are best suited
to the current economic and
operational situation, and | anticipate
being able to provide a positive update
in next year's Annual Report.

More generally, cost control will
continue to be a focus in 2026, given
cost pressures globally and the strength
of the Mexican peso. On the other hand,
we anticipate that our operational
performance will be enhanced by the
continuation of a high price
environment for silver and gold, with
global production failing to meet

the steady increase in demand for

both metals.

Our optimism is based on experience
and an understanding of both known
and unforeseen challenges, which we
address through careful planning,

precise execution, and risk mitigation.

Finally, | would like to pay tribute to the
fine work of our teams, who worked
with great skill and determination to
execute our strategy over the last 12
months. | thank them unreservedly. The
exceptional results we have posted this
year would not have been possible
without them.

Octavio Alvidrez
Chief Executive

Fresnillo ple Annual Report and Accounts 2025

[8

10

thategicReponts

BUSINESS MODEL

Our ability to create value is underpinned by the quality of our assets, the capability of our
people, operational performance, the mitigation of risks and disciplined capital allocation.

STRATEGIC:RESOURCES AND RELATIONSHIPS

People Natural resources
We rely on the skills, experience and
commitment of our people to create
sustainable value. Attracting, developing
and retaining high-quality talent is
fundamental to achieving our business
objectives. We have a skilled workforce of
7177 unionised workers and employees
and 11,096 contractors who provided
services along our full value chain during +
2025, supported by an experienced and
purpose-led leadership tearn. .

and energy.

(efficiency of 83.5%).

Our operations rely on a range of natural
resources, including surface land, water

+ 13 million hectares in mining
concessions in Mexico.

+ 259 thousand hectares in Peru and

137 thousand hectares in Chile.

54,695 megalitres of reused water

77.8% of our electricity consumption
comes from renewable sources.

Relationships with key stakeholders
Our stakeholders include governments,
communities, suppliers, customers,
shareholders and our workforce. We
maintain purposeful engagement with
these stakeholders to understand the
issues that matter to thern, address
them collaboratively, and gain their trust.
We balance their priorities to ensure the
social acceptance of our operations and
maintain our licence to operate,
enabling us tocreate shared value and
achieve long-term success.

HOWIWEYOBERATE

COMPETITIVEFAD VANTAGE;

Fresnillo is a leading precious metals mining company with a world-class portfolio of mining

operations and undeveloped resources.

[Age

Through a disciplined and sustainable exploration strategy
that invests across price cycles, we have built a proven track
record of discovering world-class gold and silver mines. This
success is driven by our highly regarded team of 95 geologists
across Mexico, Peru, and Chile, supported by 84 specialists in
claims management, land negotiation, safety, community
relations, environmental contro! and administration, Our team
also includes 340 assistants drawn from local communities.
Together, they operate with realistic budgets and are widely
respected across the industry. The acquisition of Probe Gold
Inc. early in 2026 further strengthened our exploration
capabilities, expanding our geographic reach into Canada and
enhancing our technical capabilities,

© For more information see pages 42-46

A. OPERATE

Through our commitment to sustainable business practices,
we have built a portfolio of high-quality assets and ample
mineral resources, sustained through continued investment in
infrastructure and technological improvements. We
consistently prioritise safe, environmentally responsible
working practices and foster a high-performing culture that
delivers production at competitive costs. We seek to enhance
productivity by evolving our mining practices and optimising
capacity and beneficiation processes.

© For more information see pages 30-41

Sharing the benefits

(Acuap

We assess each potential operation against a set of strict
criteria including risk, potential returns, and the long-term
sustainability and value to our stakeholders. We only approve
projects with the potential to create value across precious
metals price cycles. Approved projects have the ability to
optimise long-term productivity at minimal risk, drawing
synergistic benefits from our district consolidation strategy
while also creating opportunities for costs to be shared
through our association with the Pefioles Group and
members’ common requirements across 2 number of
service areas.

PAYSUSTAIN)

Responsible mining is integral to our business model. We
embed ethical, social and environmental considerations into
decision-making, uphold high standards of conduct, safety
and governance, and engage closely with communities.
Grounded in a strong ethical culture and a deep
understanding of local economies, cultures and communities,
we are committed to creating shared value through our
operations.

Economic value distributed is considered to be a social performance measure.

Wages and benefits to workers (US$)

For more information see
page 107

167.6m

Fresnillo ple Annual Report and Accounts 2025

Wages and benefits to workers (US$)

1,080.2m