SUPPORTING OUR

PEOPLE
LIVING UP TO OUR
PURPOSE

| ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2020 [ numa

Ss

Fresnillo ple is the world’s
largest silver producer
and Mexico's largest gold
producer, listed on the
London and Mexican
stock exchanges.

STRATEGIC REPORT CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
01 Performance highights 136 TheChairman'sietter
02 Whereweoperate onGoverence 2020
04 Chairman’statement 138 Ourapproachto Governance
08 Ourpurpose 139 TheBoardin2020
10 Oxreuture 140 About the Board commitiges
12 Workforce engagement 142 The Bode! Dvector.
14 Chiat Executive's statement 46 Executive Commitee
8 Markets review: 14? UK Corporate Governance code
20 Business mode! 148 Boardieadershipand purpore
22 Putting ourstakeholdersfrst 150 Divsionofresponsibities
28 —Relationshipswithkey stakeholders ‘152 Composition succession
32. Ourstrategy and evaluation
40 Reviewof operations 153 Nominations Commitae report
6 Financialreview 156 Avcit Commitige report
7B Letterfcorn the Chaierman 168 Directors’ remuneration ata glance
ofthe HSECR committee 170 Directors remuneration report
79° Sustainability the core 183 Director'report
ofourpurpose 186 Stalementof director’ responsibities
110 Managing our isks and opportunities
130 2020Viabiiy statement and
‘geing concer staternent
132 Boaresappreachio
stakeholder engagement
182 Section 72 Corppanies statement

Non-financial information statement

OUR PURPOSE

Our Purpose is to contribute to the wellbeing of people through
the sustainable mining of silver and gold.

Covid-19 has changed the ways in which we all work andlive.
Throughout these dark and challenging days, the Fresnillo.
Purpose has come to the fore as a watchword for our behaviours
and a guide to how best to navigate the pandemic. When we first
articulated our Purpose, it was important to us that it was not just
a set of words to shape our future, but something that sprang
directly from how we have always operated as a business. By
living up to our Purpose throughout the pandemic, we have been
able to protect and support our people, maintain production
close to the expected levels and continue to contribute to the
wellbeing of our stakeholders - including shareholders, local
communities, suppliers, the authorities and the environment.

-> Formoreinformation onour Purpose
See pages 08-09

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

187 Independent aucitor’srepor 264 Consolidated audited mineral

198 Consolidatedincome statement ‘resource statement

199 Consolidatedstatement of 265 Consolidated audited mineral
comprehensiveincome resource statement of exploration

200 Consolidated balance sheet projectsand prospects

201 Consolidaiedstatement 266 Audited ore reservestatement
of cashflows 267 Auditedore reserve statement
202 Consolidated statement for Minera Juanicipio
of changes in equity 268 Operating statistics
203 _Nolestotheconsoldated 20 Shareholderinformation

Financial statements,

243 Parent company siatement
‘of comprehensiveincome

244 Parent company balance sheet

245 Parent company statement
of cash flows

246 Parentcompany statement
‘of changes inequity

247 Notesto the prent company
inancial statements

STRATEGIC
REPORT

PERFORMANCE
HIGHLIGHTS

Against a background of the significant challenges presented
by Covid-19, we have put the principles of our Purpose into
action, focused on the wellbeing of people and delivered a
more than respectable performance.

SILVER PRODUCTION

53.1 moz

-2.9%

TOTAL ATTRIBUTABLE
SILVER RESOURCES.

2,292.5 moz

+1.6%

STRATEGIC HIGHLIGHTS

Welcomed new Chief Operating Officer
‘Tomés Iturriaga.

+ Appointed Guillermo Gastélumas Vice
President of Exploration,

+ Successfully restructured the Company's
debt, buying back US$481,7 million from
the US$800 million Senior Notes at 5.5%
duein 2023 andissuing new USS850
million Senior Notes at 4.25% due in 2050.
Registered asa supporter of the Task Force
on Climate-related Financial Disclosures
(TCFO).

Reported under the climate change and
water security programmes of the Carbon
Disclosure Project (CDP).

Launcheda strategy to increase the
participation and inclusion of women.

For more information
See pages 04-07

GOLD PRODUCTION

769.6 koz

-121%

TOTAL ATTRIBUTABLE
GOLD RESOURCES

38.9 moz

-0.2%

OPERATIONAL HIGHLIGHTS.

Attributable silver production of 3.1 moz
(including Silverstream), down 2.9% vs. 2019
due to the expected lower ore grade at
Saucito, mitigated by a higher ore grade at
San Julidn Disseminated Ore Body (DOB)
and development ore from Juanicipio being
processed for the first time

Attributable gold production of 769.6 koz
decreased 12.1% vs. 2019 driven primarily bya
lower volume of ore processed at Herradura
and Noche Buena, Production at both mines
was impacted by Covid-19 operational
restrictions. At Noche Buena it was also
affected by a reduction in operating areasas
the mine approaches its planned closure
and bya minor event inone of the pit walls.
Continued progress on the Juanicipio
processing plant, with commissioning now
expected by 4Q 2021, afew months later

than anticipated due to delayed infrastructure
contracts, Covid-19 preventive measures and
abrief stoppagein construction.

The Pyrites Plant (phase Il) at the Fresnillo
district was completed on time and on
budget. Start-up was deferred due toa
delay in final inspections by the authorities
asa result of Covid-19 restrictions on travel
and other regulatory delays.

The Fresnillo flotation plant optimisation to
cope with higher content of lead and zinc
was completed on time and on budget.

The connection of this new circuit to the
beneficiation plant was postponed until early
2021 to avoid unnecessary interruptions to
normal operations.

Silver resources up 1.6% primarily due to
exploration at Saucito and Ciénega: gold
resources remained stable.

CORPORATE
GOVERNANCE.

FINANCIAL,
STATEMENTS

ADDITIONAL,
INFORMATION

+ Silver reserves decreased 5.5% to 457.4 moz
mainly due to depletion and higher cut-off
grades at Fresnillo, and an updated mine
production planat San Julian which
incorporates new geotechnical criteria,
mitigated by the increase at Seucito.

+ Gold reserves decreased 8 8% to 8.438 koz
primarily due to more stringent geotechnical
and cost considerations at Herradura and
depletion at Noche Buena

+ Weregret toreport one fatality during 2020.

For more information
See pages 40-65,

FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS

Adjusted revenue! of USS2,608.1 million,
up 14.9% over 2019 due to higher gold and
silver prices, which were partially offset by
the lower volumes of gold and silver sold.
Revenue of US$2,430.1 million, up 14.6%
‘over 2019 primarily due to increased
adjusted revenue.

+ Gross profit of US$879.4 million, up 90.5%
due to the favourable effect of higher
average realised gold and silver prices;
EBITDA? of USS1169.1 million, up 73.4%.
Profit from continuing operations before
net finance costs and income tax of.
USS6497 million, up 278.3%,

Capex of USS412.3 million, down 26.3%.
Dividends of US$10.47 million paid, down
26.4%, inline with our dividend policy
which includes a consideration of profits,
generated in the year.

+ Strong balance sheet and low leverage ratio:
cash and other liquid funds? of USSL070.4
million, up 218.0% driven by ourdebt
restructuring and operational performance
andin spite of the pandemic, investing
US$4123 million in capex and spending
USS1073 million on exploration expenses
tounderpin our future growth.

Formore information
See pages 66-77

ESG HIGHLIGHTS

Participated in the Workforce Disclosure
Initiative (WDI) for the first time.

Partnered with our communities and

the authorities to respond to Covid-19.
‘Made encouraging progress through our
‘Step-Up’ Culture programme to embed
ethics into our organisational culture.
Launched a programme to preventand
address labour and sexual harassment.
Participated for the first time in the

PAR Ranking, the largest ranking in

Latin America that measures gender
equity performance.

Includedin the FTSE4Good Index,
Ethisphere’s list of the world’s most ethical
companies and ranked secondin the
Corporate Integrity Ranking in Mexico.

For more information
Seo pages 78-109

1 Adjusted revenveis the revenue shownin he income statement adjused to add back reatment and refining costs and god fend and anc hedging
‘Tne Company considers this useful adctional messure to help understand undedying factors diving revenue in terms of volumes sold and realised prices.
Te reconclationof Adjusted revenue o Revenue as shown in the incame statement is provided on page 68.

2 Eamingsbeforeinierest taxes, depreciation and amortisation (EBITOA) sealulated as profit forthe year fom continuing operations beloreincome tax less france income,
plus finance costs, fess foreign exchange gain/(oss). less revaation effets the Siverstream contract and other operating income plus other operating expenses and deprecation.
‘The reconciliation of EBITDA to amounts determined in accordance wth IFRS can be foundon page 73,

3. Cashandotner quid fundsare csciosedin Note 30(c) othe consolidated financial statements

(01- FRESNILLO PLC
ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2020

STRATEGIC
REPORT

WHERE WE OPERATE

Based in Mexico, Fresnillo draws on the country’s significant geological
resources and strong potential for continued growth. We benefit from Mexico’s
skilled workforce and solid infrastructure, and are proud to continue playing an
important part in a rich mining tradition that stretches back more than 500
years. Our mining concessions extend to approximately 1.7 million hectares

in Mexico, securing valuable employment for just under 20,000 people and
contributing some US$1,721' million to the country’s economy each year.

HERRADURA

> 425.3 koz

7 GOLD PRODUCED IN 2020

SAN JULIAN

HERRADURA

DISTRICT

NOCHE BUENA

88.0 koz

GOLD PRODUCED IN 2020

@ Mining operations
@ Development projects
@ Advanced exploration

17.9 moz

SILVER EQUIVALENT?
PRODUCED IN 2020

10
SAN JULIAN
DISTRICT

CIENEGA
DISTRICT

CIENEGA

10.2 moz ‘

SILVER EQUIVALENT?
PRODUCED IN 2020

FRESNILLO

usA

MEXICO

FRESNILLO
DISTRICT

1 8

15.7 moz

SILVER EQUIVALENT?
PRODUCED IN 2020

1 Economic Value Distributed. This is considered to be a social performance measure.

Formore detail see page,
2 AvAgratioot 170.

02-FRESNILLO PLC
ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2020

SAUCITO

21.5 moz

SILVER EQUIVALENT?
PRODUCED IN 2020

STRATEGIC CORPORATE FINANCIAL ADDITIONAL

REPORT GOVERNANCE STATEMENTS INFORMATION
KEY ASSETS
Asset Type Main metal 2020 EBITDA Reserves (Silver)? Reserves (Gold)?
OPERATING MINES
1_Fresnillo Underground Silver USSI5S.4m 131.0 moz 378 koz 1554
2 Saucito Underground Silver ‘US$278.0m. 139. moz éitkoz 2011
3__San Julién Underground Silver USSI68.4m 656 moz 222koz 2016
4 Ciénega Underground Gold/Silver USSIO74m 337 moz 343 koz 1992
5 Herradura Open pit Gold US$434.5m 6139 koz 1997
6 Soledad-Dipolos?_ Openpit Gold Excludedin 2020, 2010
7_Noche Buena Open pit Gold USS58.2m 326 koz 2012
1 Represents stan of commercial production
2 Sieawalaecrs Spoons Segeincutevgr
DEVELOPMENT PROJECTS
8 Second stage of the Facility to process historical and ongoing tailings from Fresnillo, For more detailon the Pyrites Pant
Pyrites treatment plant to increase metal recovery rates. Project See page 45
(completed in 4Q 2020) Annual total production, including Saucito tailings, expected to
average 35 moz silver and 13 koz gold once operating at full capacity.
9 Juanicipio Silver project in the Fresnillo District. Annual total production For more detail on the Juanicipio
‘expected to average 117 moz silver and 43 koz of gold. project See page 47
Asset Main metal Resources (Silver) Resources (Gold)'
EXPLORATION PROJECTS AND PROSPECTS
10_Orisyvo Gold 123moz ‘9.6 moz
1_Guanajuato Silver/Gold 957 moz 1.5moz
12_Rodeo Gold 13.2moz 13moz
13_Tajitos Gold 539 koz

For more on our exploration
projectsand prospects
Seepages 41-44

1 Asof31May2020.

Inaddition we havea number of further early stage projects and prospects located in Mexico, Peruand Chile.

03- FRESNILLO PLC
ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2020

STRATEGIC
REPORT

CHAIRMAN’S
STATEMENT

INTRODUCTION

This has been the most
challenging and demanding
year in the existence of Fresnillo.
Covid-19 has posed new and
difficult questions around how
we all think and work. It has seen
us embrace new behavioural
norms that would have been
unthinkable almost a year ago
and, sadly, it has destroyed lives
and livelihoods across the world.

SUPPORTING OUR

PEOPLE

LIVING UP TO OUR

PURPOSE

ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2020

During these dark and challenging days, the
Fresnillo Purpose has come to the foreasa
beacon for our behaviouranda guide to how
we could best navigate the pandemic. When
we first articulated our Purpose in 2019, it was

toshape our future, but something that sprang
directly from how we have always operated as
abusiness.

Our Purpose is to contribute to the wellbeing
‘of people through the sustainable mining of
silver and gold.

By living up to our Purpose and holding fast
toourculture and values throughout the
pandemic, we have been able to protect and
support our people, maintain production

close to the expected levels and continue to
contribute to the wellbeing of our stakeholders.
including shareholders, local communities,
suppliers, government authorities and the
environment. Although our production was
affected by the closing of the minesat the
beginning of the pandemic, we have maintained
production close to the expectedlevels.

A positive performance in
difficult circumstances

Despite the disruption caused by Covid-19

and the measures we introduced to mitigate
itseffect, production of siver fromour
underground mines generally remained within
expected ranges. Gold production was lower
than anticipated, largely due to the six weeks’
interruption of mining at our open pit operations,
asinitially mandated by the authorities.

Inspite of these difficult circumstances, the
‘Company achieved US$2,430.1 million in total
revenue and USS2,608.1 million in adjusted
revenue during the year. This represented

an increase of 14.6% and 14.9% respectively,
primarily due to better prices for precious
metals. Gross profit rose year-on-year by
90.5% to US$879.4 million, driven by a
combination of higher prices and lower costs.

F also injecting cast

STRATEGIC
REPORT

Cash and other liquid funds increased from
US$336.6 million to US$1,070.4 million,

reflecting the increased cash generated by
the mines and the restructuring of the debt.

Youwillfind further details on our financial
performanceon pages 66-77

} Ourdividend policy remains unchanged. We aim

to pay out 33-50% of profit after tax each year,

while meking certain adjustments to exclude

non-cash effects in the income statement.
Dividends are paidin the approximate ratio of

E one-third asan interim dividend and two-thirds

important tous that itwas not justasetof words : 282inaldividend Before declaring adividend,

the Board carries outa detailed analysis of the

} profitability of the business, underlying earnings,

capital requirements and cash flow. Ouraimisto
maintain enough flexibility to beable to react to

} movementsin precious metals pricesand seize
attractive business opportunities.

We declared an interim dividend of 23 UScents
per share, with a final dividend of 23.5 US cents

; per share, bringing the total for the year to

25.8 US cents per share.

(Our future financial performance should
benefit from twoactions taken during the

year to ensure the stability and financial health
of Fresnillo, Firstly, while we do not usually
hedge silver and gold prices, unique market
conditions presented an opportunity to limit
downside risk while retaining significant upside
exposure to future silver price increases. We

E have therefore locked-in 7% of 2021 silver

production with an average floor price of
USS20 per ounce, and with an average price
ceiling of approximately US$5O per ounce.

‘The second action involved buying backa
portion of the outstanding debt that was due
tomaturein 2023. With economic conditions
\dicating that this wasa good time to return
to the market, we bought backjust under
US$450m of outstanding debt and then placed
US$850m of new debt due to mature in 2050
This new debt isin the form of a 30-year bond
with an annual interest rate of 4.25% -a lower
rate of interest than the 5.50% of the original
bond set to expire in 2023. Going forward,

this will have the effect of reducing our annual
financing costs and lowering the balloon
payment due in three years’ time while

to the business and
underpinning the Company's financial future.

CORPORATE
GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL,
STATEMENTS

ADDITIONAL
INFORMATION

Putting people and communities first
‘While the pandemic posed challenges for

‘our operations, it also provided an opportunity
todemonstrate our firn commitment to
support our workforce and their families,

‘our communities, the authorities and the
country in difficult times.

We always put the health of our people at

the front and centre of every action-and the
decisions we made at the onset of the pandemic
were no different. twas very pleasing tose

the rapid and united response to the threat of
Covid-19 at ll our facilities, as management and
the workforce collaborated to introduce a wide
range of preventive measures to protect our
people throughout the working day. These
included social distancing at work as well as.
during transportation to and from oursites,

the strict use of PPE and the installation of
sanitisation stations. Our corporate office
teams were required to workfromhome.

We quickly identified vulnerable members of
the workforce - including contractors and
asked them to stay at home on full pay. We
believe that testingis one of the most effective
ways to control the spread of the virus, and we
imported 30,000 tests capable of providing
faster results than those generally available

in Mexico at the time. When people tested
positive, we instructed them to self-isolate
and traces their contacts, who we also tested.

} Fresnillo isan integral part of many communities

~and this yeay, perhaps more than any other,
the partnership between us has been absolutely
central to the health and wellbeing of local
people. We shared our Covid-19 tests with
‘communities in remote locations, and donated
medical and preventive equipment, including
ventilators, o local health authorities. We aiso
donated food, masks and anti-bacterial gels
tovulnerable people, and continued to make
sure that our employment and procurement

processes put the needs of local communities

first -and that included maintaining our
payment terms and providing help to enable
contractors and suppliers to implement health
protocols. Inaddition, in the city of Fresnillo,
we made some of our land available fora facility

that increased the capacity of the local hospital.

‘Communication and partnership played
important olesin our efforts to manage

the virus, not only at oursites and in local
‘communities, but also with the authorities.

We worked closely with the Mining Ministry of
‘Mexico to develop national workplace guidance
forourindustry-and that collaboration was
central to the Government's reclassification of
mining as an essential industry, enabling us to
reopen our open pit operations in May 2020.

05 - FRESNILLO PLC
ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2020

06 - FRESNILLO PLC
ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2020

STRATEGIC
REPORT

CHAIRMAN’S
STATEMENT

CONTINUED

We always put the
health of our people
at the front and centre
of every action.”

As the year came towards its end anda second
wave gathered momentum, we redoubled
ourefforts to support our people - especially
in their communities, which is where the

bulk of transmission appears to take place

For example, we piloted a virus awareness
programme aimed at encouraging children
to understand the dangersand then use their

‘pester power’ to pass the message on to their

parents and other relatives.

Preparing the ground for further success,

As the Chief Executive explains in his statement,

the Fresnillo Full Potential planis starting to have
animpact on production at the Fresnillo mine.
‘Theimpact would have been greaterstil without
the restrictions imposed by the pandemic, but

progress to date gives us cause for cautious

optimism regarding future performance.

Although the Covid-19 pandemic continues to
pose risks and uncertainties, silver production
in the months and years ahead will grow with
the start-up of the Juanicipio mine, which is on
track to be operational in 4Q2021. Ore produced
during the mine development phase is currently
being processed in the flotation plantat Fresnillo.
Future production will also be increased when
the recently-completed Pyrites Flotation Plant
at Fresnillo is operational, Although we have

i made preparations to start-up commercial

production, the inspection thatis required to
be carried out by the authorities in order to
grant the energy permit has been delayed due

} to Covid-19 restrictions on travel. We anticipate

that this inspection will take place in the third
quarter of 2021

Our exploration teams continue to identify

} anddevelop potential projects for our pipeline,
including at Rodeo, which we expect to become

the next open pit gold mine. Theaimis to
present the Rodeo project for Board approval
in mid-2022, Meanwhile, work continues to
complete the feasibility study of Orisyvo, a
significantly larger and more complex gold
project than Rodeo.

} With concern for the impacts of climate

change continuing to increase, the Board took
steps to review and, where possible, intensify
sustainable practices in all of our operations,
becoming 2 registered supporter of the TCFD
during the year. In line with our commitment

} toreduce our greenhouse gas emissions,

the HSECR Committee evaluated whether
‘our Energy Strategy was sufficiently flexible to
enable us to adopt a decarbonisation pathway
‘compatible with the well below 2°C scenario of

the Paris Agreement.

Board activities
Following our approvalof the Company's
Purpose at the end of 2019, the Board's tocus
for the year was on ensuring that we lived up
to the promises made in our Purpose -and

I believe that the events of the last year have
proved both its validity and value

Inmy introduction to the Governance Report

} onpages 136-137 | describe the Board's activities

inmore detail,including how we worked with
our Executive Committee andour colleagues
elsewhere in the BAL Group to ensure that
‘ourworkforce and their communities were
assafe as possible, This necessitated regular
‘engagement with employees as wellas the
Government, aswe sought to introduce
processes and purchase equipment that,
enabled our mines to operate safely.

During the year. an independent egal firm
provided external facilitation for our 2020,
Board and Committee effectiveness reviews,
which this year included an assessment of how
the Board performed during the pandemic
While theres always room for improvement,
Iwas pleased that the review’s findings were
‘once again positive. We provide details of the
review on page 152.

Changes to the Board
Itwas with profound sadness that in November

we leat of the death of Luis Robles, who
served as.n independent Non-Executive
Director since May 2019. I was privileged to
know Luis personally and to work alongside
him -he brought a great wealth of knowledge,
experience and energy to our meetings and to
our Company, and will be sorely missed by all
at Fresnillo.

Iwas delighted that Guadalupe de la Vega was
elected as an independent Non-executive
Director of the Company at the 2020 Annual
General Meeting. Guadalupe is a Managing
Director and CEO of Almacenes Distribuidores
dela Frontera, which owns and operates
chain of convenience stores, gas stations

and medium format supermarkets in the

north of Mexico. We will benefit fromher
strong commitment to communities. She has
been involved in promoting economic and
community development as part of the task
force for Juarez Social and Economic Recovery
Plan, working with the Government to help
realign major infrastructure assets along with
education in order to improve the region's
competitiveness.

Guadelupe's presence at Board meetings
further strengthens our belief that the Board
has the appropriate balance of skills, experience
and gender to oversee the execution and
development of long-term strategy. Her
appointment ensures that Fresnillo complies
with the Hampton-Alexander Review
requirement thet at least 33% of Board members
should be women, With racial inequality and
ethnic diversity coming into greater focus, it
‘was pleasing to see the Parker Review report
that Fresnillo plc met the ethnicity target for
FTSE 100 companies in 2020.

Jaime Lomelin retired asa Director during the
year, having served on the Board since the IPO,
lly as our Chief Executive Officerand since
2012asa Non-executive Director. am grateful
tohim for his wise counsel over many years,
and am delighted that he will continue toact,

as an adviser, ensuring that we will still benefit
from his valuable experience and knowledge.

STRATEGIC
REPORT

CORPORATE
GOVERNANCE

In addition, Georgina Kessel hasbeen
appointed asa member of the Audit Committee
from 1 March 2021, with Guadalupe dela Vega
becoming a member of the Remuneration
Committee on the same date.

We said farewell to two members of our
Executive Committee during the year, Our
Chief Operating Officer André Sougarret
returned to his native Chile while David Giles
retired from his role as Vice President
Exploration, and | thank them both for the
expertise and experience they brought to our
‘Company. On behalf of the Board, | would like
towelcome their successors to Fresnillo, Tomas
Iturriaga and Guillermo Gastélum respectively

Outlook

As| write. a significant degree of uncertainty
remains over how, when and if the virus will
develop and present further challenges, as well
as over the efficacy and availability of a vaccine,
However, as this extraordinary event unfolds,
‘one thing is certain - guided by our Purpose and
underpinned by our culture, we will continue
towork tirelessly to protect the wellbeing of our

} people and all our stakeholders. On behalfof the

Board, | would like to thankmanagement and
particularly our operational teams at the mines
who have worked so hard to deliver satisfactory
production results in the face of extremely
challenging conditions.

The Group isina strong position, supported
bya sound strategy, a positive culture and

an expert executive team. Production has
stabilised as expected, and the pipeline of new
ines and projects - together witha series of
improvement programmes - provides us with
solid grounds for optimism.

Alberto Bailléres
Chairman

FINANCIAL, ADDITIONAL
STATEMENTS INFORMATION
OUR VALUES

Our values are embedded
in our culture and support
our strategy.

Trust

Makes strategic relations more resilient

Responsibility
and Respect

Nurtures care and accountability

Integrity
Prevents the negative consequences
of unethical actions

Loyalty

Builds long-term and reciprocal relations

For more information
Seepage 10

07-FRESNILLO PLC
ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2020

STRATEGIC
REPORT

OUR PURPOSE

At Fresnillo plc, we look ahead,
contributing to the wellbeing of
people through the sustainable
mining of silver and gold.

Precious metals play a key role in the
wellbeing of people. At Fresnillo ple,

we are committed to supplying precious
metals in a sustainable manner. This
means embedding a safe and ethical
culture, implementing mining practices
that are compatible with communities
and the environment and sharing the
benefits of mining with wider society.
This underlines the importance of
deeply integrating responsible business
practices into our business model,

and of considering factors that

affect stakeholders at every critical
decision-making level.

95:

OF OUR NON-UNIONISED EMPLOYEES
BELIEVE THAT FRESNILLO PLC
CONTRIBUTES TO THE WELLBEING OF
PEO

---

Goals.

BOARD’S OVERSIGHT

Considering the issues that
matter to our stakeholders
when evaluating the
strategic plan and making
Principal Decisions.

Risk Management and robust
corporate governance.

For more information
Seepage él

OUR APPROACH TO
SUSTAINABLE MINING

HOW WE DO IT

Engage our people in the long term.
“Step-up’ ethics culture and
commitment to diversity.

‘Care, We Care’ safety programme.
Positive economic impact in the
regions where we operate.
Purposeful social investment
portfolio.

Renewable energy.

Safe chemical and mineral

waste management.

Water stewardship. For more information
See page 81

See how silver and
gold contribute to
the UN Sustainable
Development Goals.

BOARD'S OVERSIGHT
The Health, Safety, Environment
and Community Relations
(HSECR) Committee monitors
the performance of our key
sustainability challenges.

>

09- FRESNILLO PLC
ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2020

STRATEGIC
REPORT

OUR CULTURE

We engage

our people in the

long term to instil a

purpose-led culture where

everybody understands how we

do business. The values that are
embedded in our culture support

our strategy, inspiring winning
behaviours on ethics, safety,
innovation and operational excellence.

Our values are embedded in our culture and
support our strategy:

Trust: Makes strategic relations more resilient
We build trust by engaging our workforce, communities,
authorities and shareholders on the issues that matter
to them. Our Principal Decisions take our stakeholders
into consideration.

Responsibility and Respect: Nurtures care
and accountability

We manage our operations and projects responsibly.
Our social acceptability relies on being accountable for
‘our positive and negative impacts. The ‘I Care, We Care’
programme demonstrates our philosophy of operating
safely. We recognise the inherent value of every person,
value different opinions and beliefs, comply with the law
and protect the environment.

Integrity: Prevents the negative
consequences of unethical actions

Our behaviours and actions should always reflect our
well-established ethical culture. Operating with integrity
is the only way to contribute to the wellbeing of people.

Loyalty: Builds long-term
and reciprocal relations
Strong relationships with our
workforce, community, authorities
and shareholders ensure

our ability to create

long-lasting value.

10-FRESNILLO PLC
ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2020

WINNING BEHAVIOURS
Ethics:
+ Leads transformatively
Acts ethically
Builds trust
Leverages diversity, equity and inclusion
“Step-up’ against harassment and
discrimination

Safety:
Caring for our people and the environment
Accountable and committed leadership

Innovation & Operational Excellence:
Efficiency
Innovation
Open mindset

PO»,

OF OUR NON-UNIONISED EMPLOYEES
THINK THAT FRESNILLO PLC HAS.
MADE DECISIONS CONSISTENT

WITH ITS VALUES DURING THE
COVID-19 PANDEMIC.

*2020 Ethical Culture Assessment
fromEthisphere.