Fresnillo plc

Steady progress through
challenging times

Fresnillo plc | Annual Report and Accounts 2022

| i boa i i oweegs

#161

| h '\ COMPANIES HOUSE i
*ACé3SCIK*™
AOS 20/06/2023
FRESNILLO PLC COMPANIES HOUSE

Company number 06344120

Steady progress |
through challenging |
times ; cum J

aF*
* Bi 25/05/2023 #179
Fresnillo pic | Annual Report and Accounts 2022 COMPANIES HOUSE

Fresnillo plc is the world’s
leading silver producer
and one of Mexico's largest
gold producers, listed on
the London and Mexican
stock exchanges.

Our Purpose
Our Purpose - to contribute to the wellbeing of people

» through the sustainable mining of silver and gold - springs
directly from how we operate as a business. It guides
everything we do and how we do it, and ensures that
we deliver for all our stakeholders, including our teams,
shareholders, local communities, suppliers, the authorities
and the environment.

During the year, our Purpose was instrumental in helping us
to address the impact of the recent labour reform and the
Covid-19 pandemic, while reaching our production targets.
Our approach to our people sits at the heart of what makes
Fresnillo a responsible business and an employer of choice
- and we worked hard to give our teams the help and
support they and their communities needed.

Strategic Report Corporate Governance Financial Statements Additional Information

Strategic Report

Pertormance highlights:
Winera we operate
Chirmarsiatement

Seagy progress

Chet ereetivestatemant
Business mode

Ourmarkats

Ox strategy

Review of operations

Francia evow

Letter rom he Chaman ofthe
HSceRConmiter
Susie tthe core of ou Purpose
Balding trust -reatonshps wi key
Stxonciers

Workforce engagement
anaging ou risks andopportnities
2022 Log-termviabity staterent
Goi concomstatement

Section 172 Companies Act statement
Precipal decision

157 Nomnancilisormation statement

BESRNBsSore

HRFASR FF

Steady progress

through our ESG

approach Corporate Governance
188 TheChaemar letter onGovermance

pad
180 Fresniles approach to Governance
162 About the Board and Committees
18 TheBoardot Orectors

168 Exacutive Committee

169__UKCorporate Governance code
‘compliance statement

170 Boardleadership and purpose

173 Disionot responsibities

175 Composition, succession and evaluation

178 Nominations Committee report

180 Aucit,riskandinterna contro

18 Ausit Committee report

183 Remuneration

194 Owectors Remuneration report

2N__Fresniloplc Diectors report 2022

214 Statement of Diectors responsibiities

Financial Statements
215. Independent aust’ repr tothe
Nembersol fresno pe
225 Consoldstedincome statement
221 Consolidated statement of
temprenersive neome
228 Conediatedalance sheet
330 Cansldated statement of cath we
Steady progress 231 Consolidated statement of

through our people changes neuity

ple —

Tieancial statements

arent Company balance sheet

Parent Company statement of cash

lows

Parent Company statement of changes

inequity

278 Notestotn
Financialstatements

338 8

Additional Information

295 Consolidated ausited mineral resource
statement for underground operational

properties

Consolidated aucitedminerslresource

statement for Sonora properties

Consaliated aucited ineralresource

statement of exploration projects

end prospects

Consolidated audited reserve statement

{orunderground operational properti

Consolidated audited reservestatement

for Sonora properties

‘audited mineratresource andore

$8882 88

‘Shareholder information

Steady progress
through our assets

@ pl4

Fresnillo ple Annual Report and Accounts 2022 1

Performance highlights

Despite challenges including a tight labour
market, inflation, supply chain issues and the
ongoing impact of Covid-19, we made steady
progress in 2022 due to the quality of our
assets, the commitment of our people and
the strength of our approach to ESG.

Review of operations

Attributable gold production

659.9...

-15.3% SQ p30

Attributable gold resources

59. les

+0.3%

Financial review

Attributable silver production
(Including Silverstream)

03 «Lo p82

taro Areguin
5 Chit Fnneil Rear
+1.2%

Sustainability at the core of our Purpose

Attributable silver resources

2205 .Sr |

-6.0%

© pb4

Strategic Report

Operational highlights

‘Attributable silver production of 53.7 moz
{including Sitverstream), inline with guidance,
slightly above 2021 due to increased production
from Juanicipio and higher volumes of ore
processed at Fresnillo, offset by the lower ore
grade at San Julian (Disseminated Ore Body).

Corporate Governance

Attributable gold production of 635.9 koz, in line
with guidance, decreased 15.3% vs. 2021 due toa
decrease in recovery rate and lower ore grade at
Herradura, anda decrease in the volume of ore
processed and lower ore grades at Noche Buena,
Saucito and Ciénega.

The tie in of the Juanicipio flotation plant to the
national grid was concluded by year end, with
‘commissioning starting immediately afterwards.

Due to the prioritisation of the connection at
-Juanicipio, the tie in of the Pyrites plant at
Fresnillo was delayed,

Gold resources remained stable at 39.1 moz;
silver resources decreased 5.0% primarily due to
depletion and higher costs and cut-off grades at
Fresnillo, Saucito and Ciénega, partly offset by
positive exploration results at the Guangjuato
exploration project.

Gold reserves increased 4.4% primarily due to
resource model improvements at Herradura,
partly offset by mine depletion at Noche Buena.

Silver reserves decreased 5.6% to 396.1 moz
mainly due to depletion and higher costs and
cut-off grades at Fresnillo and Saucito, and
depletion at San Julién (DOB), partly mitigated
by exploration at San Julian(Veins).

‘We regret to report that one fatality occurred
during 2022.

For more information
see pages 30-5I.

Financial highlights

Revenue of US$2,433.0 million, down 10.0% over
2021 due to lower adjusted revenue and higher
treatment and refining charges.

Financial Statements

Adjusted revenue! of USS2,597.2 million, down
8.8% over 2021 due to the lower volumes of gold
sold and the decrease in silver price, mitigated
by the increase in silver production and higher
zinc price.

‘Adjusted production costs* of USS1,445.4 million,
Lup 15.2% over 2021 due to inflationary pressures,
costs from Juanicipio and higher maintenance
and personnel costs following the labour reform.
Cost of sales of USS1,897.0 million, up 7.4%

‘over 2021.

Gross profit of USS536.0 million, down 42.8%:
EBITOAS of USS7SI.1 million, down 37.7%.

Profit from continuing operations before net
finance costs and income tax of US$283.6 milion,
down 57.5%.

Strong balance sheet and low leverage ratio;
cash and other liquid funds* of US$968.1 milion,
down 21.6% driven by lower cash flow generated
at the operating mines, aninvestment of
US$582.1 million in capex and dividend payments
‘of US$202.0 million in accordance with our
dividend policy.

For more information
‘see pages 52-61.

11 Adjusted revenues the revenve shownin the income statement adjusted to add back treatment and refining costs and gold leadand
zine hedging. The Company considers ths a useful addtional measure to help understand uneryng factors driving revenue in terms
‘of volumes sold and realised prices. The reconcilation of Adjusted revenue torevenue as shownin theincome statement Is provides
‘on page S.

2. Adjusted production costs ae calculated a cost of sales less depreciation. profit sharing, hedging. change in inventories and
‘unproductive costs, The Company considers this @ useful additional measure tahelp understand undertyng factors crving production
‘costs in terms ofthe diferent stages valved the mining and plant processes, including efficiencies and inefficiencies asthe case
‘maybe and other factors outside the Companys control such as cost inflation or changes in accounting criteria.

3. Enmings before interest axes. depreciation and amortisation (EBITDAis calcdated as grass profit plus depreciation\ess adeiristratve,
seling and elation expenses. The reconciliation of EBITDA to amounts determinedin accordance wthiF RS can be found on page $9.

4 Gashand other quid funds are cisclosedinnote 17 and 3icto the consolidated financial statements.

Additional Information

ESG highlights

Pledged reduction targets in our Fatality Rate and
Total Recordable Injury Frequency Rate(TRIFR)to
reach benchmark ranges set by the International
Council on Mining and Metals(ICMM).

Initiated our Women for Women Mentorship
Programme with a first generation of mentors
and mentees to foster female talent.

Developed and constructed our inaugural TSF
following the Mining Association of Canada’s
international standards in Juanicipio.

Conducted thorough evaluations of technical and
environmental factors in Noche Buena as part of
its closure plan. .

Collaborated with UNAM Foundation and different
local, federal and health authorities to deploy
Community Health Weeks across our units,
benefiting 138 communities and almost

8,000 people.

Although Fresnillo was excluded from the
FTSE4Good Indexin 2022, we remain totally
committed to decreasing carbon emissions
and setting science-based targets nthe future.

Generated an economic impact of

US$2,228.7 million in 2022 through wages,

taxes and payments to suppliers. 67.25% of our
workforce are from the regions where we operate.

For more information
see pages 62-119.

Find out more online at
‘www fresnillopie.com

Where we operate

Based in Mexico, Fresnillo draws on the country's significant geological resources and
strong potential for continued growth. We benefit from Mexico’ skilled workforce and solid
infrastructure, and are proud to continue playing an important part in a rich mining tradition
that stretches back more than 500 years. Our mining concessions extend to approximately
1.7 million hectares in Mexico, securing valuable employment for just over 21,700 people and
contributing some US$2,228.7' million to the country’s economy each year.

Key Assets
Operating mines

‘Asset Type Main metal EBITDA Reserves (Silver)* Reserves (Gold)* Year?
© Fresnitto Underground Silver primary ussv2.im 91.6moz 281Ko2 1854
® saucito Underground Silver primary USsi80.3m 115.8moz 516 koz 2011
© suanicipio Underground Silver primary USSI35.7m 83:3moz 448 koz 2022
© sanvutian Underground Silver primary USSI54.2m 73.6moz 3ilkoz 2016
® ciénega Underground Gold/Silver UssIa.2m 31.8 moz 295 koz 1992
© terradura Open pit Gold USST7S.7m 6,226 koz 1997
© soledad-Dipoios* _Openpit Gold Excluded in 2022 2010
Noche Buena Open pit Gold USS34.5m 92koz 2012

‘Sot S1May2022.

Advanced explorat

‘Total economic impact. This is considered tobe a social performance measure. For more detais see page 11S.
Represents stat of commercial production.
Operations at Soledad-Dipotos are curently suspended.

Read more inour Review of
‘operations on pages 36-51

Asset Main metal Resources(Silver)’ Resources (Gold)®
® orisyvo Gold 12.7 moz 9,575 koz
Guanajuato Silver/Gold 152.3moz 2,202 ko2
@® rodeo Gold 13.8 moz 1331koz
© tajitos Gold 1,093 koz

5 Asof31May2022

In addition, we have many further early stage projects and prospects located in Mexico, Peruand Chil.

For more on our exploration
projects and prospects
See pages 30-36.

4 Fresnillo ple Annual Report and Accounts 2022

Financial Statements Additional Information

Strategic Report Corporate Governance
USA
Herradura Noche Buena Mexico
349.7 koz 79.7 koz
Gold produced in 2022 God produced in 2022
® @
©
San Julian
18.0 moz
Silver equi

produced in

Juanicipio

6.2 moz

Silver equivalent’
produced in 2022

District

Cienega
7.7 moz oo

Silver equivalent!
produced in 2022

Fresnillo

16.4 moz sme
snresinee 17.9) moz
Steet

© Mining operations
© Advanced exploration

1 Au: Agratioof 80.

Fresnillo ple Annual Report and Accounts 2022

Chairman's statement

Steady progress
in challenging
times

66

We recognise that
we live in uncertain
times and will always
approach each
challenge with an
open mind, tailoring
our response to meet
the circumstances
we encounter.”

Alejandro Bailleres
Chairman

6 Fresnillo ple

Strategic Report

Corporate Governance

In common with organisations across the world, this was

a challenging year for Fresnillo that saw us battle against
anumber of factors that were to a large extent beyond our
immediate control, including high volatility in metals prices
and inflationary pressures, among others. While some of
these challenges were global in nature, others were more
specifically related to the mining sector in Mexico.

Against this backdrop, Fresnillo ples operational
performance was in line with our expectations.
As our Chief Executive reports in his statement,
we have made steady progress during the year.
Thanks to the support and engagement of all our
stakeholders, we are a resilient and responsible
business, and we are committed to delivering
returns to shareholders while also laying
foundations for future prosperity.

Reaching our targets
Silver production was broadly stable on the
previous year while gold was down, both in line
with our guidance.

We achieved USS2,$97.2 million in adjusted
revenue during the year. This represented a
decrease of 8.8%, primarily due to the decrease
in the volume of gold produced and lower prices
for silver. Gross profit decreased year-on-year by
42.8% to USS536.0 million, primarily driven by the
decreasein the volume of gold sold, lower silver
prices, the adverse effect of cost inflation, and the
increased consumption of operating materials,
maintenance and contractors, which significantly
impacted cost of sales. Cash and other liquid
funds decreased from USSI,235.3 million to
USS969.1 million as the use of funds, primarily the
investment in capital expenditure and dividend
payments, was higher than the cash generated
by the mines. Please see pages 52-61 or further
details on our financial performance.

We recognise that we live in uncertain times

and will always approach each challenge with
‘anopenmind, tailoring our response to meet

the circumstances we encounter - always with
optimal outcomes for our stakeholders at the
forefront of our minds. However, in one key aspect
of our business we remain steadfastly constant:
‘we will never forsake long-term prosperity for
short-term gain. Our strategy is well established,
and our dividend policy remains unchanged.

We aim to pay out 33-50% of profit after tax each
yeer, while making certain adjustments to exclude
non-cash effects in the income statement.
Dividends are paid in the approximate ratio of
‘one-thirdas an interim dividend and two-thirds
asa final dividend, Before deciaringa dividend,
the Board carries out a detailed analysis of the
profitability of the business, underlying earnings,
capital requirements and cash flow. Our goal is to

maintain enough flexibility to be able to react to
movements in precious metals prices and seize
attractive business opportunities.

For 2022, we declared an interim dividend of 3.40
US cents per share, with a final dividend of 13.30
US cents per share, bringing the total for the year
to 16.70 US cents per share.

Navigating global challenges...
In terms of the macro challenges that faced so
many businesses during 2022, we continued to

be impacted by Covid-19 with 2 fourth and thena
fifth wave reaching Mexico. Although absenteeism
understandably rose for a period, the impact on
‘ur operations was limited. Guided by our Purpose
-tocontribute to the wellbeing of people through
the sustainable mining of silver and gold -we
continued to protect the health and safety of

‘our teams. We worked with the authorities to
implement strict protocols to help prevent the
spread of the virusand facilitated vaccinations

for our people and their communities. These
measures are now permanent features of our
operations, At the year end, the vast majority of
‘our workforce had been fully vaccinated with two
doses and almost half had received their booster.

Covid-19 and commercial tensions between the
USand China meant that we also faced supply
chain issues during the year, and these affected
the timely delivery of equipment and spare parts.
Inaddition, we saw inflation begin to impact the
business, with increases in operating materials,
contractor costs and other inputs, especially in
the second half of the year.

...as wellas those closer tohome

‘Turning to the mining industry in Mexico, anumber
of specific challenges have placed additional
stresses on our Group in recent times.

Firstly, the new labour legislation - which restricts
our abilty to subcontract labour ~ continued to
disrupt our activities, although not to the same
extent asin the prior year. This legislation created
Great pressure on our workforce, which had
historically comprised a high percentage of
contractor personnel, and meant that we had to
adjust our business model and recruit more people
into our in-house workforce, especially difficult in
ahot labour market. The recruitment initiatives

Financial Statements

Additional Information

1s62,597.2n

Gross profit

yss056.0m

which our management teams have been
implementing have borne fruit, and all our mines
are now either fully staffed or very close to it.

‘Secondly, we experienced significant delays
incompleting the tie-ins to the national power

Grid for both our new mine at Juanicipio and the
new Pyrites Plant at the Fresnillo mine. Both

these development projects were expected tobe
operational early in 2022, bringing valuable income
and jobs to local communities. However, additional
requirements and cautionary measures from the
authorities meant that Juanicipio was not able to
‘commence operations until the first quarter in
2023, with the start up of operations at the Pyrites
Plant now expected to follow in the second quarter
ofthe year.

With similar results, we have also continued to
be impacted by delays to permitting processes,
which have increased in both complexity and
timescale. Our exploration teams work hard to
identify potentially profitable mines that are
therefore able, in tum, to bring prosperity to local
communities, including many in poor and remote
regions, and unforeseen delays in obtaining
permits can have a negative knock-on effect.

Fresnillo ple Annual Report and Accounts 2022 7

Chairman's statement continued

Since 2018, we have sourced an average of over,
47% of electricity from wind power. However,

we have been frustrated in some of our attempts
to play our part in mitigating climate change.

Our goal s for wind power to provide 75% of our
electricity by 2030, but our ability to reach that
target requires the support of Mexico's energy
policy. Furthermore, although we have now
‘completed our investment in the facilities to
enable our Herradura haulage fleet to run on dual
fuel(diesel and LNG) engines, which will further
cut our carbon emissions, approval from the
authorities to use certain intrastructure was
delayed but has now been approved.

What these issues demonstrate is that a closer
and mare proactive working relationship with

the Government in Mexico and its various
departments - and their equivalents in Peruand
Chile - would bring great benefits to all parties
involved. | know that we are all striving to achieve
the same things for our country: strong growth,
economic stability, high quality jobs and support
for local cornmunities. Quring the coming months
we will redouble our efforts to engage with
governments and ather authorities ina spirit

of trust and mutual respectin order to help
identify a smooth path ahead that achieves
allourdiverse objectives.

Boardactivities
The Board met regularly throughout the year

and discussed a range of matters, including the
‘ongoing impacts of the labour reform, Covid-19,
inflation and supply chain issues. A significant
degree of Board focus was directed towards

the delays in commissioning experienced at
-Juanicipio. This new mine will be an important
asset for Fresnilloin the years to come andit

was very pleasing to see the efforts of the entire
Fresnillo team eventually rewarded when the tie-in
to the yrid was finally approved in December 2022.

The Boardalso conducted strategy discussions
cn the direction of the Company as well as on both
the Diversity Programme and the Sustainability
Strategy. As we report in more detail on page 77,
in 2022 the Group successfully increased the
participation of women in the workforce, inline
with our Purpose and our values. We regard the
increasing participation and inclusion of women
as the first step in ourjourney to making diversity
‘competitive advantage. The Women for Women
Mentoring Programme’ is now in place, and we
are actively developing leadership and support
networks. One of the pragramme’s key outcomes
will be the appointment of more women to
superintendent positions across our operations.

66

Once again, our
Purpose will be the
corporate and ethical
compass that directs
all our actions.”

8 Fresnillo ple Annual Report and Accounts 2022

Strategic Report

Turning to the Sustainability Strategy, through
the HSECR Committee the Board has continued
to develop a programme and framework for
monitoring and responding to the potential risks
of tailings dams, as well as to climate-related risks
‘and opportunities and our TCFD obligations in
particular. Please see pages 85-101 for more
details. Although it was disappointing that
Fresnilio was excluded from the FTSE4Good
Index in 2022, we remain totally committed

to decreasing carbon emissions and setting
science-based targets in the future, subject to
Mexican energy policy. The steps we are taking
require heavy investment and time to yield results
~but we are confident that we are heading in

the right direction and will look to return to the
FTSE4Good Index as soonas that is possible.

Following last year's Board Evaluation Review, the
Board introduced an additional working session
which specifically focused on the Company's Risk
Framework - including assessment processes,
appetite and tolerance - as well as the long-term
Strategic Plan covering the years to 2037.

For further details of the Board's activities, please
‘see my introduction to the Governance Report
on pages 158-159.

Board changes

‘There were no changes to the Board this year,
with allof the Directors being re-elected at the
2022.46.

Corporate Governance

Financial Statements

Outlook

‘Once again, our Purpose will be the corporate and
ethical compass that directs all our actions and
ensures that we contribute to the wellbeing of all
our stakeholders - shareholders and our people as
well as local communities, the environment and
society at large.

‘While challenges willremain and global macro
issues suchas probable economic recession

will continue to play a major role in our financial
performance and bring with them a degree of
uncertainty, lam confident that we will maintain
the steady progress of the last 12 months. We have
‘managed the fallout from the labour reform well
and, although nothing is certain, Covid-19 appears
finally to be in retreat across the world. Qur new
mine at Juanicipio is set to make an important
contribution to silver production in the months
‘and years ahead and we expect a number of other
exciting projects to progress through our pipeline
and become productive operations.

(On behalf of the Board, | would like to place

‘on record our gratitude to all those who have
helped shape what has ultimately been a year of
progress - our management teams, our workforce
and their communities, and the many suppliers
and partners who work so hard to support us.
By continuing to work together, we will be able
tolook ahead to future growth and prosperity,
investing in Mexico, Pert and Chile and their
people to deliver on the huge potential that
Fresnillo and these countries offer.

Alejandro Bailleres
Chairman,

Additional Information

Fresnillo ple Annual Report and Accounts 2022

9