BETA Close X Fresnillo plc has announced an agreement to acquire shares in Sinda Ltd through a private placement concurrent with Sinda's initial public offering and NYSE listing, aiming to secure up to approximately 5.0% of Sinda's outstanding common stock on a non-diluted basis. This strategic investment provides Fresnillo with enhanced exposure to attractive geological silver districts, particularly a large-scale, high-grade silver-gold greenfield discovery adjacent to Fresnillo's existing exploration project in Mexico. The transaction is contingent on the completion of Sinda's IPO, and Fresnillo will enter into an investor rights agreement and a customary lock-up agreement. Disclaimer* Fresnillo PLC 22 June 2026 Fresnillo plc 21 Upper Brook Street London W1K 7PY United Kingdom www.fresnilloplc.com 22 June 2026 Fresnillo announces investment in Sinda Ltd. Fresnillo plc ("Fresnillo" or "the Company") is pleased to announce today that it has entered into an agreement to acquire shares of common stock (the "Common Shares") of Sinda Ltd ("Sinda") pursuant to a private placement concurrent to Sinda's initial public offering (the "IPO") and NYSE listing in the United States (the "Concurrent Placement"). The purchase price per Common Share for the Concurrent Placement will be the same as the per share public offering price to be set forth on the cover page of the final prospectus relating to the IPO. Upon completion of the Concurrent Placement, Fresnillo will hold up to approximately 5.0% of the issued and outstanding of Common Shares of Sinda, on a non-diluted basis. The closing of the Concurrent Placement is conditioned on the completion of the IPO. Sinda holds title to, or has exploration and exploitation rights on, five contiguous mining concessions covering a large-scale, high-grade, silver-gold greenfield discovery (the " Sinda Property " or the " Project") , adjacent to Fresnillo's advanced exploration project , located in the historic Guanajuato epithermal silver belt of Mexico. The Sinda Property is a large primary silver asset that has the potential to be a globally significant mining operation. Fresnillo is acquiring the Common Shares to enhance its exposure to attractive geological silver districts, complementary to the Company's organic portfolio. Closing of the Concurrent Placement is subject to customary closing conditions, including the closing of the IPO. In connection with the closing of the Private Placement, Fresnillo and Sinda will enter into an investor rights agreement providing, among other things, a standstill on customary terms and conditions and participation rights in favour of Fresnillo to maintain its pro-rata interest in Sinda on a non-diluted basis, provided Fresnillo maintains a certain ownership threshold in Sinda. In addition, Fresnillo has entered into a lock-up on customary terms with respect to the Common Shares purchased in the Concurrent Placement. A registration statement on Form S-1 has been filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") relating to the shares to be offered in the IPO (the "IPO Shares") but has not yet become effective. The Common Shares, like the IPO Shares, will be listed on the NYSE, and will have the same rights and privileges and rank equally, share ratably, and be identical in all respects for all purposes as the IPO Shares, except that the Common Shares may not be offered and sold in the United States absent registration or an applicable exemption under the Securities Act. Sinda has agreed to file a registration statement promptly following the closing of the Concurrent Placement to permit the resale of the Common Shares in the United States. The Common Shares may not be sold nor may offers to buy be accepted until such registration statement becomes effective and the applicable lock-up periods have elapsed. Copies of the registration statement can be accessed through the SEC's website at www.sec.gov. This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy the securities described herein, nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction. For further information, please visit our website www.fresnilloplc.com or contact: FRESNILLO PLC London Office Gabriela Mayor, Head of Investor Relations Mark Mochalski Tel: +44 (0)20 7399 2470 Mexico City Office Ana Belem Zárate Tel: +52 55 52 79 3206 SODALI Peter Ogden Tel: +44 (0)7793 858 211 About Fresnillo plc Fresnillo plc is the world's largest primary silver producer and Mexico's largest gold producer, listed on the London and Mexican Stock Exchanges under the symbol FRES. Fresnillo plc has eight operating mines, all of them in Mexico - Fresnillo, Saucito, Juanicipio, Ciénega, Herradura, Soledad-Dipolos, Noche Buena and San Julián Veins, and five advanced exploration projects - Orisyvo, Rodeo, Guanajuato, Tajitos and Novador as well as a number of other long term exploration prospects. Fresnillo plc has mining concessions and exploration projects in Mexico, Canada, Peru and Chile. Fresnillo plc's goal is to maintain the Group's position as the world's largest primary silver company and Mexico's largest gold producer. Forward Looking Statements Information contained in this announcement may include 'forward-looking statements'. All statements other than statements of historical facts included herein, including, without limitation, those regarding the Fresnillo Group's intentions, beliefs or current expectations concerning, amongst other things, the Private Placement and the IPO are forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements involve risk and uncertainty because they relate to future events and circumstances. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future events and the actual events, may differ materially from those described in, or suggested by, the forward-looking statements contained in this document. In addition, even if the results of operations, financial position and liquidity, and the development of the markets and the industry in which the Fresnillo Group operates are consistent with the forward-looking statements contained in this document, those results or developments may not be indicative of results or developments in subsequent periods. A number of factors could cause results and developments to differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements including, without limitation, general economic and business conditions, industry trends, competition, commodity prices, changes in regulation, currency fluctuations (including the US dollar and Mexican Peso exchanges rates), the Fresnillo Group's ability to recover its reserves or develop new reserves, including its ability to convert its resources into reserves and its mineral potential into resources or reserves, changes in its business strategy and political and economic uncertainty. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Fresnillo (FRES) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 6 minutes ago British Land Company 2 hours ago Knights Group Holdings 2 hours ago Aberforth Geared Value & Income Trust 3 hours ago CQS Natural Resources Growth and Income 6 hours ago Staffline Group All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and