BETA Close X Fresnillo plc reported an exceptional 2025, with adjusted revenue increasing by nearly 28% to US$4.6 billion and gross profit more than doubling to over US$2.6 billion, driven by strong silver and gold production and favourable commodity prices. The company declared a total dividend of 128.92 US cents per share for the year and successfully acquired Probe Gold Inc. in January 2026, expanding its resource base. Fresnillo noted a positive shift in the Mexican political climate and continued progress on its development pipeline, while also acknowledging two fatal safety incidents and reaffirming its commitment to sustainability, including sourcing over 75% of energy from renewables. Disclaimer* Fresnillo PLC 19 May 2026 Fresnillo plc 21 Upper Brook Street London W1K 7PY United Kingdom www.fresnilloplc.com 19 May 2026 Fresnillo plc - AGM Statement Fresnillo plc will hold its Annual General Meeting today. Chairman Mr Alejandro Baillères will make the following statement: "Good morning and thank you for joining us today. I continue to consider it a privilege to be presenting to you as your Chairman. 2025 was an exceptional year for Fresnillo. We delivered a significant increase in profitability as our efforts to boost performance and reduce costs were complemented by a positive price environment for precious metals. While we initially expected 2025 to be a challenging year to surpass the achievements of 2024, I am delighted to report that several key factors converged to generate one of the most rewarding periods in Fresnillo's history. Silver production was in line with our guidance, supported by performances above expectations at Juanicipio and San Julián Veins, while gold production was ahead of guidance, driven by the expertise of the team at Herradura who continue to execute our plans with great consistency. The team has worked extremely hard to improve the operating performance of our mine sites, and I would like to recognise their outstanding efforts. Our focus on operational efficiencies and cost discipline, supported by a devaluation of the Mexican peso, has allowed us to capitalise on the significant tailwinds provided by higher gold and silver prices. We achieved US$4.6 billion in adjusted revenue during the year, up nearly 28%. Gross profit more than doubled, increasing 113.8% to over US$2.6 billion. These results demonstrate our ability to grow our cash position while managing inflationary headwinds. For 2025, we declared an interim dividend of 20.8 US cents per share and a final dividend of 108.12 US cents per share, bringing the total for the year to 128.92 US cents per share. Furthermore, our strong balance sheet and healthy cash generation provided the flexibility to pursue strategic growth, leading to our proposal to acquire Probe Gold Inc. in Canada, a deal we successfully concluded in January 2026. This acquisition represents a disciplined entry into a Tier 1 mining-friendly jurisdiction and adds a significant resource base to our portfolio. During the year, we saw a positive shift in the political climate in Mexico following the appointment of the government led by President Claudia Sheinbaum. We have appreciated the receptive dialogue with the new administration, which provides us with cautious confidence regarding the future business environment and the certainty of mining concessions. Alongside our performance initiatives, we are continuing to advance our development pipeline. We have made good progress at Guanajuato, Orisyvo, Rodeo and Tajitos, and I am pleased to welcome Lucerito into our advanced exploration pipeline. We are also maintaining investment in our exploration projects in Chile and Peru. Our purpose is to contribute to the wellbeing of people through the sustainable mining of silver and gold. However, while our underlying safety metrics showed improvement, I must report with great sadness that we experienced two fatal incidents during the year. This is a painful reminder that our work is far from finished, and we must never be complacent in our goal of zero harm. We have continued to make advances in sustainability matters that are critical to our business. We remain committed to our decarbonisation targets, successfully sourcing over 75% of our energy from renewable sources, and we continue to prioritise the safeguarding of water resources in the communities where we operate. I would also like to provide a short update on your Board. While there were no changes during the 2025 financial year, we are proposing the re-election of Alberto Tiburcio for one further year to ensure continuity as we navigate several ongoing developments within the Audit Committee, and Dame Judith Macgregor, as we believe it would be highly beneficial to the Company for her to continue in her role as Senior Independent Director for an additional year. I look forward to their continued guidance. I would like to conclude by again congratulating our team on an exceptional performance in 2025. Looking ahead, geopolitical instability remains a global concern, but I am encouraged by the more business-friendly environment in Mexico and our expansion into Canada. The longer-term outlook is positive. We anticipate that at least one of our advanced prospects will join our development portfolio in the coming two to three years. With demand for silver and gold forecasted to exceed supply, driven by the green energy transition and the safe-haven status of gold, Fresnillo is well-positioned to capitalise on the opportunities ahead. Finally, I would like to thank my Board colleagues, the management team, and our employees for their dedication, and our shareholders for your ongoing support." -Ends- For further information, please visit our website www.fresnilloplc.com or contact: FRESNILLO PLC London Office Gabriela Mayor, Head of Investor Relations Mark Mochalski Tel: +44 (0)20 7399 2470 Mexico City Office Ana Belem Zárate Tel: +52 55 52 79 3206 SODALI Peter Ogden Tel: +44 (0)7793 858 211 ABOUT FRESNILLO PLC Fresnillo plc is the world's largest primary silver producer and Mexico's largest gold producer, listed on the London and Mexican Stock Exchanges under the symbol FRES. Fresnillo plc has eight operating mines, all of them in Mexico - Fresnillo, Saucito, Juanicipio, Ciénega, Herradura, Soledad-Dipolos 1 , Noche Buena and San Julián Veins and five advanced exploration projects - Orisyvo, Rodeo, Guanajuato, Tajitos and Novador as well as a number of other long term exploration prospects. Fresnillo plc has mining concessions and exploration projects in Mexico, Peru and Chile. Fresnillo plc's goal is to maintain the Group's position as the world's largest primary silver company and Mexico's largest gold producer. 1 Operations at Soledad-Dipolos are currently suspended. FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS Information contained in this announcement may include 'forward-looking statements'. All statements other than statements of historical facts included herein, including, without limitation, those regarding the Fresnillo Group's intentions, beliefs or current expectations concerning, amongst other things, the Fresnillo Group's results of operations, financial position, liquidity, prospects, growth, strategies and the silver and gold industries are forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements involve risk and uncertainty because they relate to future events and circumstances. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and the actual results of the Fresnillo Group's operations, financial position and liquidity, and the development of the markets and the industry in which the Fresnillo Group operates, may differ materially from those described in, or suggested by, the forward-looking statements contained in this document. In addition, even if the results of operations, financial position and liquidity, and the development of the markets and the industry in which the Fresnillo Group operates are consistent with the forward-looking statements contained in this document, those results or developments may not be indicative of results or developments in subsequent periods. A number of factors could cause results and developments to differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements including, without limitation, general economic and business conditions, industry trends, competition, commodity prices, changes in regulation, currency fluctuations (including the US dollar and Mexican Peso exchanges rates), the Fresnillo Group's ability to recover its reserves or develop new reserves, including its ability to convert its resources into reserves and its mineral potential into resources or reserves, changes in its business strategy and political and economic uncertainty. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Fresnillo (FRES) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 day ago Canal+ SA 1 day ago PayPoint 1 day ago Premier Miton Group 1 day ago Braemar 1 day ago Hill and Smith All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and