Disclaimer* 9 July 2026 Moonpig Group plc (the "Company") Annual Report and Accounts and Notice of Annual General Meeting 2026 Following announcement on 25 June 2026 of the Company's annual results for the year ended 30 April 2026, the following documents will be posted to shareholders on 10 July 2026: · Annual Report and Accounts for the year ended 30 April 2026; and · Notice of Annual General Meeting 2026. Copies of the above documents have been submitted to the National Storage Mechanism and will shortly be available for inspection at https://data.fca.org.uk/#/nsm/nationalstoragemechanism . The Annual Report and Financial Statements for the period ended 30 April 2026 and the Notice of Annual General Meeting are available on the Company's corporate website at https://www.moonpig.group/ The Annual General Meeting will be held at 10:00 am (BST) on Wednesday 16 September 2026 at the offices of RBC Europe Limited, 100 Bishopsgate, London EC2N 4AA. Further details regarding the arrangements for the Annual General Meeting can be found in the Notice of Meeting. Any changes to these arrangements will be communicated to shareholders via our website, and, where appropriate, by Stock Exchange announcement. Jayne Powell Company Secretary company-secretary@moonpig.com About Moonpig Group Moonpig Group plc (the "Group") is a leading online greeting cards and gifting platform, comprising the Moonpig, Red Letter Days and Buyagift brands in the UK and the Greetz brand in the Netherlands. The Group's leading customer proposition includes an extensive range of cards, a curated range of gifts, personalisation features and next day delivery offering. The Group offers its products through its proprietary technology platforms and apps, which utilise unique data science capabilities designed by the Group to optimise and personalise the customer experience and provide scalability. Learn more at https://www.moonpig.group/. AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Moonpig Group (MOON) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 9 minutes ago Regional REIT Limited 37 minutes ago Dr. Martens 38 minutes ago TP Icap Group 38 minutes ago Mondi 1 hour ago Barr (A.G.) All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Investor Meet Company Ltd Privacy and