Disclaimer* Moonpig Group plc 16 September 2026 16 September 2026 Moonpig Group plc AGM TRADING UPDATE Group trading in line with expectations; FY27 outlook unchanged Moonpig Group plc (the "Group"), the leading online greeting card and gifting platform in the UK and the Netherlands, is holding its Annual General Meeting today. In advance of this, the Group provides an update on its performance to date for the current financial year ("FY27"), which commenced on 1 May 2026. Overall, Group trading has been in line with our expectations since the start of the year, therefore the FY27 outlook remains unchanged. At Moonpig, revenue growth is being driven by both orders and average order value. Order growth reflects the continued expansion of the active customer base, while average order value is increasing through product upsell and modest growth in gift attach rate. Moonpig is progressing its multi-year strategy to increase the choice of delivery services available to customers, broadening its range across both value-based and premium next-day options. Greetz continues to deliver modest year-on-year growth on both a reported and constant currency basis. At Experiences, online gross transaction value continues to grow, driven by our focus on strengthening the product range. Reported revenue remains lower year-on-year, reflecting the managed exit from certain third-party retail partnerships and the reinvestment of commission revenue into an improved recipient proposition. We expect revenue at Experiences to move into year-on-year growth during the second half of the financial year. Our financial framework remains unchanged. Our goal is to deliver sustainable, high-quality growth supported by strong returns and consistent capital allocation. We are targeting mid-to-high single digit percentage annual revenue growth and an Adjusted EBITDA margin of 25% to 27%. We aim to deliver double-digit percentage growth in Adjusted earnings per share alongside the continued return of excess capital through share buybacks. Catherine Faiers, CEO, commented: "I am pleased with the progress we have made in the year to date and the disciplined execution of our strategy across the Group. Customers continue to choose us to help them recognise life's important moments, reflecting the ongoing relevance of Moonpig's proposition. We are focused on investing in our platform, brands and customer experience while delivering sustainable, profitable growth. We remain confident in our outlook for the year." Enquiries Sodali & Co moonpig@client.sodali.com Rob Greening / Russ Lynch / Elizabeth Kittle Moonpig Group investors@moonpig.com, moonpig@client.sodali.com Catherine Faiers, Chief Executive Officer Andy MacKinnon, Chief Financial Officer About Moonpig Group Moonpig Group plc (the "Group") is a leading online greeting cards and gifting platform, comprising the Moonpig, Red Letter Days and Buyagift brands in the UK and the Greetz brand in the Netherlands. The Group's leading customer proposition includes an extensive range of cards, a curated range of gifts, personalisation features and next day delivery offering. The Group offers its products through its proprietary technology platforms and apps, which utilise unique data science capabilities designed by the Group to optimise and personalise the customer experience and provide scalability. Learn more at https://www.moonpig.group/. Forward Looking Statements This announcement contains certain forward-looking statements with respect to the financial condition, results or operation and businesses of Moonpig Group plc. Such statements and forecasts by their nature involve risks and uncertainty because they relate to future events and circumstances. There are a number of other factors that may cause actual results, performance or achievements, or industry results, to be materially different from those projected in the forward-looking statements. These factors include general economic and business conditions; changes in technology; timing or delay in signing, commencement, implementation and performance of programmes, or the delivery of products or services under them; industry; relationships with customers; competition; and ability to attract personnel. You are cautioned not to rely on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this announcement. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements to reflect any change in our expectations or any change in events, conditions or circumstances. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Moonpig Group (MOON) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 21 minutes ago Close Brothers Group 51 minutes ago Jardine Matheson Holdings Ltd (Singapore Reg) 55 minutes ago Avon Technologies plc 57 minutes ago Severfield 1 hour ago AVI Global Trust All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Investor Meet Company Ltd Privacy and