Disclaimer* 6 August 2026 Moonpig Group plc Publication of Supplementary Note relating to the Annual Report and Accounts 2026 Moonpig Group plc (the "Company") has today published a supplementary note, together with an independent auditor's report thereon, relating to the Directors' Remuneration report set out on pages 99 to 117 of its Annual Report and Accounts for the year ended 30 April 2026. The supplementary note corrects the omission of LTIP awards vesting in FY26 from the CFO column of the `Single Total Figure of Remuneration' table, which arose due to a data extraction error during finalisation of the table. The correct LTIP award amount was disclosed in the 'Awards vested in the year' section on page 112. The underlying LTIP performance outcomes are unchanged. The supplementary note and the independent auditor's report thereon are being sent to, or otherwise made available to, shareholders and are available to view or download on the Company's corporate website at https://www.moonpig.group . Copies of the above documents have also been submitted to the National Storage Mechanism and will shortly be available for inspection at https://data.fca.org.uk/#/nsm/nationalstoragemechanism . Enquiries Moonpig Group Jayne Powell, Company Secretary company-secretary@moonpig.com About Moonpig Group Moonpig Group plc (the "Group") is a leading online greeting cards and gifting platform, comprising the Moonpig, Red Letter Days and Buyagift brands in the UK and the Greetz brand in the Netherlands. The Group's leading customer proposition includes an extensive range of cards, a curated range of gifts, personalisation features and next day delivery offering. The Group offers its products through its proprietary technology platforms and apps, which utilise unique data science capabilities designed by the Group to optimise and personalise the customer experience and provide scalability. Learn more at https://www.moonpig.group/. AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Moonpig Group (MOON) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 9 minutes ago Regional REIT Limited 37 minutes ago Dr. Martens 38 minutes ago TP Icap Group 38 minutes ago Mondi 1 hour ago Barr (A.G.) All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Investor Meet Company Ltd Privacy and