Disclaimer* 6 May 2026 Moonpig Group plc Employee Benefit Trust Share Purchase Moonpig Group plc (the "Company") announces that it has been notified that on 5 May 2026, FCM Trust Limited, acting as trustee of the Moonpig Group plc Employee Benefit Trust (the "EBT"), purchased 1,996,871 ordinary shares in the capital of the Company at £2.1384 per share. The shares will be held in the EBT, which is a discretionary trust for the benefit of the Group's employees and will ultimately be used to satisfy share awards and options granted under the Company's employee share schemes. The Executive Directors of the Company, together with other employees, are included in the potential beneficiaries of the EBT and are therefore treated as having an interest in some of those shares and the dealings thereof. Following the above transaction, the EBT will hold 4,015,584 ordinary shares, representing approximately 1.3% of the Company's issued share capital. Name of contact and contact details for queries: Jayne Powell Company Secretary company-secretary@moonpig.com Tel: 020 30599621 About Moonpig Group Moonpig Group plc (the "Group") is a leading online greeting cards and gifting platform, comprising the Moonpig, Buyagift and Red Letter Days brands in the UK and the Greetz brand in the Netherlands. The Group is the online market leader in cards in both of its markets and is also the UK market leader in gift experiences. The Group's leading customer proposition includes an extensive range of cards, a curated range of gifts, personalisation features and next day delivery offering. The Group offers its products through its proprietary technology platforms and apps, which utilise unique data science capabilities designed by the Group to optimise and personalise the customer experience and provide scalability. Learn more at https://www.moonpig.group/ . AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Moonpig Group (MOON) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 9 minutes ago Regional REIT Limited 37 minutes ago Dr. Martens 38 minutes ago TP Icap Group 38 minutes ago Mondi 1 hour ago Barr (A.G.) All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Investor Meet Company Ltd Privacy and