m i
OONPI group plc
Annual Report and Accounts 2025

f anu

nos 19y0g/2025 «#254

Welcome to Moonpig Group

We are the online
market leader for
cards and gifting.

At heart we are a technology platform,
but our customers know us as the
leading online destination for

greeting cards, gifts and flowers.

To find out more visit us at:

www.meonpig.group

Strategic report

Financial highlights
Ata glance

Chair's statement

Chief Executive Officer's review
Business model

Market overview

Our strategy

Growth drivers

Section 172 statement and
stakeholder engagement

Sustainability
Key performance indicators
Chief Financial Officer's review
Risk management

Viability statement

Non-financial and sustainability

information statement

Corporate governance

74
76

7
78
68
%

Board of Directors

Chair's corporate governa
introduction

Governance framework
Corporate governance statement
Audit Committee report
Nomination Committee report
Directors’ Remuneration report
Directors’ report

Statement of Directors’
responsibilities

Financial statements

124
132
132

133
134

135
136

74
175

176

Independent auditors’ report
Consolidated income statement

Consolidated statement of
comprehensive income

Consolidated balance sheet

Consolidated statement of
changes in equity

lidoted cash flow statement

Notes to the consolidated financial
stotements
any balance sheet
Company statement of changes
in equity

Notes to the Company financial
statements

Alternative Performance Measures
Glossary
Shareholder information

Moenpig Group ple | Annual Report and Accounts 2025 @ Strategic report

Corporate governance

Financial highlights

Revenue Adjusted EBITDA!
£350.lm £96.8m
YoY: 2.6% YoY: 1.3%
FY24; £341.1m FY24: £95.5m
Reported PBT Adjusted PBT’
£3.0m £67.5m
YoY: (93.6)% YoY: 16.0%
FY24: £46.4m FY24: £58.2m
Free Cash Flow! Dividend per share
£66.1m 3.0p
YoY: 8.4% YoY: N/a
FY24: £61.0m FY24: Nil

1 Adjusted EBITDA. Adjusted EBITDA margin rote, Adjusted PBT.
Adjusted PBT margin rote. Adjusted bosic EPS, Free Cash Flow ond
net leverage are Alternative Performance Measures, definitions of
which are set out on pages 16! to 182.

Adjusted EBITDA
margin rate’

27.6%

YoY: (0.4)%pts

FY24: 28.0%

Adjusted basic EPS'

15.0p

YoY: 18.1%

FY24: 12.7p

Share repurchases

£25.0m

YoY: N/a

FY24: Nil

Financial statements

@ Strategic report Corporate governance Financial statements

Moonpig Group ple | Annual Report and Accounts 2025
At a glance

The leading online data and technology
platform for greeting cards and gifting
in the UK and the Netherlands.

We leverage technology and data to create loyal customer relationships

Card creative

Moonpig and Greetz Plus subscription
features used”

customer reminders set! membership!

101m 920,000 15m

2024: 90m 2024: 540,000 2024: 10m

We have four market-leading brands

75%

Revenue 14% 1%

Fy28: 71% Fv24: 15% Fr24: 14%
Adjusted Reto lo% 8%
a 20: 75% IFv24:7% frv24: 16%

We have a growing, loyal and engaged customer base

Moonpig and Greetz Moonpig and Greetz orders Moonpig and Greetz Average
active customers’ per active customer’ Order Value’ (AOV)

12.0m 2.94 £8.82

2024: 11.5m 2024: 2.94 2024: £8.64

Moonpig Group plc | Annual Report and Accounts 2025 @ Strategic report Corporate governance Financial statements

We aim to become the ultimate gifting companion to our customers

Orders? Cards and gifts sold® Gifting share of revenue®
35.3m 50.4m 47%
Moonpig and Greetz Group Group
FY24; 33.9m FY24: 48.8m FY24: 50%

We are the leaders in a large, underpenetrated market that is shifting to online

UK card market Online volume market Online value market Online buyer market
share* penetration* penetration‘ penetration*
2019: 60% 2019: 4% 2019: 10% 2019: 34%

We operate through four online brands

Revenue mix by country

83% 14% 3%
2024: 62% 2024: 15% 2024: 3%
United Kingdom Netherlands Rest of World

As at 30 April 2025. Moonpig ond Greetz only.
The number of creative features used in a cord in the yeor ending 30 April 2025. Moonpig and Greetz only.
For the year ended 30 April 2025.

OCEC morket research, October 2024,

Moonpig Group ple | Annual Report and Accounts 2025 @ Strategic report Corporate governance * _ Financial statements

Chair's statement

Strong Adjusted EPS growth and
capital returns to shareholders.

Overview

In FY25, the Group delivered financial
performance ahead of our expectations. Our
model, which leverages technology and data to
build enduring customer relationships, delivered
strong profitability and consistent cash generation,
Performance was underpinned by the core
Moonpig brand, with growth driven by both orders
and average order value. Gift attach rate also
returned to growth during the year, contributing

to the rise in average order value.

Trading at Greetz and Experiences was below our
expectations. For Experiences, this was reflected
in the non-cash impairment charge recognised in
HI FY25. The transformation plan for Experiences
focuses around strengthening the divisional
management teom, the rollout of new features
enabled by the completion of re-platforming during
FY25 and product range expansion in subscription
gifting, casual dining and live experiences. At
Greetz, where performance is on an improving
path, the new technology platform means that
management can now leverage reminders, Plus
subscriptions and the apps to drive customer
retention and frequency. Both businesses remain
key areas of Board focus.

Continued strong Free Cash Flow supported
deleveraging, enabling the introduction of
dividends and share buybacks. We have
announced our intention to buy back up to £60m
of shares in FY26, whilst maintaining year-end net
leverage at around 1.0x and investing to drive
organic growth.

Whilst we expect further macroeconomic uncertainty
in FY26, the Board remains confident in the Group's
ability to deliver our medium-term target for mid-
teens percentage growth in Adjusted EPS.
underpinned by the strength and consistency of
our business model.

Moonpig Group ple | Annual Report and Accounts 2025

FY25 profit and loss

The Group delivered growth in basic
Adjusted EPS of 16.1% to 15.0p (FY24: 12.7p).
This reflects continued growth in trading. a
significant reduction in net finance costs as
the Group deleveraged and the in-year
impact of repurchasing shares reducing
average issued share capital.

Headline Adjusted EBITDA increased from
£95.5m in FY24 to £96.6m in FY25.
Underlying growth was stronger as the
prior year included the benefit from one-off
non-redemption income on vouchers issued
during Covid with extended expiry dates

Cash flow and capital allocation

During the year, the Board oversaw the
Group's development of a new capital
allocation policy. Our approach remains to
prioritise investing for growth, with
continued strong, high-return investment in
for example, marketing, fulfilment
automation and our technology platform.
Our consistently strong cash flow has also
enabled the Group to begin returning
surplus capital to shareholders.

In FY2S, Free Cash Flow of £66.1m (FY24
£61.0m) enabled a reduction in net
leverage to 0.99x (April 2024: 1.31x). funded
£25m of share repurchases and supported
the declaration of an inaugural dividend of
3.0p (FY24: nil), including a 1,0p interim
dividend paid during the year.

Looking ahead, we expect continued strong
cash generation to support our announced
intention to repurchase up to £60m of
shares in FY26, alongside the Group's
planned transition to using market
purchases to satisfy share scheme vesting

Employees

The Board extends its thanks to all the
Group’s employees in the Netherlands,
Guernsey and the rest of the UK for their
contribution throughout the year. Their
dedication and hard work have enabled
the Group to deliver performance ahead of
‘our expectations, with Adjusted EPS
growing at 18.1% year-on-year.

Sustainability

During the year, the Board oversaw the
development of an updated Sustainability
Strategy. shaped in response to the latest
regulatory requirements and stakeholder
expectations for a clearer focus on material
sustainability risks.

The strategy is structured around three core
pillars: climate change, waste and
circularity and technology and data
privacy. These priorities were identified
through our Double Materiality Assessment
and represent the topics considered most
material to the Group in terms of financial
or societal impact.

The strategy introduces a more focused set
of goals, aligned to areas where we can
have the greatest impact. In addition to our
two existing Net Zero commitments, we
have introduced a five-year goal to
implement an information security
management system that aligns with the
NIST Cybersecurity Framework ~ and a new
packaging waste reduction goal.

The Group will continue to report KPIs
related to the outgoing sustainability goals
as part of its overall disclosure set for
continuity and to maintain transparency.

Board and governance

Throughout FY25, the Group maintained
full compliance with the UK Corporate
Governance Code 2018. It also complied
with the relevant provisions of the 2024
Code. except for Provision 29, which is not
effective until the start of the Group's
financial year ending 30 April 2027.
Preparatory work is underway to ensure
compliance ahead of this date.

There were no changes to the Board during
the year. The Board continues to meet the
requirement for at least half of its members
(excluding the Chair) to be Independent
Non-Executive Directors.

Cofporate governance Financial statements

The Board operates a structured, rolling
succession planning process to ensure
continuity and long-term stability. In
reviewing succession plans for the Non-
Executive Directors (NED), we have
considered the period leading up to the
2029 AGM, which will mark nine years since
the IPO. To support an orderly transition,
preserve independence and ensure a
balanced distribution of Board tenure,
the Nomination Committee intends to
phase new non-executive director
‘appointments over the coming years.

Board and leadership diversity

As at 30 April 2025 and at the date of

this report, the Board has 43% female
representation, thereby meeting the Listing
Rule target for at least 40% of the Board to
be women. The Group also meets the
Listing Rule requirements for at least one
senior Board position to be held by a
woman (through my appointment as Chair)
and for at least one Board member to be
from an ethnic minority background (as the
Board currently includes two ethnic
minority directors)

The Board has set a voluntary target for
15% ethnic minority representation on the
UK Extended Leadership Team by 2027,

in line with the requirements of the Parker
Review. As at 30 April 2025, representation
was 21%.

The Board remains committed to the FTSE
Women Leaders Review target of at least
40% female representation on the Extended
Leadership Team and as at 30 April 2025
representation was 41%. The Group was
ranked 37th in the FTSE 250 by the FTSE
Women Leaders Review 2024 for women
on boards and in leadership

Looking ahead

The Board is pleased with the start to the
new financial year and is confident that the
business will continue to deliver long-term
value for shareholders. The Group is ideally
positioned to grow its online market share
and lead the continued shift from offline

to online.

Kate Swann
Non-Executive Chair
25 June 2025

Moonpig Group ple | Annual Report and Accounts 2025

Chief Executive Officer’s review

@Strategi¢report Corporate governance Financial statements

_ We have a market-leading
‘technology platform driving
long-term, sustained growth.

Overview

FY25 marked another year of successful delivery
for Moonpig Group, as we reinforced our position
as the category-defining platform for greeting
cards and gifting. We are the clear market leader
in online cards in both the UK and the Netherlands.
holding a 70% share of the UK ontine single cards
market and around 65% in the Netherlands
through Greetz (source: OC&C, October 2024).
These positions reflect the compounding
advantages of our platform, built on o powerful
combination of brand strength, scale and
proprietary data. Our position was further
reinforced by extending our strategic asset of
occasion reminders to more than 101 million and
deepening our powerful network effect through
reaching recipients with over 50 million
personalised cards and gifts.

We operate in a structurally high-growth and
underpenetrated market. The online card market is
still in its infancy, with only 6% penetration by
volume and 15% by value in the UK. We are
driving and capturing this long-term secular shift
from offline to online through innovation in
technology and data. In FY25, we continued to
extend our UK market leadership. At Greetz, the
technology platform is increasingly delivering
operational and commercial benefits and we
exited the year on an encouraging trajectory.
Across our markets, our cards-first strategy and
innovations in online experience position us to lead
and accelerate the ongoing channel shift

Moonpig Group ple | Annual Report and Accounts 2025 ’

Our platform leverages data, technology
‘and Al to build customer loyalty and grow
customer cohort value over time. Nearly nine
tenths of Moonpig and Greetz revenue comes
from existing customers, with technology
playing o central role in driving repeat
behaviour. In FY25, we continued to expand
the reach and impact of both our reminders
ecosystem and the Plus subscription
membership programme and launched new
Al-powered tools to further differentiate our
offering from the offline market. Together,
these capabilities have strengthened
customer growth and loyalty, which are key
contributors to our revenue growth

We continue to demonstrate the strength of
our asset-light, growth-compounding
business model, which enables us to scale
efficiently while maintaining high margins.
Growth is driven by three compounding
levers: more active customers, higher
purchase frequency. and rising average
order value - particularly through gift
attachment. Our Adjusted EBITDA margin of
27.6% in FY25 reflects high gross margins
and low reliance on paid acquisition. With
low inventory, negative working capital and
modest capex we are structurally asset

light. This model supports disciplined
reinvestment in technology, marketing and
fulfilment automation, while generating
Free Cash Flow of £66.1m in FY25. For the
year ahead, we expect this to enable
significant capital returns to shareholders
whilst maintaining year-end net leverage at
approximately 1.0x.

We continued to pursue our strategy of self-
funded international expansion in Ireland,
Australia and the US with combined
revenue from these markets growing by
36.1% to £11.6m. Each market follows a
structured path from discovery to product-
market fit and, if successful, ultimately to
profitable growth. Ireland has reached
profitability in its second full financial year
of operation and, while still small, continues
to grow steadily - validating our phased
approach. In Australia and the US, which
are at an earlier stage of development, we
are applying Group capabilities while
localising when essential. Our small. agile
teams in both markets are focused on rapid
iteration, testing and optimisation, aiming
to establish sustainable and profitable unit
economics over time. Early signs ore
encouraging and support our long-term
conviction in the opportunity that these
markets represent.

@ Strategic report

We enter FY26 with strong operational
momentum and a clear focus on strategic
priorities, At Moonpig and Greetz we will
continue to scale the active customer base.
to drive frequency by leveraging reminders,
Plus subscriptions and innovative
technology features, and to build on recent
strong momentum in gift attach rate. The
Experiences segment continues to face a
challenging market environment, with a
Proposition more exposed to cyclical
pressures than the rest of the Group. The
transformation of Experiences will continue.
with encouraging progress underway in
expanding the product proposition and
enhancing the customer experience. Our
platform, underpinned by resilient customer
behaviour, leading technology and
disciplined execution, positions us to
continue delivering sustained growth

and shareholder value.

Leveraging data and technology

We harness technology and date to drive
growth in two principal ways. First, we
continuously improve our user experience
through high-frequency experimentation.
Each month, we run numerous controlled
tests, presenting feature variants to
segmented customer groups. These
experiments measure impact on KPIs such
as conversion and order vaiue, with
successful variants deployed and used to
guide future prioritisation. Second, we
apply Al to our proprietary customer data to
deliver a more personalised journey. By
combining this data with advanced
algorithms, we tailor the experience so
customers are more likely to find the perfect
card and gift every time, driving
improvements in order frequency and
average order value over time.

Moonpig and Greetz have shared a unified
website platform since late 2022. In FY25,
we extended this integration by migrating
Greetz to the same CRM system as
Moonpig, providing our marketing team
with a common platform for email and app
notifications so they can more easily share
best practices. We also moved Greetz onto
the same payment platform os Moonpig
enabling automatic subscription billing
renewals for Greetz Plus. The two brands
now share common technology across all
areas outside fulfilment, with new features
available for deployment in both the UK
and the Netherlands. At the same time, we
are increasingly tailoring aspects of the user
experience to local market needs — for
example, Greetz now features a redesigned
delivery scheduler that accounts for Dutch
customers’ greater price sensitivity, in
contrast to UK customers’ stronger
preference for speed of delivery.

Corporate governance Financial statements *

We have focused on leveraging Al at every
possible touchpoint to deliver the most
personalised shopping experience for our
customers. We now use the latest Al models
to tag our cards, to better understand
customer search queries, to scan the image
of each card and to analyse customer
sentiment by scanning the message in each
card. Together. these deliver a self-
improving experience where our customers
are finding and creating more relevant and
meaningful products with less effort than
ever before.

We continued to launch innovative creative
tools that set our proposition apart and
encourage repeat use. In December. we
launched "Your Personal Handwriting”.
‘enabling customers to upload and apply
their handwriting as o custom font, while in
February we introduced Al stickers,
allowing users to generate bespoke images
via natural language prompts — with over

4 million created to date. These features
build on a creative suite that also includes
audio and video messages. flexible photo
layouts and digital gifts.

To streamline the login experience. we
introduced social login using Apple and
Google credentials, alongside account
linking to provide existing customers who
use social login with seamless access to
their reminders. The "Magic Link" feature
now allows automatic login from reminder
emails, while password resets have been
replaced by one-time login codes for ease
of access.

We hove also maintained a strong focus
‘on customer satisfaction, enhancing both
the delivery and service experience. This
includes upgrades to the delivery scheduler
interface. technology enablement for
Moonpig Guaranteed Delivery. and the
launch of tracked card delivery in Ireland.
Additionally, we have expanded the use of
Al-powered chatbots to handle o greater
share of customer service queries, enabling
efficient, high-satisfaction self-service.

Moonpig Group ple | Annual Report and Accounts 2025:

@ Strategic report

Chief Executive Officer’s review continued

At Experiences, the completion of re-
platforming has enabled the development
of a range of customer-facing features, with
‘a focus on driving commercial performance
through enhanced product discovery and
easier location-based shopping

* Site-wide navigation across Red Letter
Days and Buyagift, alongside upgraded
mobile filters, to improve usability and
help customers find products more easily.

* Gift Finder tool. integrated into the
homepage and navigation, to enable
customers to narrow choices by location
‘and category before viewing tailored
experience listings.

+ Redesigned product details page layout
to reinforce trust by clearly presenting
key highlights, voucher inclusions, and
unique selling points such as "Fully
Flexible", "Easy Extensions", and
“Instant Delivery”

+ Next Best Action feature to surface
personalised product recommendations
after each detail page visit, increasing
relevance and upsell potential.

* Location-based shopping innovations
to offer improved filters, interactive maps
for multi-choice vouchers and custom
landing pages for top-searched
destinations.

* Occosion-specific UX for events like
Father's Day to adapt homepage,
landing and listing pages and
moximise relevance and conversion.
during peak periods.

Building our brands

The strength of our brands is most clearly
demonstrated by our ability to continuously
acquire customers profitably and to keep
them coming back year after year. We have
made significant progress here in FY25,
with the total active customer base at
Moonpig and Greetz increasing by 4.3% to
12.0 million as at 30 April 2025 (30 April
2024: 11.5 million). This performance reflects
the strength of our well-optimised
marketing platform, which consistently
delivers customer acquisition at scale within
our 12-month payback threshold. It was
further enhanced by technology
developments such as social | which
improved the conversion of visitors into new
customers. Moonpig saw consistently strong
acquisition throughout the year, with Greetz
new customers returning to year-on-year
growth in H2 FY25,

Headline frequency remained unchanged
year-on-year at 2.94 orders per active
customer. This reflects the mix impact of
strong new customer acquisition, as year
one cohorts have lower frequency than our
overall customer base. Frequency among
established Moonpig customers was
underpinned by continued development
of our frequency levers:

* Our reminders ecosystem continues to
scale, with our database of occasion
reminders increasing to 101 million at
30 April 2025 (FY24: 90 million). Nearly
40% of Moonpig orders are placed
within seven days of a customer
receiving the relevant occasion
reminder, underlining the importance of
this proprietary channel in driving both
frequency and retention

+ Subscriptions to Moonpig Plus and
Greetz Plus grew to a combined 920,000
(April 2024: 540.000). with members’
purchase frequency uplifted by more
than 20% when they subscribe. These
members are our most engaged
customers, setting 2.5 times more
occasion reminders than non-members:
who are active customers and they also
exhibit materially higher gift attachment
rates and app usage.

+ We continued to drive customer usage
of innovative creative features that
differentiate our greeting card
proposition and drive frequency.

Total usage of card creative features
rose to 15 million in FY25. up from
10 million in the prior year.

Reliable delivery is central to how our
brand is perceived and we are evolving our
delivery proposition at pace. In FY24. we
introduced an affordable tracked next-day
delivery service for cards at seasonal peak
events. We have since built on this to
launch Moonpig Guaranteed Delivery as an
‘always-on option allowing customers to
select a guaranteed delivery date at
checkout. Adoption has been strong with
the service accounting for over one third of
card-only orders by April 2025.

Corporate governance —_—Financial statements

We are also building brand awareness in
new markets os the foundation for long-
term growth. We continue to operate New
Markets as a single profit pool, reinvesting
profit growth to support scalable customer
‘acquisition. Total revenue across these
markets grew to £11.8m in FY25 (FY24:
£8.7m), led by Australia (£4.9m) and
Ireland (£4.8m). In FY26, we plan to
prioritise Australia for incremental
investment, aiming to reach healthy
payback metrics in this key market.

Evolving our range

One of our three growth levers is increasing
average order value, with the primary
driver being growth in gift attach rate. We
pursue this in three ways: improving the
user experience, enhancing our
recommendation algorithms and
‘expanding our gifting range. A key element
of the third pillar is partnering with trusted
consumer brands.

Trusted brands give customers confidence
in the quality and appeal of our gifts. In
FY25, we introduced new collaborations
with Hotel Chocolat in premium chocolate.
Next in beauty and homeware and The
Fragrance Store in perfume. We also
partnered with The Entertainer and Early
Learning Centre to manage our entire
children's toy proposition on a consignment
basis, eliminating inventory risk. These
partners contribute deep category
merchandising expertise. enrich our curated
range and lend their brand equity to our
platform. Their introduction supported
robust gift attach rate growth during the
second half of the year. Looking ahead,
we are actively engaging with several
additional high-profile trusted brands, with
further launches planned for FY26.

In New Markets, our objective is to increase
customer lifetime value to support future
scaling of marketing, and gifting range
expansion is a key element of this. In
Ireland, three years post-launch, we now
offer over 160 gifts to support double-digit
percentage attach rates and higher repeat
purchase: we broadened our local range
during the year with the launch of balloons.
In Australia, we expanded during FY25 into
new categories including chocolate and
hampers. In the United States, we have
launched on initial range of gifts including
digital retail gift cards and personalised
mugs. Alongside this, we have expanded
our fulfilment infrastructure in both Australia
‘and the US through new partnerships with
third-party fulfilment centres in Sydney and
Los Vegas.

Moonpig Group ple | Annual Report and Accounts 2025

Our global design platform is the driving
force behind our card offering, a
marketplace that connects us with
designers worldwide. During FY25 we
onboarded a range of cards from Scribbler
and expanded our selection of cards for
secondary card-giving occasions to support
new customer acquisition campaigns. We
also broadened our range of card designs
for recipients outside the household to
facilitate growth in direct-to-recipient
deliveries which have a higher propensity
for gift attachment. At Greetz, we
strengthened our portfolio by licensing
over 60 global and Dutch brands.

Control of in-house fulfilment has enabled
investment to drive efficiency improvements.
In September 2024, we insourced UK
balloon fulfilment to improve gross margin.
For FY26, we are investing in automated
parcel sortation, which is an enabler for
broadening our range of gift delivery
‘options, together with specialist printers
that will enable the insourcing of giant
card fabrication.

At Experiences, we have maintained our
focus on refreshing and expanding the
Proposition, with a strong pipeline and an
expected acceleration in the rate of new
product launches during HI FY26.
Expansion is concentrated on branded
partners and categories with clear
consumer demand. We have launched new
live and immersive experiences including
The Traitors Live Experience, Squid Game,
Tle FRIENDS Experience, and Elvis
Evolution. In subscription gifting, we have
added brands such as Gousto and
Glossybox. with further launches imminent
across categories including wine,
magazines and flowers. We are also
growing our range of social and
competitive experiences through
part

---

nce standards.
+ Abolanced and fair

representation of financial
results and prospects.

* Confidence in the Company's

leadership.

+ Clarity around principal risks

‘ond uncertainties.

+ Total shareholder return.
* Progress on business and

sustainability strategy delivery.

+ We maintain open communication with investors through
disclosures in the Annual Report. investor presentations
and trading updates. These are available on our
corporate website.

* The Executive Directors interact with investors at formal

roadshows. investor meetings and attendance at investor
conferences. See page 61

+ All Directors attended the Annual General Meeting held
on 18 September 2024

* Proactive shareholder engagement is carried out by the
Non-Executive Directors whenever the Board or its
Committees identify matters arising that merit discussion
with shareholders. See page 61 of the Corporate
governance statement.

* Regular updates are provided to the Board on market
sentiment, investor relations activity and equity research
reports

* We held our first Capital Markets Event in October 2024.

23

Moonpig Group ple | Annual Report and Accounts 2025 :

@ Strategic report

Corporate governance

Section 172(1) statement and stakeholder engagement continued

Stakeholder

What matters to them

How we engage

Suppliers
Strong relationships with
suppliers are critical to the
Group's success.

We prioritise building long-
term, mutually-beneficial
relationships with our
suppliers, collaborating
with them to uphold high
standards and expectations
of business conduct.

Long-term collaborative
relationships.

Growth opportunities,
Fair terms and conditions.

Responsible. ethical
procurement.

Prompt and accurate payment

+ The Group engages with suppliers and partners regularly,
including through members of the Executive Committee.

* Our supplier onboarding process is rigorous and includes
technology security and data protection due diligence. os
well as checks on financial viability, modern slavery. anti-
facilitation of tax evasion, anti-bribery and sanctions and
GHG emissions.

+ ASupplier Code of Conduct is available on our corporate
website, outlining expectations for ethical conduct.
environmental sustainability and social responsibility.

* We collaborate with key outsourcing partners to refine
operational performance.

* The Group’s Global Design Platform enables independent
designers to make their card designs available to our
customers in return for royalties.

+ We report on supplier payment practices.

+ We have set a goal to obtain commitments to set net zero
targets from suppliers representing 67% of Scope 3
emissions by April 2030 and operate an ongoing
programme of supplier engagement to deliver this.

Communities and
environment

The Group is committed to
making @ positive impact on
the communities and the
environment in which

it operates.

Positive impact on the community

Energy usage and carbon
emissions.

Sustainability.

24

* The Group has a long-standing commitment to charitable
activity. Our charitable donations in FY25 are summarised
on page 48.

+ The Group continues to support diversity in the wider
technology sector. This includes extending our successful
apprenticeship programme operating coding bootcamps.

* Our operational facilities in the UK and the Netherlands
are designed with the environment in mind. The UK facility
has achieved a BREEAM Excellent rating and the
Netherlands facility has been retrofitted in line with
best practice.

+ The Group is committed to sustainable sourcing and,
continues to ensure that 100% (FY24: 100%) of our card,
envelope and paper packaging SKUs for our core UK and
Netherlands markets are 100% sustainably sourced, either
through FSC or PEFC certification or containing more than
75% recycled content

+ The Group has set a target to reduce Scope 3 emissions
by 97% tCOze/Revenve by 2050 against a FY22 baseline

+ The Board monitors progress against our climate transition
plan, which sets out how the business plans to adapt as
the world transitions to a low carbon economy.

Financial statements

Moonpig Group ple | Annual Report and Accounts 2025

Sustainability

@ Strategic report Corporate governance Financial statements

A year of continued progress
in our sustainability journey.

Over time, Moonpig Group has contributed to society through its
core purpose, which is to create better, more personal connections
between people who care about each other. This commitment
extends beyond our products and services, shaping the way we
approach sustainability and our wider responsibilities to society and
the environment.

Since launching our first sustainability strategy in 2021, we have
made steady progress. In 2022, we began formal disclosures
against the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures
(TCFD) framework. In 2023, we adopted the SASB framework,
started measuring Scope 3 value chain emissions and disclosed
climate-related metrics, targets and a climate transition plan. In
2024, we published our first standalone Sustainability Report and
climate-related disclosures required under Companies Act 2006
as amended by the Companies (Strategic Report) (Climate-related
Financial Disclosure) Regulations 2022.

In the past year, the Group further strengthened its approach to
sustainability in three ways ~ achieving full consistency with the
TCFD, completing a Double Materiality Assessment (DMA) of
sustainability impact, risk and opportunity and refreshing its
sustainobility strategy,

Full consistency with the TCFD Guidance

Our disclosures are consistent with the TCFD, for each of the four
recommendations and eleven recommended disclosures. During
the year, we performed a reassessment of our qualitatively
identified material risks and opportunities, which was followed by
the completion of our first quantitative scenario analysis, helping us
better understand the potential financial impacts of climate-related
risks and opportunities under various future scenarios and
timeframes. The output of the quantitative scenario analysis was
assessed in line with the Group's inaugural Corporate Sustainability
Reportin

---

ss was led by the Group's Sustainability Working Group, with input from third-party specialists.

Materialty thresholds were aligned with the Group's risk management policy. Engagement with employees and our external stakeholders — including
consumer representatives, key suppliers and delivery partners — enabled us to identify the issues that matter most and help us prioritise areas with the
greatest impact. The final DMA outcomes were approved by the Board on | April 2025 following recommendation from the Audit Committee.

The matrix below summarises the material impacts. risks and opportunities identified through the DMA and their materiality type:

Impact materiality
Moderate

‘ant Minor

Insigni

Insignificant Minor Moderate

Financial materiality

Key

O Energy
© woste

@ Risks

© Opportunity

@ ciimote change mitigation

© Privacy (own workspace)
© Privacy (consumers and end users)
© Health and safety (consumers and end users)

@ Access to products and services

This assessment underpins the Group's revised sustainability strategy. ensuring that goals focus on the most impactful and financially

material matters.

Finencial
Moterial risk/opportunity materiality Description Susteinebility goal
Climate change mitigation Material ~~ Material Greenhouse gas emissions and resilience to Goal I: Net zero direct
(Scope 1. 2and 3 emissions) risk risk climate-related risks. emissions
Gool 2: Net zero value
The Group's financially materiat risks in relation chain emissions
to climate change mitigation are detailed on
page 31 and are in relation to the potential for
carbon taxes and the impact of consumer
sentiment changes.
Climate change-Energy use Material Not Energy consumption linked to data storage Goall: Net zero direct
(Data storage and operations) risk material and operations. ‘emissions
Goal 2: Net zero value
chain emissions
Waste Material Not Waste generation. particularly packaging and Goal 3: Waste and
(Including packaging waste) risk material product lifecycle impacts circularity
Privacy Not Material Regulatory and financial risks from employee _ Goal 4: Technology security
(Own workforce) material risk data breaches. and data privacy
Privacy Not Material — Risks relating to GDPR compliance, consumer Goal 4: Technology security
(Consumers and end users) material risk data protection and security breaches ‘and data privacy
Health and safety Material Not Customer health and safety linked to Core business delivery
(Consumers and end users) risk material experiential and food gifts
Access to products Material Not Inclusivity and positive societal impact of Core business delivery

and services
(Consumers and end users)

opportunity material

personalised product offerings.

26

Moonpig Group pte | Annual Report and Accounts 2025 @Strategic report Corporate governance Financial statements

Revised sustainability goals
The status of the Group's four revised sustainability goals is outlined below. Goals 1 and 2 are continued from the previous sustainability
strategy. FY25 delivery against the goals in the previous sustainability strategy is set out in the Group's Sustainability Report, which can be

accessed at www.moonpig.group. a”

Goat

Status

Next steps for FY26

—S$S$}.- $A Net steps for FY2G

Goal 1 - Net zero direct emis:
We will:

+ Reduce absolute operational emissions
(Scope 1 and Scope 2) by at least 50%!
by 2030, validated by the SBTi:

* Reduce operational emissions by at
least 90%' by 2050; and

* Offset any emissions that cannot
be reduced.

In FY25, the Group's total Scope 1 and 2 greenhouse
gas emissions, calculated using the location-based
approach, were 601tCOze, (FY24: 535tCO,e). The
increase year-on-year is attributable to the non-routine
replenishment of refrigerant gas in the closed HVAC
system at our Tamworth facility in the UK. This is not
expected to recur over the system's remaining lifetime
and was not part of the original emissions baseline
After adjusting for this, to enable like-for-like
comparison, Scope 1 and 2 emissions for FY25 would
have been 530tCQ;¢, representing o 22% reduction
from the baseline’. Using the market-based approach,
which incorporates the Group's investments in
renewable energy procurement. adjusted Scope 1 and
2 emissions would have been 142tCO;e, a reduction of
79% from the baseline!

Emission reductions have been driven by enhanced
energy monitoring, including the installation of

submeters in our main UK operational facility in line
with recommendations from previous energy audits.

We consolidated our Dutch footprint by relocating
head office functions from Amsterdam to our facility in
Almere, improving overall efficiency. We also arranged
for solar panels to be installed at this facility.

We have offset Scope 1 and 2 emissions from the
previous year through investments with a specialist
partner that obtains independent verification from a
recognised accreditation body for each of its projects.
Projects included reforestation and wind power
construction

The Group will continue to
implement recommendations
from energy audits, including
procurement of renewable
energy for our offices and
operational facilities.

We will also prioritise energy

efficiency enhancements and
explore strategies to minimise
natural gas consumption.

Goal 2 ~ Net zero value chain
emissions.
We will:

* Obtain commitments from suppliers to
set net zero emissions reduction targets
aligned with SBTi criteria representing
67% of Scope 3 emissions by 30 April
2030.

* Reduce Scope 3 emissions intensity by
97%tCO2e/Elm of revenue by 2050,
offsetting any emissions which cannot
be reduced.

In FY25, we reduced emissions by 3.598tCOze from
the baseline”. Revenue intensity reduced by 12tCO,e/
£lm revenue against the baseline” at 221tCO,e/Elm
of revenue.

As at 30 April 2025, we had obtained commitments
from suppliers representing 26.8% of Scope 3 emissions
to set net zero emissions reduction targets aligned with
SBTi criteria

The greenhouse gos emissions disclosure on pages
37 to 39 includes details of our Scope 3 categories,

our organisational and operational boundaries and
the methodologies we use to measure value

chain