moonpig group ple

Revenue and profit growth
underpinned by technology
and innovation

Annual Report and Accounts 2024

————

mai

ju aio~—«orogi2024 #70

==}

*ADCOQSDB*

Strategic report

01 Financial and operational highlights

02 Ataglance

04 Chair's statement

06 Chief Executive Officer's review

10 Our journey

12. Business model

14 Business model in action

15 Market overview

16 Our strategy

18 Key drivers of growth

20 Section 172 statement and
stakeholder engagement

23 Sustainability

48 Key performance indicators

50 Chief Financial Officer's review

60 Risk management

67 Viability statement

68 Non-financial and sustainability
information statement

Corporate governance

70 Board of Directors

74 Chair's corporate governance
introduction

75 Governance framework

76 Corporate governance statement

86 Audit Committee report

96 Nomination Committee report

102 Directors’ remuneration report

118 Directors’ report

121 Statement of Directors’
responsibilities

Financial statements

122 Independent auditors’ report

130 Consolidated income statement

130 Consolidated statement of
comprehensive income

131 Consolidated balance sheet

132 Consolidated statement of changes
in equity

133 Consolidated cash flow statement

134 Notes to the consolidated financial
statements

168 Company balance sheet

169 Company statement of changes
in equity

170 Notes to the Company financial
statements

174 Alternative Performance Measures

176 Glossary

178 Shareholder information

Welcome to Moonpig Group.

We are the online
market leader for
cards and gifting.

At heart we are a technology
platform, but our customers
know us as the leading online
destination for greeting cards,
gifts and flowers.

Financial highlights

Revenue (£m).
Yeor-on-year growth: 6.6%

'£320.1m i

2
FY23° 0 FY24

Adjusted EBIT'? (£m)
Year-on-year growth: 13.2%

FY23 | FY24

Adjusted PBT'? (£m)
Year-on-year growth: 5.0%

Reported PBT (£m)

Year-on-year growth: 32.9%

FY23° 0 FY24 FY23° 0 FY24

Reported Basic EPS (p) Adjusted Basic EPS'? (p)
Year-on-year growth: 27.3% Year-on-year growth: (3.1)%

| | | |
FY23° 0 FY24 FY23. 0 FY24

Adjusted EBIT, Adjusted PBT and Adjusted Basic EPS are Alternative
Performance Measures, definitions of which are set out on pages 176 to 177.
The Group has amended its definition of Adjusting Items such that
‘omortisation of intangible assets arising on business combinations
(ecquisition amortisation) is now treated as an Adjusting Item. As o result.
current and prior year Alternative Performance Measures are stated
excluding acquisition amortisation of £6.3m (FY23: £7.5m)

© Strategic report

Corporate governance

Operational highlights

Moonpig Plus subscriptions passed half a
million members and Greetz Plus launched.
Database of customer occasion reminders
grown to 90 million (April 2023: 84 million)

Our creativity features were used over 10 million
times to add video and audio messages,
“sticker” images. digital gift vouchers and
Al-driven customised messages to the inside

of greeting cards.

App penetration of orders at Greetz increased
to 33% as ot April 2024

Launch of Al semantic search capability,
delivering more relevant and accurate

search results

Upgrade to our recommendation algorithms to
incorporate customer-level data including gift
price preferences.

Atailored online journey for every user,
including personalised homepage banners
and personalised promotions.

Increase in automated customer service
resolutions through Al chatbot deployment.
Targeted testing underway to identify profitable
ways to scale marketing activity in new
geographical markets. Total revenue in Ireland,
Australia and the US grew by 34.3% to £6.7m
(FY23: £6.5m).

Same-day digital gifting lounched on Moonpig.
combining gift experiences with e-cards.
Re-platforming of Red Letter Days and Buyagift
is on track with new gallery and landing

pages launched.

To find out more visit us at:
www.moonpig.group/investors

Financial statements

01

Moonpig Group ple | Annual Report and Accounts 2024 “

At a glance

The leading data and
technology platform for online
| greeting cards and gifting in

the UK and the Netherlands.

The UK and the Netherlands are our current core markets.

Proportion of revenue by country % of FY24 Group revenue

United Kingdom Netherlands Rest of
19, 0,

82% 15% 3%
rane manos prn2e
We operate through four online brands.

Moonpig has been a Greetz was founded in Founded in 1999, Launched in 1989,
pioneer since it was 2004 as the Netherlands’ Buyagift is a leading Red Letter Days
founded as the UK’s first first online greeting UK gift experiences pioneered the concept
online greeting cards card service. platform with options of giving unforgettable
business in 2000. in categories such as

Since then it has evolved dining, theatre and
It has since grown to into the leading ontine family outings. The idea caught people's
become a well-loved choice for our Dutch imaginations and today
brand and the number customers’ card and With the broadest and Red Letter Days, with
‘one online destination gifting needs. deepest geographical its iconic red gift box,
for our customers’ footprint in the UK, remains the “go-to” gift
gifting needs. it offers customers experiences company.

something to suit every
taste and occasion.

02

¢  @ Strategic report Corporate governance Financial statements ¢

Our strategy is to become the ultimate gifting companion.

Gifting share of revenue Cards and gifts sold Orders?

50% 48.8m

FY29": 51% FY231; 49.0m

We have a broad and balanced customer demographic.

% total users split by age group in FY24 % total users split by gender in FY24
Under 35 35-55 S5+ Male Female
40% 36% 24% AI% 59%
FY29" 40% FY23: 98% FY29:22% —FY2S): 44% FY23' 56%

We use data and technology to create loyal customer relationships.

Eon
Z\

Skilled data scientists, Moonpig and Greetz Card creative
analysts and engineers customer reminders set? feature usage*
242 90m 10m

1 _FY23 stated for the Group (Including Experiences since acquisition on 13 July 2022).

2 As ot 30 April 2024, Moonpig and Greetz only.

3. Our creativity features were used over 10 million times to add video and audio messages. “sticker” imoges, digital gift vouchers and Al-driven customised
messages to the inside of greeting cards. Not opplicable for prior year as the features are newly introduced. 03

Moonpig Group ple | Annual Report and Accounts 2024

Chair’s statement

Moonpig Group delivered growth in revenue and profit in
FY24, driven by continued focus on technology and data.

Overview

The past year has been characterised by strengthening in trading
performance with positive and improving revenue growth across
H] and H2. combined with order volumes moving into growth in
the second half of the year. This trajectory of improvement has
been driven by the Group's continued focus on technology and

is underpinned by a resilient, profitable and cash generative
business model that uses data to drive customer loyalty.

The majority of the Group's technology team are now focused
on innovation. which has driven an acceleration of the pace

at which new features are deployed. The Group has delivered
functionality to encourage customers to place orders more
frequently. including the Moonpig Plus and Greetz Plus
subscription memberships, together with card creativity features
such as video and audio messages and Al-driven customised
messages. The Group has continued to tailor how it personalises
recommendations to customers, including more sophisticated
gifting recommendation algorithms and the implementation of
8 tailored online journey for every user, including personalised
homepage banners and personalised promotions.

Alongside innovation on the core platform, the Group is
developing a pipeline of initiatives that the Board expects will
drive medium-term growth. Revenue from Moonpig’s websites
outside the UK and the Netherlands increased year-on-year by
34.3% to £8.7m (FY23: £6.5m). The Group is now able to acquire
customers profitably in Ireland and. with the Board's support,
management is carrying out targeted testing to identify profitable
ways to scale customer acquisition in Australia. Management

is also testing the prototype Moonpig for Work solution for SME
business-to-employee greeting cards and gifting.

1 Source: KPMG-BRC Retail Soles Monitor.
2 Source: OCEC, June 2024

04

Technology re-platforming of the Experience Division websites
continues at pace with a full rebuild of the front end now complete.
(Our new integration with a premium dining partner has unlocked
access to a range of gourmet restaurants in London. We have also
launched same-day gifting capability on Moonpig by combining
e-cards with Red Letter Days and Buyagift gift experiences. with
encouraging early traction across peak event days so far.

FY24 performance

The Group delivered revenue of £341.Im in FY24, representing
year-on-year growth of 6.6%. On a pro forma basis (as if
Experiences had been owned throughout FY23) full year revenue
growth was 4.5%, strengthening to 6.6% in the second half of
the year.

Growth was underpinned by trading at Moonpig. where revenue
increased by 8.2% in FY24 with a trajectory of improvement across
the twelve months. In the second half of the year, revenue from
both new and existing customers was in year-on-year growth.
Performance throughout FY24 was strong given a challenging
macroeconomic context in which the wider UK online non-food
market declined year-on-year in every month of FY24'. Technology
innovation has enabled the Moonpig brand to outperform its
competitors and continue capturing UK online market share?

The revenue trajectory at Greetz continued to improve, with
year-on-year revenue declines abating to 5.3% in H2 FY24 from
9.8% in Hl FY24 and 20.4% in FY23. Migrating Greetz onto our
unified technology platform in late 2022 prioritised a card-first
‘ontine customer journey, impacting headline revenue growth
due to the foregoing of non-core standalone gifting revenue. The
resulting card-first business is now positioned for growth in FY25.
Furthermore, organisational changes have been made such that
Greetz can better leverage Group capabilities in areas such as
marketing and card design and there has been a strong focus on
new technology features such as video and audio messages and
Greetz Plus subscription membership.

* © Strategic report

The Board was pleased that the Group's focus on technology
innovation delivered a return to volume growth in the second
half of the year. Across Moonpig and Greetz, year-on-year orders
growth improved from'a decrease of 5.1% in HI to an increase

of 5.2% in H2 FY24, This more than compensated for the impact
from moving past the full annualisation of card pricing changes
implemented in 2022.

Trading at Experiences has been resilient, increasing by 1.5%
year-on-year on a pro forma basis. The management team
continues to make good progress with strategic delivery,
including the new technology platforming for Red Letter Days
‘and Buyagift and launch on the Moonpig platform of same-day
digital delivery of gift experiences with an e-card

The Group has remained focused on profitability, delivering
Adjusted EBITDA of £95.5m (FY23: £64.2m) and an Adjusted
EBITDA margin rate of 28.0% (FY23: 26.3%). Adjusted profit
before tax increased by 5.0% to £58.2m (FY23: £55.4m). This
includes the full-year benefits of insourcing UK fulfilment in FY23.

The Group remains strongly cash generative. with operating cash
inflows of £74.2m (FY23: £56.2m) delivering a reduction in net
leverage to 1.31x (April 2023: 1.99x). The Group has also agreed
a new four-year committed revolving credit facility of £180m,
improving the efficiency and flexibility of our bank borrowings.

Employees

The dedication and hard work of the Group's people in the
Netherlands, Guernsey and the UK has enabled it to deliver
the return to revenue growth in FY24. On behalf of the Board,
| would like to thank all employees for their contribution during
the year.

Sustainability

Moonpig Group's purpose is to help its customers to connect
with people who they care about. The Board is pleased with the
Group's progress against its sustainability goals during FY24.

In particular, the Group has made strong progress against

its target to obtain commitments from suppliers to set net

Zero emissions reduction targets aligned with SBTi criteria
representing 67% of Scope 3 emissions by 30 April 2030. At the
end of the financial year, the Group had obtained supplier
commitments covering 19.3% of Scope 3 emissions, compared to
9.7% at 30 April 2023.

The Moonpig Group Foundation has continued to support
‘organisations with missions that align with the Group's aim of
creating better and more personal connections between people
who care about each other. Beneficiaries in FY24 included the
Campaign Against Living Miserably in the UK. the Guernsey Society
for Cancer Relief and Stichting Jarige Job in the Netherlands.

Customer net promoter score continues to be affected by the
delivery performance of the postal service providers in the UK
and the Netherlands. Management has a clear strategy to
address this, focused on leveraging the Group's database of
reminders to encourage earlier ordering and delivery, improving
how the Group communicates estimated delivery dates,
providing more options for tracked delivery and expanding our
range of digital delivery options.

Board and governance

The Group maintained full compliance with the UK Corporate
Governance Code in FY24, as detailed in the Corporate
governance statement on pages 76 to 85.

Corporate governance Financiat statements

The Board has been briefed on the UK Corporate Governance
Code 2024, which will apply to the Group from FY26 generally
and from FY27 for Provision 29, which concerns the Company's
internal control framework, Work has commenced to facilitate
compliance from the effective dates.

The Board continues to meet the requirement that at least half
its members (excluding the Chair) are Independent Non-
Executive Directors.

During the year, the Group completed its first externally-
facilitated evaluation of the Board and its Committees. The
results were discussed at our March 2024 Board meeting.
together with progress against actions from previous years’
evaluations. These are summarised in the Corporate governance
statement on page 83.

Directorate change

Simon Davidson resigned as Nominee Director in April

2024, following Exponent Private Equity LLP’s reduction in its
shareholding below the 10% threshold at which it had a right

to nominate a director to the Board. On behalf of the Board,

| would like to thank Simon for the significant contribution that
he has made to Moonpig Group across the last eight years.

His insight and expertise have been of great value to the Board.

Diversity

As at 30 April 2024 and at the date of this report, the Board

hos 43% female representation, and therefore meets the Listing
Rule target for at least 40% of individuals on the Board to be
women. We also meet the Listing Rule targets for at least one
senior board position to be held by a woman (by virtue of my
‘appointment as Chair) and for at least one Board member to be
from an ethnic minority background (as the Board currently has
two ethnic minority directors).

During the year, the Board considered the new Parker Review
requirements to improve the ethnic diversity of FTSE 350 senior
management teams and approved an updated Board Diversity
Policy which includes a voluntary target for 15% representation
of ethnic minorities in the Extended Leadership Team by 2027.

The Board remains committed to the FTSE Women Leaders
Review target of at least 40% female representation on the
Extended Leadership Team. Current female representation
at this level is 41%. The Group is ranked 32nd in the FTSE 250
for women on boards and in leadership by the FTSE Women
Leaders Review 2023,

Audit tender

During the year the Audit Committee carried out a formal tender
of the external audit for the year ending 30 April 2026. Based

‘on the recommendations of the Audit Committee, the Board
selected PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP. The tender process and
selection criteria are set out in the Audit Committee report on
pages 86 to 95.

Looking ahead

The Board is pleased with the start to the new financial year
and is confident that the business will deliver long-term value
for shareholders. The Group remains ideally placed to maintain
and increase its online market share whilst leading the shift in its
markets from offline to online.

Kate Swann

Non-Executive Chair
26 June 2024

05

Moonpig Group ple | Annual Report and Accounts 2024

Chief Executive Officer’s review

We delivered a return to revenue growth, underpinned
by acceleration in technology innovation.

Overview

FY24 has been a period of strong financial and strategic
delivery, with activity focused in the following key areas:

* Innovation on our unified technology platform, which drove a
strengthening in revenue growth to 6.6% in the second half
of the year. Our product, data and technology teams have
significantly increased the velocity of delivery for customer-
facing growth initiatives. These include Moonpig Plus and
Greetz Plus subscriptions, card creativity features (such as
audio and video messages, group cards, digital delivery of
gift experiences) and Al technologies that leverage data on
Previous customer purchase behaviour to enhance gifting
recommendation algorithms

* Continued execution of the transformation project at
Experiences, including phased migration to a new
technology platform and the launch of a new visual identity
for both brands to support differentiated market positioning

* Developing our pipeline of initiatives intended to drive
medium-term growth, including marketing investment in
Ireland, targeted testing to identify profitable ways to scale
customer acquisition in Australia and the US, and testing of
‘our prototype Moonpig for Work solution for SME business to
employee gifting.

06

Moonpig Group has maintained its investment in technology.
marketing and operations through the economic cycle due to the
resilience, profitability and cash generation of our business

* Our focus on customer lifetime value equips us with resilience
in more challenging conditions. Our approach at Moonpig
and Greetz is focused on acquiring loyal customer cohorts
that drive recurring revenue and 89% of revenue at these
brands was generated from existing customers (FY23: 89%).
The long-term “sticky” nature of these customer cohorts is
supported by our data and technology platform, which
allows us to personalise the user experience. More generally,
the greeting cards market has a long track record of
recession-resilience.

* Adjusted EBITDA margin rate increased to 28.0%

(FY23: 26.3%) through a combination of gross margin
rate improvement and disciplined control of indirect costs.
Our low-inventory strategy means that profit margins are
not exposed to significant stock-related risks.

* Our business is highly cash generative. We improved the
ratio of net debt to Adjusted EBITDA to 1.31x at 30 April 2024,
from 1.99x at 30 April 2023.

© Strategic report

Leveraging data and technology
Last year, we completed a multi-year project to unite Moonpig
‘and Greetz onto a single technology platform. This freed

., Most of our technology teams to focus on innovation and
‘experimentation, driving an acceleration of the pace at which
we deploy new features.

We have further enhanced our use of Al to personalise
customer experience:

+ Significant upgrade to our algorithms by incorporating
individual customer level data into our gift recommendation
engine, unlocking the ability to show different price ranges to
different customer cohorts.

* Introduced personalisation elements into all parts of the
journey, including homepage banners and promotions
unique to the individual customer.

* Enhanced the capabilities of our Al-powered Customer
Service chatbot, driving a significant reduction in the number
of customer contacts being handled by agents.

* Launched Al semantic search capability, using large
language models to better understand and interpret
customer search terms, which will drive increasingly more
relevant search results over time.

We are leveraging technology to drive higher customer
lifetime value:

+ Moonpig Plus subscriptions passed the milestone of half
@ million members, with continued strong sign-up rates and
promising renewal rates for the first cohort who joined in
June 2023.

+ Greetz Plus launched in January 2024 and is following a
similar encouraging trajectory to the UK.

+ Our creativity features were used over 10 million times,
allowing customers to add video and audio messages,
“sticker” images, digital gift vouchers and Al-driven
customised messages to greeting cards.

We are building deeper network effects:

* We have deployed features that enable online interaction
with recipients (such as video messages and digital gifts)
‘and message contributors (group cards). increasing the
potential to convert them into new customers.

+ Moonpig for Work is live in beta version for several customers
ahead of planned launch in FY25. This solution is initially
targeted at SME business-to-employee card giving and
gifting around events such as birthdays, work anniversaries
‘and Christmas.

We are investing in technology at Experiences, and upgrading
how we cross-sell gift experiences to Moonpig customers:

* We have launched same-day gifting capability on Moonpig
by combining e-cards with digital gift experiences, with
encouraging early traction across peak event days so far.

* Technology re-platforming of the Red Letter Days and
Buyagift websites continues at pace with a full rebuild of the
front end now complete.

* We completed an integration with a premium dining partner
unlocking access to restaurants in London such as Harvey
Nichols, Benihana, Colonel Saab, Corrigan’s Mayfair
and Harrods

Corporate governance Financial statements

Building our brands

Our strategy remains focused on delivering revenue growth
through’our existing customer base and we grew Moonpig and
Greetz revenue from existing customers by 5.9% to £261.3m
(FY23: £246.8m). Our key areas of focus remain:

+ Continuously improving how we leverage our database
of 90 million customer occasion reminders (April 2023:
84 million) to communicate with customers, Reminders
represent o powerful ecosystem, enabling us to engage with
customers at moments of high card-giving intent, and drive
a significant proportion of Moonpig and Greetz revenue.

+ Encouraging customer sign-up to Moonpig Plus and Greetz
Plus, as well as migrating Greetz customers to the opp that
we launched in FY23, Greetz app penetration increased
during the year to 33% (April 2023: 22%).

* Raising customer awareness of differentiated card creativity
‘options that we believe will drive customer loyalty and
increase lifetime vatue. By showcasing innovative features
such as video and audio messages, we emphasise that our
offering is superior to the online and offline competition.

This message is delivered through our website real estate.
social media and video on demand. Initiatives include the
“With Greetz you give more than a card” campaign in the
Netherlands and new creative advertising copy for Moonpig.
which we plan to launch across all channels including TV in
the UK in FY25.

We were pleased that revenue from newly acquired customers
moved back into year-on-year growth at Moonpig in H2 FY24,
whilst the behaviour of cohorts acquired in the past year
remained consistent with historical cohorts. Our brands are
powerful assets, built over several decades, with high levels of
consumer awareness and a strong association with convenience,
service and range. Across FY24 we have maintained significant
investment in marketing in the UK and the Netherlands. in line
with prior year levels. We continue to acquire loyal customer
cohorts that deliver lifetime value rather than pursuing short-
term, transactional revenue.

We want to build a pipeline of early-stage revenue expansion
initiatives and have increased our activity in new geographical
markets. Revenue from Moonpig websites in Ireland, Australia
and the US grew by 34.3% to £8.7 million (FY23: £6.5 million).
We successfully increased new customer acquisition in Ireland
and are conducting tests to identify scalable marketing strategies
in Australia and the US. Additionally, we are enhancing the
customer proposition by introducing localised card design
ranges, expanding the gifting range (through physical gifts in
Ireland and Australia and retail gift vouchers in the US) and
building partnerships with local gifting providers. Where we gain
confidence in customer lifetime value in any of these markets,

we would look to further scale our marketing investment.

At Experiences, we have continued the process of differentiating
the Red Letter Days and Buyagift brands, so that the former
‘emphasises iconic experiences and a more curated range. whilst
the latter is more value-led. A new, fresh visual identity has been
rolted-out at each brand. We have also increased marketing
investment during the key pre-Christmas trading period.
supplementing the optimisation of performance marketing with
new brand marketing activity focused around online video and
social media to build awareness ond purchase consideration.

07

Moonpig Group ple | Annual Report and Accounts 2024 . ‘

Chief Executive Officer’s review continued

Evolving our range

Our customers love well-known brands that provide

reassurance that the gift will delight the recipient. As part

of our ongoing programme to onboard "trusted brands” at
Moonpig. we expanded our partnership with Virgin Wines

to cover personalised still and sparkling wine and launched
Hotel Chocolat in February 2024, which instantly became one

of our most popular gifting options. Similarly, at Greetz we are
likewise strengthening our roster of trusted brands, for instance *
through the recent launch of Lindt chocolate

We have established a unified global team responsible for
all designs on greeting cards and personalised gifts. This

team continues to negotiate with global licensors to bring
internationally recognised properties to Greetz that already
feature on Moonpig. Given the popularity of “sticker” images thot
customers can use to personalise the inside of greeting cards

‘on Moonpig and Greetz, we have also expanded our range of
sticker designs to include images from franchises such as Disney
Princess, Marvel, Star Wars and Harry Potter.

In FY24, our Experiences division onboarded “hero” brands such
as Champneys Health Spa and W Hotels. With Moonpig scaling
sales of gift experiences as both physically printed codes in cards
‘and instantly delivered digital attachments to e-cards, we are
now focused on expanding our range of mid-priced experiences
in categories such as casual dining that resonate well with
Moonpig customers.

In the current trading environment, we have also focused on
operational process efficiency and the delivery of improvements
in gross margin. We delivered an increase in Group gross margin
rate to 59.4% (FY23: 56.1%), the reduction in inventories to £7.1m
(April 2023: £12.3m) and an extension in the Greetz cut-off time
for same-day dispatch to lpm for all cards, gifts and flowers

08

Maintaining high ethical, environmental

and sustainability standards

We continue to execute against our sustainability strategy.
which commits the Group to eight long-term goals focused on
the environment, its people and its communities. In particular.
the Group has made strong progress against its target to obtain
commitments from suppliers to set net zero emissions reduction
targets aligned with SBTi criteria, representing 67% of Scope 3
emissions by 30 April 2030. At the end of the financial year. the
Group had obtained supplier commitments covering 19.3% of
Scope 3 emissions, compared to 9.7% at 30 April 2023.

Akey area of focus remains customer net promoter score, which
has been impacted by the delivery performance of postal service
providers in the UK and the Netherlands. To address this, we
have implemented a clear strategy focused on:

* Encouraging earlier ordering and delivery. including sending
the first reminder message to customers 14 days before
each occasion.

+ Improving how we communicate estimated delivery dates.
Our new “date first” user experience flows at the checkout
‘on our website and apps clearly inform customers about
the possibility of scheduling their orders for cards and gifts
in advance.

* Providing more options for tracked delivery. We have
collaborated with Royal Mail to introduce a tracked delivery
service at an attractive consumer price. This service,
available during peak demand periods such os Christmas,
Valentine's Day, and Mother's Day, allows customers to send
greeting cards even after the cut-off for first-class letter post.

* Expanding our digital offering to include e-cards with same-
date digital delivery of a gift experience, leveraging the
range of Red Letter Days and Buyagift.

We are passionate about diversity in the technology sector. As at
30 April 2024, the combined representation of women and ethnic
minorities on our extended leadership team stands at 49% (April
2023: 52%). Female representation at this level is 41%, exceeding
the 40% target set by the FTSE Women Leaders Review Target.
We were proud to be ranked 32nd in the FTSE 250 for women

‘on boards and in leadership by the FTSE Women Leaders
Review 2023.

Nickyl Raithatha

Chief Executive Officer
26 June 2024

‘ r © Strategic report

Moonpig Plus
and Greetz Plus

At the end of May 2023, we introduced Moonpig
Plus subscriptions. This scheme offers a package
of benefits including discounts on greeting

card purchases in return for an annual fee,
incentivising and rewarding increased usage.
The response has been positive, with over half

@ million customers becoming members so far.

Building on this success, we launched Greetz
Plus in January 2024, which has resulted in
customer order frequency increases similar
to those seen with Moonpig Plus.

Looking ahead, we will continue to refine

‘and enhance the scheme, adding benefits
‘and features to encourage higher subscription
uptake and increase order frequency.

Personalised
audio messages

As part of our strategy to differentiate the inside
of our cards from competitors, we introduced

@ unique feature in FY23 that allows customers
to add custom video messages to any Moonpig
or Greetz greeting card. Building on this, we
launched audio messages across both brands
in October 2023.

Customers can choose their favourite card
design and upload a personalised video or
audio message. We then print the card with
a QR code linked to this media. The recipient
can easily access and enjoy the personalised
message by scanning the QR code with
their smartphone.

Both innovations have proven popular.
By 30 April 2024, over 500,000 audio and
video messages had been sent, helping
our customers to connect meaningfully
with those they care about.

Corporate governance

Financial statements

09

Moonpig Group ple | Annual Report and Accounts 2024

Our journey

We have transformed our
business into a technology
and data platform for gifting.

Moonpig Group is a leading international gifting platform with

a rich history of innovation and growth. It all began in April

2000 when moonpig.com was launched as the UK's first online
card retailer. The vision was simple: to create a better card than
customers could find on the high street, by combining digital
printing and the internet. As time went on, the Group expanded
into card-attached gifting, adding flowers, off-the-shelf gifts and
balloons to its range.

In 2018, the Group acquired Greetz, one of the Netherlands’
leading online card and gifting businesses. Greetz was founded
in 2004, since then it has established itself as a clear market
leader in online cards with strong brand awareness

On 5 February 2021, the Company was admitted to trading on
the London Stock Exchange's Main Market for listed securities.

In July 2022, the Group completed the acquisition of Experiences,
which operates the Red Letter Days and Buyagift brands. The
acquisition was closely aligned to our strategy of becoming the
ultimate gifting companion.

From 2018 onwards, the Group has invested in transforming
itself into the world's leading technology and data platform

for greeting cards and gifting. This has involved several large
foundational projects, including the migration of Greetz onto our
Unified technology platform and the opening of new, state-of-
the-ort operational facilities in the UK and the Netherlands.

Since completing these foundational projects, the Group's
technology, data and product teams have focused on growth
initiatives and product innovations, such as Al-generated ‘smart
text’ greeting card messages, the ability to add personalised
video and audio messages to cards and the ability to send group
cards containing messages from multiple contributors

Features launched in the last twelve months include Moonpig
Plus and Greetz Plus membership subscriptions, same-day
digital capability on Moonpig by combining gift experiences with
e-cards. a range of physical gifts in Australia and retail gift cards
in the US. In addition, our 2B product Moonpig for Work is live
in beta version for several customers ahead of planned launch

in FY25.

@ innovator of personalised cards
@ The leading online card and gift shop
© Transformation into a technology and data platform

@ Tronsition to innovation and growth initiatives

10

1
x

2000

Moonpig, the first
online greeting cards
business, was founded

2004

Greetz was founded in
the Netherlands

2007

Moonpig introduced gifts

2010

Greetz introduced flowers

2018

Moonpig Group
acquired Greetz

2021

Moonpig Group
floated on the
London Stock Exchange