Moonpig group pic
The technology and
data platform for
cards and gifting

*ACCKKKZS*

nnual Report and Accounts 2023

Welcome to
Moonpig Group.

Strategic report

ol
02
04

26
54
56
66
72
74

Financial and operational highlights
Ata glance

Chair's statement

Chief Executive Officer's review

Our journey

Business model

Market overview

Our strategy

Key drivers of growth

Section 172 statement and

stakeholder engagement
Environmental, social and governance
Key performance indicators

Chief Financial Officer's review

Risk management

Viability statement

Non-financial information statement

Corporate governance

76
60
61
62
92
100
104
125
128

Board of Directors

Chair's corporate governance introduction
Governance framework

Corporate governance statement

Audit Committee report

Nomination Committee report

Directors’ Remuneration report

Directors’ report

Statement of Directors’ responsibilities

Financial statements

130
141
141

142
143

144
145
161
182

183
186

190
192

Independent auditors’ report
Consolidated Income Statement
Consolidated Statement of
Comprehensive Income
Consolidated Balance Sheet
Consolidated Statement of
Changes in Equity

Consolidated Cash Flow Statement
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Company Balance Sheet

Company Statement of

Changes in Equity

Notes to the Company

Financial Statements

Alternative performance measures
Glossary

Shareholder information

We are the online market
leader for cards and gifting.

At heart we are a technology
platform, but our customers
know us as the leading online
destination for greeting
cards, gifts and flowers.

84m

customer occasion reminders.

To find out
more visit
us at:

www.moonpig.group

Financial highlights.

Revenue (£m)
4 year growth: 166%

Adjusted EBITDA margin’ (%)

4 year growth: 7.4%pts

Profit after tax (Em)
4 year growth: 95.6%

Adjusted EBITDA! (Em)
4 yeor growth: 270%

Adjusted PBT’ (£m)
4 year growth: 179%

Basic EPS? (p)
4 year growth: 95.0%

Operational highlights.

Greetz migration onto the Moonpig
technology platform completed in
September 2022.

Team of 250 technology specialists
now focused on accelerating growth
initiatives.

Roadmap of innovation, including
Moonpig Plus subscriptions and
group cards.

Launch of video messages and digital
gifting in greeting cards at Moonpig.

Launch of new iOS and Android apps
at Greetz.

Database of customer occasion
reminders has grown to 84m as at
30 April 2023.

Growth in online cards market share
to 70% in the UK and 67% in the
Netherlands.”

Opening of new in-house operational
facilities in both the UK and the
Netherlands.

Acquisition of Experiences, welcoming
Red Letter Days and Buyagift to the
Group.

Investment to modernise the Experiences
technology platform commenced.

Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA morgin
ond Adjusted PBT ore Altemative Performance
Meosures. definitions of which are set out in the
Chief Financial Officer's review on pages 56 to 65.

Source: OCBC, June 2023

As the Group was incorporated in FY21 there were
no issued shores in FYI9 and FY20. For illustrative
purposes Basic EPS has been calculated for these
years using the weighted average basic number
of shores in FY21.

01

The leading data and

Moonpig Group ple | Annual Report and Accounts 2023

At a glance

technology platform for online

greeting cards and gifting

in

the UK and the Netherlands.

The UK and the Netherlands are our current core markets.

United Kingdom

81%

FY22: 76%
FY2I: 75%
FY20: 71%

Proportion of revenue by country in FY23 % of Group revenue

Rest of

Netherlands world

17%

FY22: 23%
FYZI: 23%
FY20: 27%

We operate through four online brands.

Moonpig has been a pioneer
since it was founded as the
UK's first online greeting
cards business in 2000.

It has since grown to
become a well-loved brand
and the number one online
destination for all our
customers’ gifting needs.

02

Greetz was founded in
Amsterdam in 2004 as the
Netherlands’ first online
greeting card service.

Greetz aims to make it
easier and more personal
for people to be thoughtful
and is widely recognised
as a leading player in
delivering personalisation
in the gifting market.

Founded in 1999, Buyagift is
«@ leading UK gift experiences
platform with options in
categories such as dining,
theatre and family outings.

With the broadest and
deepest geographical
footprint in the UK, it gives
customers an unrivalled
choice with something to suit
every taste and occasion.

2%

FY22: 1%
FYZI: 2%
FY20: 2%

Launched in 1989, Red Letter
Days pioneered the concept
of giving unforgettable
experiences as a gift.

The idea caught people's
imaginations and today Red
Letter Days, with its iconic red
gift box, remains the “go-to”
gift experiences company.

© Strategic report

Corporate governance

Financial statements

Our strategy is to become the ultimate gifting companion.

Gifting share of revenue!

Le
51%

Cards and gifts sold’

49m

FY22: 48% FY22: 57m April 2022: 2,400
FY2I: 46% FY21: 73m ‘April 2021: 1,400
FY20: 42% FY20: 36m April 2020: 1,000

Gifting SKUs?

8,800

We have a broad and balanced customer demographic.

% total users split by age group in FY23?

Under 35 35-55 55+
9 9 9
40% 38% 22%

% total users split by gender in FY23!

Male Female

% 56%

44% fo
FY22: 40% FY22: 60%
naar maar
0.35% Peper

We use data and technology to create loyal customer relationships.

A

OOO
DQ

Highly skilled data scientists,
analysts and engineers?

250

April 2022: 195,
April 2021: 153
April 2020: 106

April 2022: 72m
Ay

Moonpig and Greetz
customer reminders set?

84m

Lifetime transactions*

266m

April 2022: 230m
April 2021: 190m
April 2020: 130m

1 FY23 stated for the Group (including Experiences since acquisition on 13 July 2022 and excluding Experiences for the pre-acquisition period in FY23 and prior yeors).
2 Ast 30 April 2029, Stated for the Group (including Experiences as at 30 April 2023 and excluding Experiences for prior years).

3. Asot 30 April 2023. Moonpig and Greetz only.

4 Cumulative transactions as of 30 April 2023. All-time for Moonpig. from 1 September 2018 (post acquisition) for Greetz ond from 13 July 2022 (post acquisition) for Experiences,

03

Moonpig Group'ple | Annual Report and Accounts 2023 ‘

Chair’s statement

“Moonpig Group has demonstrated resilience,
profitability and strong cash generation whilst
putting in place the foundations for growth.”

Overview

The post year has been testament to Moonpig Group's

resilience, demonstrating its ability to deliver high profitability
‘and strong cash generation across the economic cycle. This
refiects a flexible business model that leverages technology and
proprietary data to create enduring customer relationships and is
enabled by the recession-resilience of the greeting card market
Ithas been achieved whilst continuing to make significant
investments in marketing, operations and technology.

The year was also notable for the successful delivery of several
strategic projects including the acquisition of Experiences,

the opening of new operational facilities in the UK and the
Netherlands and the migration of Greetz onto the Group's
unified technology platform. The Group has since refocused

its 250 data scientists, analysts and engineers towards
developing new customer-facing functionality to drive revenue
growth and innovation.

The Board does not expect the wider economic environment to
become more favourable in the year ahead. Nevertheless, the
foundations put in place by management provide the base for
the expected delivery of profitable growth in FY24. In addition,
we expect the Group's strong operating cash Hows to drive
further deleveraging

04

FY23 performance

The Group delivered revenue of £320.1m in FY23 (FY22:
£304.3m), which was significantly higher than pre-Covid
comporative figures. Year-on-year growth of 5.2% reflects the
acquisition of Experiences, partially offset by the positive impact
on prior year from lockdown restrictions ot Moonpig and Greetz.

The Group delivered Adjusted EBITDA of £84.2m (FY22:
£74.9.m). The acquisition of Experiences contributed £13.0m of
Adjusted EBITDA, which broadly offset the impact of the post-
Covid reversion of trading at Moonpig and Greetz. Adjusted
EBTIDA margin of 26.3% (FY22: 24.6%) was achieved through a
combination of initiatives to improve gross margin rate, targeting
resources towards higher-margin cards sales and indirect cost
control. This was delivered at the same time as maintaining
significant investment in marketing, alongside expansion of the
Group's operational network and an acceleration in the pace of
technology development.

4 @ Strategic report

Acquisition of Experiences

As part of our strategic aim to drive our gifting proposition, on
13 July 2022, the Group completed the acquisition of Red Letter
Days and Buyagift. welcoming them to the Group as our new
Experiences segment.

A strategic refocus ond significant operational change
have been delivered since then, including appointing a

new Managing Director, starting a project to modernise the
Experiences technology platform. relocating fulfilment to
Moonpig's operational facility, outsourcing customer services ond
co-locating Experiences employees at the Group's head office.

The acquisition brought a high quality. complementary
business to Moonpig Group, offering strong strategic fit and
‘opportunities for revenue synergies. The introduction of digital
gifting capabilities to the Moonpig platform has already begun,
with the launch of a feature allowing customers to add a gift to
the inside of a card in the form of a redeemable code.

The acquisition of Experiences was financed through available
cash and additional revolving credit facilities. Strong cosh
generation since then has driven deleveraging. with net debt
to pro forma Adjusted EBITDA (stated to include a full year of
Experiences) of 1.97x as at 30 April 2023

The Board is comfortable with the Group's net debt position,
taking into account that there is significant liquidity headroom
ond covenant headroom. that approximately three quarters
of the Group's floating rate interest exposure is hedged and
that the Group's facilities are committed until December 2025.
The Group's short term capital allocation priority is continued
deleveraging. Net debt to Adjusted EBITDA remains ona
strong downward trajectory.

Employees

The Group's employees in the Netherlands, Guernsey and

the UK have played a key role in delivering resilient financial
performance in FY23 and in successfully executing the vorious
strategic projects completed during the year. On behalf of the
Board. I'd like to thank all employees for their dedication and
hord work.

Corporate responsibility

Moonpig Group's purpose is to help its customers to connect
with those that they care about. The Board is pleased with
the Group's progress against its environmental, social and
governance goals during FY23.

The Group has made further progress in reducing Scope 1 and
2 greenhouse gos emissions, delivering a 3% year-on-year
reduction and lowering them to 22% below the FY20 baseline’.
This reduction was driven by moving to two new fulfilment sites
with high environmental standards, adopting renewable energy
tariffs and making continuous operational improvements to
increose energy efficiency.

Moreover, management has completed significant project to
measure Scope 3 emissions and set ambitious targets to reduce
them by 97% by 2050, with o medium-term torget for supplier
engagement. The Group aims to obtain commitments from
suppliers covering 67% of its Scope 3 emissions to set reduction
targets aligned with SBTi criteria by April 2030

1 For Scope 1 and 2 emissions, the baselins

Corporate governance

Financial statements i

The Group performed well against its diversity goals. meeting
goal 7 with 45% of new hires in technical roles being female
(FY22: 37%) and 52% combined representation of women and
ethnic minorities on the Leadership Team (FY22: 53%)

The Moonpig Group Foundation has continued to support
various organisations with missions that align with the Group's
aim of creating better and more personal connections between
people who care about each other. Beneficiaries included

End Youth Homelessness, Kinderhulp in the Netherlands and
Les Bourgs Hospice in Guernsey.

Our employee engagement goal has been impacted by the
challenges of operating in on economic downturn characterised
by disciplined control of discretionary costs. Customer net
Promoter score was affected by the unfortunate impact of
repeated industrial action at Royal Mail. Management is focused
‘on delivering improvement in both of these areas.

Board and governance

The Group complied in full with the UK Corporate Governance
Code in FY23, as set out in the Governance Statement from
pages 62 to 91. The Board continues to meet the requirement thot
at least half its members (excluding the Chair) are Independent
Non-Executive Directors.

A Relationship Agreement is in place to ensure thot the Company
is capable ot all times of carrying on its business independently
of Exponent, its former controlling shareholder. Exponent hos

@ right to nominate one Nominee Director to the Board until

its shareholding falls below 10%. As at the date of this Report,
Exponent held 12.0% of issued share capital

During the year the Board reviewed the composition of all its
Committees and, given the Board's evolution since Admission
in 2021, it was determined that | would step down from the
Remuneration Committee with effect from 29 March 2023. Since
that date, the Committee has been composed solely of the four
Independent Non-Executive Directors.

Board diversity is important, and | am confident thot the Board
collectively possesses o broad range of experience, skills and
knowledge from different backgrounds. We currently have 38%
female representation, which is close to the new Listing Rule
target of 40%, with the gap reflecting the appointment of a male
Nominee Director under the Relationship Agreement. We meet
the new Listing Rule targets for at least one senior Board position
to be held by a woman (by virtue of my appointment as Chair)
‘and for at least one Board member to be from a minority ethnic
background (as we have two minority ethnic Directors)

Looking ahead

The Board is pleased with the start to the new financial yeor and
is confident thot the foundations laid by management provide

@ platform for delivering profitable growth in FY24, The Group
remains ideally placed to maintain and increase its online market
share whilst leading the shift in its markets from offline to online.

Kate Swann

Non-Executive Chair
28 June 2023

/e0r is FY20 and this has been volidated by the Science Bosed Torgets initiative ("SBT"). The FY20 baseline hos been

re-coleulated for FY20 emissions at Experiences following the acquisition of that segment.

05

’ i Moonpig Group’ple | Annual Report and Accounts 2023 we

Chief Executive Officer’s review

“We have laid the ground work for our expected
return to organic revenue growth in FY24.”

Overview

The Group's business model is resilient, profitable and cash
generative. This has enabled us to maintain investment in our
technology, marketing and operations throughout the year
ended 30 April 2023, laying the groundwork for an expected
return to organic revenue growth during FY24.

+ We have scaled our technology team to 250 skilled data
scientists, analysts, and engineers. up from 195 in April 2022
and 153 in April 2021.

* After four years of foundational work and the successful
migration of Greetz onto our unified technology platform, our
technology teams are now accelerating growth initiatives
that can be leveraged across both of our card-first brands.
A technology and dato-led innovation roadmap is being
implemented, including features such as’Moonpig Plus
subscriptions, video messages in greeting cards and group
cords that will enhance the Moonpig and Greetz value
proposition relative to online and offline alternatives.

06

We have opened new operational facilities on ten-year
leases in Almere, Netherlands and Tamworth, UK. Insourcing
operations enhances scalability. provides flexibility for driving
customer basket size through bundling gifts and offers
potential for gross margin efficiencies.

We have continued to build our brands. Our principle of
maintaining marketing efficiency led to a lower marketing
spend in light of fewer available online search engine
impressions, however our customer acquisition activity
remained substantial, with revenue from new customers
continuing to exceed pre-pandemic levels.

We completed the acquisition of Red Letter Days and
Buyagift, welcoming them to the Group as our Experiences
segment. Following acquisition. we have implemented
significant operational changes. including appointing a

new Managing Director and leadership team and are

now investing to deliver the strategic roadmap set out

at acquisition, including modernising the Experiences
technology platform.

© ‘Strategic report

The Group has a compelling market growth opportunity ahead
of it, os online penetration of the single greeting cards market
remains low at approximately 15% in the UK and 21% in the
Netherlands for 2022 (source: OCEC). As the clear leader in
the online segment, we are well placed to copitalise on and
drive the transition from offline to online. We also now own
Experiences, which provides opportunities to unlock innovation
through digital gifting and has equipped us with a profitable
presence in the standalone gifting market.

Despite facing a more challenging trading environment from
October 2022 onwards, we have delivered a strong set of
results. This reflects the commitment of our people across the UK,
Guernsey ond the Netherlands, ond has been made possible by
the strength and flexibility of our business model:

* Our focus on customer lifetime value equips us with resilience
in more challenging conditions. Our approach at Moonpig
‘ond Greetz is focused on acquiring loyal customer cohorts
that drive recurring annual revenue and 88.6% of revenue at
these brands was generated from existing customers (FY22:
86.5%). The long-term “sticky” nature of these customer
cohorts is supported by our dota and technology platform,
which allows us to personalise the user experience. Our
database of 84m reminders (April 2022: 72m) enables us to
communicate directly with customers ot times of maximum
purchase intent. More generally. the greeting cards market
has a long track record of recession-resilience.

+ We have delivered £84.2m (FY22: £74.9m) of Adjusted
EBITDA, reHecting 12.4% year-on-year growth. The
acquisition of Experiences contributed £13.0m of Adjusted
EBITDA, which was broadly offset by the impact of post-Covid
reversion of trading at Moonpig and Greetz. Gross margin
rate has improved year-on-year, refiecting management
action to improve intake margin. the category mix impact of
prioritising resources towards higher-margin cards, the use of
our personalised promotions engine to target discounts more
precisely and the impact of the acquisition of Experiences.
We have prioritised resources where the return on investment
is highest. We hove taken a disciptined approach to the
management of indirect costs.

* Our business is highly cash generative. Net debt to pro forma
Adjusted EBITDA decreased from 2.45x at 31 October 2022
to 1.97x at 30 April 2023 and we expect this trajectory of
deleveraging to continue in the year ahead

We delivered FY23 Adjusted EBITDA of £84.2m (FY22: £74.9m)
‘and operating cash How of £56.2m (FY22: £59.6m) whilst
maintaining investment for growth and delivering on our three
strategic pillars. These pillars focus on leveraging date and
technology to make the gifting experience effortless, building
our brands so receiving our product always means more and
ensuring the perfect range of cards and gifts for every occasion

Corporate governance +

Financial statements

Leveraging data and technology

In 2018, we embarked on a multi-year journey to transform
Moonpig and Greetz into technology and dato-led businesses.
We accomplished this in September 2022 with the completion

of a unified technology platform. After four years of work on
foundational projects, the majority of our skilled data scientists,
analysts and engineers are now focused on iteration. testing and
improvement to drive revenue growth at Moonpig and Greetz.

The pace of technology innovation has risen, with key
developments including

* The full launch of Moonpig Plus, our low-cost, affordable
subscription service, in May 2023, Based on extensive testing
throughout FY23 we expect that this will increase customer
order frequency.

* The introduction of new iOS and Android apps for Greetz

+ The lounch of tailored recommendation algorithms at Greetz
to drive gift attachment by Dutch customers.

+ The implementation of suggested gift bundles. an improved
gift/flower image carousel and gift cross-sell at the basket
stoge of the customer journey at Moonpig.

+ The roll-out of video messages across the card range. with
over 75,000 messages sent by Father's Day 2023

+ The lounch of digital codes for gift experiences in Moonpig
cards.

+ The introduction of stickers and photos for the inside of cords
at Moonpig and Greetz.

+ The phased roll-out of new features and functionality for
Moonpig group cards.

‘At Experiences, we have extended direct voucher redemption
to more products including The View from The Shard and city
cruises to drive recipient-into-customer conversion. We are also
investing in modernising the Experiences technology platform,
with a new content management system and on-site search
scheduled for roll-out in FY24

Building our brands

Through continued, disciplined marketing activity, we delivered
FY23 revenue from new customers that was 33% higher than

in FYI9, the largest pre-Covid year. Moonpig launched its most
comprehensive cross-channel marketing campaign ahead of
Mother's Day in the UK, enabling Moonpig to record its largest
ever week of sales during March 2023,

Over the post five years, our strategy has consistently emphasised
delivering revenue growth through the existing customer base,
and the share of revenue from existing customers increased year-
on-yeor to 86.6% (FY22: 86.5%). We maintained our disciplined
approach to new customer acquisition in which we ensure that
payback periods stay within our framework. We aim to acquire
high-quolity, loyal customer cohorts that deliver lifetime value
rather than pursuing short-term, transactional revenue.

07

Moonpig Group’ple | Annual Report ond Accounts 2023

Chief Executive Officer's review

We have broadened the marketing mix through increased
consumer PR coverage and partnerships. such as the successful
launch of the “Disney 100" flowers range. At Greetz, we focused
on driving app downloads after launching new iOS and Android
‘opps in September 2022

Reminders are one of the most effective ways for Moonpig
and Greetz to communicate with customers and growing the
number of reminders set has been a key business objective
across recent years. We delivered against this in FY23, further
increasing the size of the database from 72m reminders at
April 2022 to 84m reminders at April 2023. In the year ahead
we will emphasise reminder collection at Greetz, where a
smaller proportion of customers have set more than one
reminder, compared to Moonpig. We are also implementing
iatives such as "upcoming occasions” panels on customer
landing pages. to improve reminder conversion.

Whilst Experiences primarily focused on optimising online
performance marketing, we have begun the process of
differentiating the Red Letter Days and Buyagift brands, so that
the former emphasises iconic experiences and a more curated
ronge whilst the latter will be more value-led. Moonpig became
the Experiences segment's largest online distribution partner in
FY23 after launching the first version of digital gift experiences
ina cord, As we expand digital gifting beyond the current

300 SKU range and enhance search and browse functionality,
we anticipate further sales growth.

Personalised
video messages

As part of our strategy to differentiate the inside of our
cards from competitors, we have launched o unique
feature that allows customers to add custom video
messages to their greeting cards.

Customers simply select their preferred card design
and upload a personalised video. We then print

the card with a QR code linked to this video. The
recipient can effortlessly access and experience this
personalised message by scanning the OR code with
their smartphone.

This innovation has proven popular with our
customers. By Father's Day 2023, over 75.000

video messages had been sent, signalling a strong
reception. We expect this to increase as more people
become awore of the feature through word-of-mouth.

Initially, this feature was offered on 10,000 card
designs for Valentine's Day 2023. Given its successful
uptake. we have now extended it across our card
range.

08

Expanding our range

We aim to have the perfect card and gift for every relationship
and every occasion. For greeting cards, we have formed a single
global design team to leverage the strength and breadth of our
UK range across geographies. This team manages in-house

‘and licensed card designs, with o current key focus on bringing
global licensed properties that already feature on Moonpig
(such os Morvel, Disney and Star Wars) to Greetz

In gifting, we have exponded our offering with personalised
balloons at Greetz and Moonpig’s most extensive flower range
to date, with 72 bouquets at Valentine's Day and 102 bouquets at
Mother's Day. We have emphasised bringing new products and
curating gift sets and bundles to differentiate our offering

We hove partnered with new gifting brands, such os My Ist Years
for baby and young children’s gifts and Mars for personatised
chocolates. We have enhanced our flowers offering through
co-bronding with Cath Kidston and Disney. Moreover, we hove
introduced the Red Letter Days and Buyagift brands at Moonpig
offering both physical gift boxes and digital gifting options.

© Strategic report

In response to customer demand for more affordable gifting.
we have strengthened our range of gifts at price points
below £16, launched a new letterbox gifting range at Greetz
and added numerous new designs to Moonpig’s balloon
and personalised mug ranges. We have also offered value
for customers through an expanded range of supplier-
funded promotions. °

Finally. we continue to enhance the Experiences range by
launching new experiences with premium partners such as
Harvey Nichols, Harrods, Céte, Macdonald Hotels and the
Gordon Ramsay Academy.

Maintaining high ethical, environmental
and sustainability standards

We continue to execute against our ESG strategy, which
commits the Group to eight long-term goals focused on the
environment, its people and its communities.

Progress has been strong on ate-related goals. We
surpassed our expectations with respect to Scope] and 2
greenhouse gos emissions, achieving 95% renewable energy
mix at Tamworth and Almere. We have fully measured out
our Scope 3 emissions baseline and have developed the
Group's inaugural climate transition plan. In view of the
progress made, we have set new goals for greenhouse gos
emissions reduction, comprising near-term and long-term
targets for each of Scope | and 2 (direct) emissions and
Scope 3 (value chain) emissions.

We have also made good progress on our diversity gools.
One of our ESG goals is for new hires into technology
security, engineering, product and analytics roles to be

at least 45% from women by 2025. For the year ended 30
April 2023, 45% of new hires into these technical roles were
women (FY22: 37%).

‘Our employee engagement KPI has been impacted by the
need for disciplined control of costs during an economic
downturn. Customer net promoter score reflects repeated
industrial action at Royal Mail in the UK. We are confident in
our ability to deliver significant improvements in both areas
during the months ahead

Nickyl Raithatha

Chief Executive Officer
28 June 2023

Corporate governance

Financial statements .

New collage designer
for photo upload cards

We want user experience to be as convenient as
possible, including when customers are creating
@ highly personalised card. With this in mind, we
have launched a collage designer which uses our
technology to arrange photos on a card.

This new feature enables customers to create
personalised cards with photos from their personal
files. Our technology intuitively constructs a
personalised collage card, bypassing the need to
browse and select from multiple templates. The
customer con then further customise the card by
cropping, resizing or shuffling images.

The collage designer was rolled-out across both
Moonpig and Greetz in FY23. :

09

‘ \ Moonpig Group ple | Annual Report and Accounts 2023 3

Our journey

We have transformed our

business into a technology and

data platform for gifting.

Moonpig Group is o leading international gifting platform
with a rich history of innovation, growth and fun. It all began
in April 2000 when moonpig.com was launched as the UK's
first online cord retailer. The vision was simple: to create a
better card than customers could find on the high street. by
combining digital printing ond the internet. As time went

‘on, the Group expanded into card-attached gifting, adding
flowers, off-the-shelf gifts and balloons to its range

In 2016, the Group acquired Greetz, one of the Netherlands’
leading online card and gifting businesses. Greetz wos
founded in Amsterdam in 2004, since then it has established
itself as o clear market leader in online cards with strong
brand awareness.

On 5 February 2021, the Company wos admitted to the
Official List of the Financial Conduct Authority and to trading
on the premiurh segment of the London Stock Exchange's
Main Market for listed securities. This milestone reflects the
Group's position os 0 leading player in the gifting industry.

In July 2022, the Group completed the acquisition of
Experiences, which operates the Red Letter Days and
Buyagift brands. This acquisition accelerated our strategy of
becoming the ultimate gifting companion.

From 2018 onwards, the Group has invested in transforming
itself into the world's leading technology and data platform
for gifting. Most recently, this has involved several large
foundational projects, including the migration of Greetz onto
our unified technology platform and the opening of new
operational facilities in Tamworth in the UK and Almere in
the Netherlands.

Since completing these foundational projects, the Group's
technology teams have been focused on growth initiatives

and product innovations such as video messages ond digital
gifting in greeting cards and Moonpig Plus subscriptions.

@ innovator of personatised cards
© The leading online card ond gift shop
© Tronstormation into a technology and data platform

@ Tronsition to innovation and growth initiatives

10

2000

Moonpig, the first online
greeting cards business,
is founded

2004

Greetz is founded in the
Netherlands

2006

Moonpig launches its first
television campaign, featuring
the iconic jingle

2007

Moonpig introduces gifts

2010

Greetz introduces flowers