Disclaimer* 1 May 2026 Moonpig Group plc (the "Group") Completion of Share Buyback Programme The Group announces that it has completed the second instalment of the FY26 Share Buyback Programme, announced on 7 November 2025 to repurchase up to £30 million of its ordinary shares for cancellation. RBC Europe Limited ("RBC"), which undertook the second instalment of the FY26 Buyback Programme on the Group's behalf (as announced on 7 November 2025), repurchased 14,256,031 shares for an aggregate consideration of c.£30 million, excluding stamp duty and expenses. The Group has returned c.£60 million to its shareholders through the completion of the FY26 Buyback Programme. Enquiries : Moonpig Group investors@moonpig.com, pressoffice@moonpig.com Catherine Faiers, Chief Executive Officer Andy MacKinnon, Chief Financial Officer About Moonpig: Moonpig Group plc (the "Group") is a leading online greeting cards and gifting platform, comprising the Moonpig, Red Letter Days and Buyagift brands in the UK and the Greetz brand in the Netherlands. The Group is the online market leader in cards in both of its markets and is also the UK market leader in gift experiences. The Group's leading customer proposition includes an extensive range of cards, a curated range of gifts, personalisation features and next day delivery offering. The Group offers its products through its proprietary technology platforms and apps, which utilise unique data science capabilities designed by the Group to optimise and personalise the customer experience and provide scalability. Learn more at https://www.moonpig.group/ . AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Moonpig Group (MOON) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 21 minutes ago Close Brothers Group 51 minutes ago Jardine Matheson Holdings Ltd (Singapore Reg) 55 minutes ago Avon Technologies plc 57 minutes ago Severfield 1 hour ago AVI Global Trust All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Investor Meet Company Ltd Privacy and