BETA Close X Serco Group PLC has secured a new 12-year contract, with options for three one-year extensions, valued at approximately £500 million to operate HMP Dovegate. This contract builds upon Serco's existing management of the facility since 2001 and will involve service enhancements and the creation of new job opportunities, adding to the current workforce of over 500. The prison, a category B adult male facility near Uttoxeter, holds 1,160 prisoners and features a Therapeutic Community for individuals with emotional or behavioural issues. Disclaimer* Serco Group PLC 01 December 2025 Serco wins £0.5bn contract to operate HMP Dovegate 01 December 2025 Serco, the international provider of critical services to governments, has been awarded a contract worth around £500 million to manage HMP Dovegate in Staffordshire following a competitive procurement process. The contract will run for 12 years with options for three additional one-year extensions. Serco has operated HMP Dovegate successfully since 2001. The new contract will include service enhancements, such as new delivery models for education, creating new job opportunities in addition to the current workforce of over 500 dedicated and passionate people. HMP Dovegate is a category B adult male facility near Uttoxeter that holds 1,160 convicted prisoners and those on remand. It is a training prison with a unique Therapeutic Community for people with emotional or behavioural issues. Serco's primary purpose is to treat prisoners convicted in a safe and decent environment, protect the public and work towards the rehabilitation of prisoners and their reintegration into society. Anthony Kirby, Serco Group Chief Executive, said: "We are delighted to have been chosen by the Ministry of Justice to continue to operate HMP Dovegate. We have managed the prison since 2001 and we are very proud of our track record there and our team that performs a challenging and difficult role with great professionalism and humanity. "I am also pleased that the new contract will see more colleagues employed at the prison, which will create job opportunities locally. "Serco has extensive experience of running prisons, both in the UK and internationally. HMP Dovegate is a well-run prison with highly respected Therapeutic Community provision and a range of offending behaviour programmes. We believe that our approach and ethos will bring about continued positive change to the prisoners who are there, helping to protect wider society." Ends. For further information, please contact: Jamie Hastings, Head of Investor Relations | +44 (0) 7718 195 074 | jamie.hastings@serco.com Scot Marchbank, Group External Communications Director | +44 (0) 7958 675 706 | scot.marchbank@serco.com About Serco Serco brings together the right people, the right technology, and the right partners to create innovative solutions that make a positive impact and address some of the most urgent and complex challenges facing the modern world. With a primary focus on serving governments globally, Serco's services are powered by more than 50,000 people working across defence, space, migration, justice, healthcare, mobility, and customer services. Serco's core capabilities include service design and advisory, resourcing, complex programme management, systems integration, case management, engineering, and asset & facilities management. Underpinned by Serco's unique operating model, Serco drives innovation and supports customers from service discovery through to delivery. More information can be found at www.serco.com . LEI: 549300PT2CIHYN5GWJ21 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Serco Group (SRP) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 4 hours ago Greggs 4 hours ago Greggs 5 hours ago Fuller Smith & Turner 5 hours ago CLS Holdings 5 hours ago Rolls-Royce Holdings All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and