BETA Close X Serco Group plc has announced a notification of transactions by a Person Discharging Managerial Responsibilities (PDMR), specifically Anthony Kirby, Group Chief Executive. On 27 March 2026, Mr. Kirby was granted 53,770 Equity Settled Bonus Plan Share Awards at a price of £2.9920 per share, totaling £160,879.84. These awards are subject to malus and clawback provisions. Disclaimer* Serco Group PLC 27 March 2026 Serco Group plc (the Company) NOTIFICATION OF TRANSACTIONS OF A PERSON DISCHARGING MANAGERIAL RESPONSIBILITIES (PDMR) The Company notifies the following changes in the interests in the ordinary shares of 2p each (Shares) of a PDMR, arising pursuant to the grant of an Equity Settled Bonus Plan award (Share Award) on 27 March 2026 at a price of £2.9920 per Share, being the average closing price of the Shares over the five Dealing Days prior to the date of grant. Directors Number of Share Awards Granted Anthony Kirby 53,770 Malus and clawback provisions apply to the Share Awards. This announcement is made in accordance with the requirements of the UK version of the Market Abuse Regulation 596/2014. 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities/person closely associated a) Name of natural person Anthony Kirby 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/status Group Chief Executive b) Initial notification/Amendment Initial notification 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name Serco Group plc b) Legal Entity Identifier code 549300PT2CIHYN5GWJ21 4 Details of the transaction(s) summary table Date of Transaction Financial Instrument Identification Code Place of Transaction Currency 27 March 2026 Ordinary shares of 2 pence each ISIN: GB0007973794 Outside a trading venue GBP - British Pound Nature of Transaction Price Volume Total Grant of Share Awards £2.9920 53,770 £160,879.84 Aggregated £2.9920 53,770 £160,879.84 Amanda Miller Group General Counsel and Company Secretary 27 March 2026 For further information please contact: Jamie Hastings, Group Head of Investor Relations, tel: +44 (0) 7718 195 074 or email: jamie.hastings@serco.com Scot Marchbank, Group Communications and Marketing Director, tel: +44 (0) 7958 675 706 or email: scot.marchbank@serco.com About Serco Serco brings together the right people, the right technology, and the right partners to create innovative solutions that make a positive impact and address some of the most urgent and complex challenges facing the modern world. With a primary focus on serving governments globally, Serco's services are powered by more than 50,000 people working across defence, space, migration, justice, healthcare, mobility, and customer services. Serco's core capabilities include service design and advisory, resourcing, complex programme management, systems integration, case management, engineering, and asset & facilities management. Underpinned by Serco's unique operating model, Serco drives innovation and supports customers from service discovery through to delivery. More information can be found at www.serco.com. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Serco Group (SRP) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 5 hours ago Savills 6 hours ago Berkeley Group Holdings (The) 6 hours ago Great Southern Copper 6 hours ago OSB Group 6 hours ago Taylor Wimpey All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and