Across The Markets: Vistry, IAG, Serco 2024-11-08 08:44:04 (1 year ago) Related Companies: International Consolidated Airlines Group SA (CDI) (IAG) , Serco Group (SRP) , Vistry Group (VTY) Vistry The housebuilder served up something of a shock to markets a month ago after revealing a black hole in its accounts and the situation deteriorated further this morning after the latest trading update . Following work by an external team of forensic accountants, the liability highlighted has been increased and full year profit forecasts have been revised down by a further £50m. On top of this, despite a strong start to the year, sales over the last couple of months slowed, likely as prospective buyers became jittery over the new government’s budget. The market response to this news has been telling, with Vistry’s shares trading down 15% shortly after the open. Serco It has been a miserable end to the week for the London-listed outsourcing provider Serco, too. The company announced that it had failed in its attempt to rebid for the Australian immigration detention centres contract, which will have an £18m impact on profits next year. However of equal impact was the news that the recent hike in UK national insurance contributions would cost the business an additional £20m next year. Management note they are looking at mitigation measures here, but it would seem likely they will revolve around price hikes, further driving UK inflation. The Serco share price was off 12% less than 30 minutes into the session. International Consolidated Airlines Group A solid set of Q3 numbers from the owners of British Airways, Aer Lingus and other airlines are out this morning, but arguably the most compelling point here was news of a €350m share buy back. Operating profits for the quarter were 15% ahead, fuel costs are lower and the strong financial performance is expected to continue until the year end. Load factors also rose, growing by 2.2% to reach 89.1%. The IAG share price was almost 8% higher in early trade before giving back a little of those gains. Headlines we expect on Monday Kainos Group Interim Results This time last year Revenue £193m, Pre-tax profit £30.9m, Cash £113m Dialight Interim Results This time last year Revenue £73m, Net debt £22.7m, Gross margin 29.6% Disclaimer: This information does not constitute investment advice, nor does it necessarily reflect the views and opinions of Investegate. If in doubt consult a financial professional. Other Across the Markets Posts Across The Markets: ASOS, CMC Markets, Associated British Foods 01-07-2026 (1 month ago) Related Companies: ASOS (ASC) , Associated British Foods (ABF) , CMC Markets (CMCX) CMC Markets surges as trading update bolsters institutional outlook and ASOS finds investor support from asset disposal in the US but Associated British Foods slumps as ingredients division shows weakness. Across The Markets: Celsius Resources, Barratt Redrow, IWG 30-06-2026 (1 month ago) Related Companies: Barratt Redrow (BTRW) , Celsius Resources Limited (DI) (CLA) , IWG (IWG) Housebuilders turn lower as class action law suit over price fixing emerges, but IWG jumps on extended share buyback news and small cap Celsius Resources advances on asset disposal plans. Across The Markets: Eco Atlantic, Bridgepoint, BT Group 29-06-2026 (1 month ago) Related Companies: BT Group (BT.A) , Eco (Atlantic) Oil & Gas NPV (DI) (ECO) , Bridgepoint Group (Reg S) (BPT) BT Group sees modest gains off JV announcement with Verizon, Bridgepoint adds after acquisition news is well received and Eco Atlantic also finds cheer as farm out agreement gets government approvals. Across The Markets: Wise, Guardian Metals, Barratt Redrow 26-06-2026 (1 month ago) Related Companies: Barratt Redrow (BTRW) , Wise Class A (WISE) , Guardian Metal Resources plc (GMET) Barratt Redrow tops off week of gains with new CEO arrival date confirmed, Wise sees FY numbers at top end of estimates and Guardian Metals finds support ahead of next week’s feasibility study release. Across The market: 3i Group, Moonpig, easyJet 25-06-2026 (1 month ago) Related Companies: easyJet (EZJ) , 3i Group (III) , Moonpig Group (MOON) easyJet makes further gains as management offer an olive branch to suitor Castlelake, Moonpig surges on outperformance and buyback news, whilst 3i also reacts well to pre-AGM portfolio update. UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 day ago Savannah Energy 1 day ago Barclays 1 day ago Schroder Income Growth Fund 1 day ago Fuller Smith & Turner 1 day ago Land Securities Group All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and