BETA Close X Serco Group plc announced the appointment of Carol Borg as an Independent Non-Executive Director and Risk Committee Chair designate, effective December 1, 2026, bringing extensive financial and risk management experience, including her current role as CFO of Amadeus IT Group S.A. and previous experience at QinetiQ Group plc. Ms. Borg will join the Audit, Risk, and Nomination Committees and will assume the Chair of the Risk Committee on March 4, 2027, succeeding Ian El-Mokadem who will step down after a nine-year tenure. This appointment is the first of three planned non-executive additions to enhance the company's growth phase. Disclaimer* Serco Group PLC 06 August 2026 6 August 2026 Serco Group plc ('Serco' or 'the Company') LEI: 549300PT2CIHYN5GWJ21 Directorate Change - Carol Borg to join Serco Board as a Non-Executive Director and Risk Committee Chair Designate Serco Group plc, the international provider of critical government services, today announces the appointment of Carol Borg as an Independent Non-Executive Director and Risk Committee Chair designate with effect from 1 December 2026. Carol will be a member of the Audit Committee, Risk Committee and Nomination Committee upon appointment and will become the Chair of the Risk Committee on the announcement of the Company's 2026 full year results on 4 March 2027. She will succeed Ian El-Mokadem who, having completed his nine-year tenure on the Board, will step down as Chair of the Risk Committee and as a Board member on that date. Carol is currently Chief Financial Officer at Amadeus IT Group S.A., a position she has held since May 2025, and was previously Chief Financial Officer at QinetiQ Group plc. Carol was previously a Non-Executive Director and Chair of the Audit Committee of Ricardo plc. Carol brings extensive financial and risk management experience as well as defence sector knowledge to the Board. She is a qualified accountant and holds a qualification in governance from the Australian Institute of Directors. She has worked in a number of sectors including technology, energy and defence and in various countries including Australia, Denmark, the UK and Spain. Keith Williams, Chair of Serco Group plc, said: "When I took over as Chair, I said we would make three new non-executive appointments in light of the tenure of some of the existing Board members and to provide supplementary skills to help the Company over its next phase of growth. I am delighted to bring Carol on to the Board as the first of those appointments. The other appointments are progressing and will be announced in due course. "On behalf of the Board, I would like to thank Ian for his significant contribution over the last nine years and in particular for his time as Risk Committee Chair where he has successfully led the Committee in overseeing the effectiveness of the risk management function. I would also like to thank him personally for all his support and guidance over the last year and for agreeing to help Carol transition into the risk role." There is no other information to be disclosed under paragraph 6.4.8R of the UK Listing Rules. For further information, please contact: Jamie Hastings, Head of Investor Relations | +44 (0) 7718 195 074 | jamie.hastings@serco.com Scot Marchbank, Group Director of External Communications | +44 (0) 7958 675 706 | scot.marchbank@serco.com This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Serco Group (SRP) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 5 hours ago Savills 6 hours ago Berkeley Group Holdings (The) 6 hours ago Great Southern Copper 6 hours ago OSB Group 6 hours ago Taylor Wimpey All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and