BETA Close X Serco Group PLC has cancelled 21,112,140 ordinary shares previously held in treasury on 18 December 2025. Following this transaction, the company now holds no ordinary shares in treasury, and its total issued ordinary shares stand at 1,002,743,103. This new total represents the denominator for shareholders to use when calculating their notification requirements under the FCA's Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rules. Disclaimer* Serco Group PLC 19 December 2025 LEI: 549300PT2CIHYN5GWJ21 Serco Group plc (Serco or the Company) Cancellation of Treasury Shares Pursuant to the Financial Conduct Authority's (FCA) UK Listing Rule (UKLR) 9.8.2, the Company hereby notifies that on 18 December 2025 it cancelled 21,112,140 ordinary shares of 2 pence each (Ordinary Shares) previously held in treasury. Following this transaction, the Company holds no Ordinary Shares in treasury and has 1,002,743,103 Ordinary Shares in issue. The total number of Ordinary Shares with voting rights will be 1,002,743,103 which may be used by shareholders as the denominator for the calculations by which they will determine if they are required to notify their interest in, or a change to their interest in, the Company under the FCA's Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rules. Amanda Miller Group General Counsel and Company Secretary 19 December 2025 For further information please contact: Jamie Hastings, Head of Investor Relations | +44 (0) 7718 195 074 | jamie.hastings@serco.com Scot Marchbank, Group Communications and Marketing Director | +44 (0) 7958 675 706 | scot.marchbank@serco.com About Serco Serco brings together the right people, the right technology and the right partners to create innovative solutions that make a positive impact and address some of the most urgent and complex challenges facing the modern world. With a primary focus on serving governments globally, Serco's services are powered by more 50,000 people working across defence, space, migration, justice, healthcare, mobility and customer services. Serco's core capabilities include service design and advisory, resourcing, complex programme management, systems integration, case management, engineering, and asset & facilities management. Underpinned by Serco's unique operating model, Serco drives innovation and supports customers from service discovery through to delivery. More information can be found at www.serco.com This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Serco Group (SRP) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 4 hours ago Greggs 4 hours ago Greggs 5 hours ago Fuller Smith & Turner 5 hours ago CLS Holdings 5 hours ago Rolls-Royce Holdings All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and