BETA Close X Serco Group plc has secured a significant contract extension with Norfolk and Norwich University Hospital, valued at over £270 million and spanning 10 years. This renewed agreement, effective immediately and extending through January 2037, will see Serco continue to provide comprehensive facilities management services, including catering, laundry, security, and car parking, building on its 25-year relationship with the hospital. The contract also incorporates initiatives to enhance operational efficiency through software tools and support employee development via apprenticeship programs and the 'Work Matters' initiative for young people with learning disabilities or autism. Disclaimer* Serco Group PLC 26 May 2026 Serco secures £270m contract from Norfolk and Norwich University Hospital Serco Group plc ("Serco" or the "Company") 26 May 2026 Serco, the international provider of critical government services, has successfully retained its facilities management (FM) contract at Norfolk and Norwich University Hospital (NNUH). The renewed agreement has a total value of more than £270 million over the next 10 years and takes effect immediately. Serco has delivered critical services at NNUH for 25 years, ensuring efficient and comprehensive support for the hospital's daily operations, including contract management, catering, laundry, waste management, security, car parking, and grounds maintenance. Under the contract, Serco is using risk management and workflow software tools to drive efficiency in task allocation in portering and cleaning, to improve productivity and responsiveness. Hard FM services are already provided by Serco at the site, and these two engagements will be aligned, extending Serco's integrated service delivery at NNUH through to January 2037. As part of Serco's commitment to developing people through Earn and Learn pathways, 42 colleagues at NNUH are taking part in an apprenticeship course and young people with learning disabilities or autism spectrum condition are being supported through the 'Work Matters' initiative. Run by the NHS and in partnership with Serco, it encourages people to participate in work placements and find sustainable employment with Serco. Since 2011, 144 young people have taken part in the programme. Anthony Kirby, Serco Group Chief Executive, said : "I am extremely proud of the role Serco has played delivering critical services at NNUH for the last 25 years, which I have seen first-hand. My sincere thanks go to our exceptional colleagues involved in delivering for patients across the hospital estate, whose dedication, care and compassion have a positive and lasting impact." Ends. For further information, please contact: Jamie Hastings, Head of Investor Relations | +44 (0) 7718 195 074 | jamie.hastings@serco.com Scot Marchbank, Group External Communications Director | +44 (0) 7958 675 706 | scot.marchbank@serco.com About Serco Serco brings together the right people, the right technology, and the right partners to create innovative solutions that make a positive impact and address some of the most urgent and complex challenges facing the modern world. With a primary focus on serving governments globally, Serco's services are powered by more than 50,000 people working across defence, space, migration, justice, healthcare, mobility, and customer services. Serco's core capabilities include service design and advisory, resourcing, complex programme management, systems integration, case management, engineering, and asset & facilities management. Underpinned by Serco's unique operating model, Serco drives innovation and supports customers from service discovery through to delivery. More information can be found at www.serco.com LEI: 549300PT2CIHYN5GWJ21 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Serco Group (SRP) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 5 hours ago Savills 6 hours ago Berkeley Group Holdings (The) 6 hours ago Great Southern Copper 6 hours ago OSB Group 6 hours ago Taylor Wimpey All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and