serco

Annual Report | | mut

ACCOUNTS BB mmitiees

2022

Contents

Strategic Report
01-110

01
02
04
06
"1
13
15
25
28
31
36
74

83
95
98
109

Highlights

Ata Glance

Chairman's Statement

Our Market

Our Management Philosophy

Our B2G Platform

Chief Executive's Review

Strategic Objectives and Achievements
Key Performance Indicators

Divisional Reviews

ESG

Task Force on Climate-related Financial
Disclosures (TCFD) Compliance Statement
Finance Review

Risk Management

Principal Risks and Uncertainties
Viability Statement

Corporate Governance
111-176

12
114
115
118
121
127
130
136
139
142
170
176

Chairman's Corporate Governance Overview
Governance Ata Glance

Board of Directors

Board and Governance

Section 172 (1) Statement

Group Risk Committee Report

Audit Committee Report

Nomination Committee Report

Corporate Responsibility Committee Report
Remuneration Report

Directors’ Report

Directors’ Responsibility Statement

Financial Statements
177-264

178
189
190
191
192
193
194
250
251
252
256

260

262
263

Independent Auditor's Report
Consolidated Income Statement

Statement of Comprehensive income
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
Consolidated Balance Sheet

Consolidated Cash Flow Statement

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Company Balance Sheet

Company Statement of Changes in Equity
Notes to the Company Financial Statements
Appendix: List of subsidiaries and

related undertakings

Compliance with the UK Corporate
Governance Code

Shareholder Information

Useful Contacts

Serco is a leading international provider of
public services. Our Purpose, or as some
might call it, our mission, is to be a trusted
partner of governments, delivering superb
public services that transform outcomes
and make a positive difference to our
fellow citizens.

We gain scale, expertise and diversification
by operating internationally across five
sectors and four geographies: Defence,
Justice & Immigration, Transport, Health &
other Facilities Management and Citizen
Services, delivered in the UK and Europe,
North America, Asia Pacific and the

Middle East.

C4

For more and the latest information
please visit our website at:
www.serce.com

Serco Group ple | Annual Report and Accounts 2022

Highlights

Revenue

£4.5bn

2021: £4.4bn

Underlying Trading Profit

£237m

2021: £229m

Underlying EPS, diluted

13.9p

2021: 12.6p

Dividend per share

2.86p

2021: 2.41p

Free cash flow

£159m

2021: £190m

Strategic Report

Major incident frequency

0.44 per
1m hours

2021: 0.36 per 1m hours

See KPIs on
pages 28-30
for definitions

Serco Group ple | Annual Report and Accounts 2022

Order book

£14.8bn

2021: £13.7bn

Reported operating profit

£217m

2021: £216m

Reported EPS, diluted

12.8p

2021: 24.4p

Underlying ROIC

20.6%

2021: 23.7%

Employee engagement
‘ e

70 points

2021: 70 points

Lost time incident frequency

5.7 per
1m hours

2021: 4.2 per 1m hours

See pages 06-14 for
more information
on our business

‘a2ueulanoD nose )

swuawaias roves |

At a Glance

What we do

Serco delivers services to governments and other institutions who serve
the public or protect vital national interests.

Serco’s roots go back to 1929, and in 1988 the Group was listed on the London Stock Exchange.
Now, Serco is a FTSE 250 company managing over 500 contracts worldwide and employing more
than 50,000 people across our operations.

We deliver services through people, supported by effective processes, technology and skilled management. Our customers define
what outcomes or services they need to deliver, and we develop new and more effective ways to deliver them. We provide innovative
solutions to some of the most complex challenges facing governments, bringing our experience, capability and scale to deliver the
service standards, cost efficiencies and Policy outcomes governments want. In this way we make a positive difference to the lives of

keep nations safe.

Our core sectors

ur business is focused across five core sectors, with revenue in 2022 of £4,534m or £4,772m,
including our share of joint ventures and associates, to reflect our total scale in each sector.

Justice & Health &
Defence Immigration Transport other Facilities Citizen Services
9 Management

£1,502m £1,212m £443m £592m £1,023m

Some key services
1
Base and Custodial services Rail, ferry and Integrated Contact centres and
operational support Asylum seeker cycle operations facilities management case management
Engineering, accommodation Road traffic Clinical and non-clinical Employment and
management and Immigration management support services skills services
information services detention services Air trafic control Patient administration Covid-19-related
Space and Detainee transport ‘and contact services
maritime services and monitoring Environmental services

Leisure services

|

Our fundamental role in the functio ing of an orderly society
|

— T 1 T 1
Defence Justice & Transport Health & other FM Citizen Services
Protecting national Immigration Facilitating safe and Enhancing public Contributing to the
and international Safeguarding efficient movement sector infrastructure, wellbeing of citizens
security interests those in our care of people and goods Patient experience and communities

and beyond and care quality

02 Serco Group ple | Annual Report and Accounts 2022

Where we operate

Serco's operations are across four geographic regions:

Americas UK & Europe

£1,270m £2,338m

°
g
3
g
3
Asia Pacific 8
£955m $
3
Middle East 2
£209m
2
Revenue in 2022 (including share of joint ventures and associates) g
=
G
Our business mix 3
3
2
Serco’s revenue by sector and geographic division:
Revenue by sector Revenue by Division
20%
25%
Total revenue £4,772m Total revenue £4,772m
& Citizen Services I Defence H UK&Europe ml Americas @:-:::.
@ Justice &lmmigration fl Health & other FM @ Asia Pacific @ Middle East ‘on our business model
@ Transport

Revenue in 2022 (including share of joint ventures and associates)

Serco Group ple _| Annual Report and Accounts 2022 03

Chairman's Statement

Serco has navigated the global
challenges of the last few years
well. This provides a powerful
endorsement of the strategy
and a solid foundation for
future growth.”

John Rishton
Chairman.

Introduction
My key areas of focus when I became Chair were growth, succession
and ESG. We have made good progress on all three in 2022.

- On growth, we exceeded our expectations at the start of the
year by offsetting the substantial reduction caused by the
end of Covid-related work.

On CEO succession, the work we have done over several
years proved invaluable as we were able to appoint an
internal candidate, Mark Irwin, to replace Rupert Soames
who decided to retire after nine successful years as CEO.
ESG is an area we place great importance on but have, at
times, found difficult to navigate due to divergent views on
the social value of some of the work we do. As we have
frequently said, we work to implement government policy
and believe that we play a critical role in delivering vital
services to society in our various geographies and sectors.
Our role in defence has caused concern for some but,
following Russia's invasion of Ukraine, | have heard a more
thoughtful discussion about its role and importance.

We have repositioned and strengthened our ESG approach,
messaging and reporting over the year and seen a better
understanding of our ESG credentials with improved scores
from a number of ESG agencies. In 2023, while continuing to
Prioritise all aspects of ESG, we will be placing particular
focus on the health and wellbeing of our colleagues.

Our performance

The Company delivered resilient financial results in 2022.
Revenue and Underlying Trading Profit both grew despite our
Covid-19 Test & Trace work coming to an end. Good growth in
other parts of the business helped compensate for the large
negative impact of Covid-related work ending, which I think

Highlights of 2022

~ Revenue up 2% to £4.5bn,
despite an 11% drag from lower
levels of Covid-19-related work.

- Underlying Trading Profit of
£237m, 22% higher than our
initial guidance.

of 0.8x.

~ Free cash flow of £159m, cash
conversion of 97% covenant net
debt: EBITDA at the year-end

~ Order intake of £4.2bn.
~ Successful CEO

is a powerful endorsement of the strategy that has been
implemented over recent years. Earnings Per Share increased
by 11% and the strong cash generation of the business was
demonstrated again, with cash conversion of 97%.

Acquisitions are an important part of our strategy and we made
two during the year. In July we acquired Sapienza, a leading
European provider of services in the space sector. The acquisition
expands our offering and capabilities in the fast-growing space
market, supporting the Group's growth strategy of becoming

a leading provider of complex managed services for the space
sector. In September we bought ORS, a specialist provider of
immigration services to public sector customers in Switzerland,
Germany, Austria and Italy. The business adds scale to our
European operations and capability to Serco’s position in
immigration services, already.one of our core sectors, and

one in which we expect to see growth in the coming years.

Returns to our shareholders were increased significantly in
2022. Consistent with our stated capital allocation priorities, we
Progressed with our plan of increasing ordinary dividends and,
in addition, we returned £90m of surplus capital to shareholders
through a share buyback. The Board is recommending a final
dividend of 1.92p which is an increase of 19% and has agreed

a further £90m share buyback for 2023.

Succession

Rupert Soames stepped down from his role as Chief Executive at
the end of December 2022. Serco has been rejuvenated under
his leadership, with the business he leaves unrecognisable from
the one he joined in 2014. Having successfully ensured the
Company survived, Rupert subsequently transformed the internal
operations and culture of the Company, as well as rehabilitating
its customer relationships. This provided a base from which

to grow and over the five years from 2017 the business has

- Significantly increased returns
to shareholders, with
recommended ordinary
dividend up 19% and a share
buyback of £90m in 2022 and
further £90m in 2023.

succession process.

04

Serco Group ple | Annual Report and Accounts 2022

10 of 9%
1e Board,
he has done.

nue by @ compound average growth

lighted that Mark Irwin has been appointed as your
‘new Chief Executive. Mark was chosen by the Board after
rigorous selection process that involved bot and
‘external candidates. It was clear during our selection process
that Mark's deep knowledge of Serco ‘urope and Asia
Pacific, as well

of growth. Anthony
made CEO UKBE, replacing Mark

‘The Boatd and | would also like to thank David Dacquine who has
led and transformed our North American business since becoming

hhas been put in place ov

Strategy
in 2021 we undertook a comprehensive review of our markets
and strategy. We estimated the ma

worth around £715bn per year and
year on average in the coming ye

‘operating model
competitive

‘and to convert that pro!

‘The transition from Rupert to Mark provides an opportunity to
identify ways to make the 82G platform even better in the comi
‘years. Our strategic framework remains unchanged but there will
customers, colleagues and
ty. We will look to grow revenues through deep customer
rionships, grow colleague enablement by increasing the value
of their work, and grow margins through the use of technology
‘and the pursuit of eficiency.

these value enhancing levers to strengthen our 82G platform
' strong pipeline of new business opportunities, the Group is
positioned to deliver our medium-term growth targets.

Corporate Governance
(One of my roles as Chair isto ensure that Serco has strong
t years this has become an area of intense

including Board diversi
reporting as well as environment

The

‘and soci

the yea
important to them. Di
‘meetings in North Av main office near Washington
DC. This gave the Board the opportunity to meet with our US

Board members, the US executive team and many US employees,

executives also participated in the annual regior
conferences that provided a great opportunity to meet the local

Serco.Group ple | Annual Report and Accounts 2022

teams and 1, non-executives joined calls
discussing ind safety, diversity and other environmental,

‘and governance (ESG) issues, and in our annual employee
engagement survey we includ “Ask the Board,
where employees are given the opportunity to raise issues for our
‘attention. We discuss these topics during Board meetings and
follow up to ensure common or significant matters are addressed,
|was delighted to see that despite all of the challenges brought

ic our engagement scores remained high,

atlevels comparable with 2019.

ESG has always been important to Serco. We have been clear
pose, values and impact on society for many years.

fought more attention to these areas and the need
1 to address environmental and societal issues with
‘and focus. Our major customers are governments
and frequently the contracts we enter into have specific measures
for ESG. More detail on our ESG commitments and performance
included on pages 36 to 73.

ly require much encouragement)
ly how we can provide a« I support

to our colleagues. We paid additional one-off payments to all
colleagues across the globe outside management grades of
‘round £6m at the beginning of 2022 and another £9m in the
‘second half, The Serco People Fund, which provides financial
support for 'erco colleagues and their close
family in a range of situations, including hardship or personel crisis,
and when help is required, was very active over the year, helping
‘more than 250 people and gave over £200k to people in the UK
‘and Australia. The Board wi
‘management in finding ways to ease
many face.

ESG and leader
of the Deferred Prosecution Agreement (OPA) and

Serco's Electronic Monitoring contract that we
‘The SFO confirmed Serco cooperated fully and has fulfilled all
its obligations agreed as part of the DPA, including reviewing,
improving and enhancing aspects of our Group-wide compliance
programme related to internal controls, compliance pc
‘and procedures. This brings to an end the obligations er
into under the agreement.

Looking ahead

few years has undoubtedly created the most diffc
‘environment | have ever known. Serco has navigated these
and huge effort from the entire
regy and our culture have been
Jent th

workforce, Our teams, our
tested in battle and proven resilient.
‘and innovative, we

Serco, and our many partn
and achievements during anothe

John Rishton
Chairman

27 February 2023,
os

°
8
>
3

‘swvowarers jeueuis

Our Market

Introduction

Serco’s strong performance and resilience in 2022 is all the more impressive against
the backdrop of the turbulent and profound global changes we have all witnessed.
While Covid-19 left a dramatic and lasting impact in terms of government debt and

‘the great resignation’, two years later the Russian invasion of Ukraine has brought war
to Europe, refugees, food shortages, energy price rises, inflation at levels not seen for

a generation and global disruption of efforts to rebuild post-pandemic. Yet despite this,
and despite our work supporting governments in responding to Covid-19 fading away
as expected in 2022, our revenues nonetheless grew at 2% and our margin held steady
at 5.2%. We have performed well.

While the specifics of the macro-economy and its future direction are extremely difficult
to predict at present, our current expectation is that 2023 will see the market return to

twice the rate of the market in real terms over the medium term, alongside delivering
5-6% margins, and strong, sustainable and growing returns to shareholders. The next
steps in our growth journey will focus on strengthening our B2G Platform further and

Our market :

Serco delivers services in Partnership with governments and other institutions who serve the public or protect
vital national interests in the UK, continental Europe, North America, Asia Pacific and the Middle East.

We focus on five sectors primarily - Defence, Justice & Immigration, Transport, Health & other Facilities
Management and Citizen Services - however, our Business to Government Platform and the depth and
breadth of our capabilities ensure we are well placed to respond to government needs across a very

broad spectrum of services.

Our sectors and markets

Transport
Facilitating safe and
efficient movement of
people and goods

Citizen Services S e I ( O Justice & Immigration
Contributing to the Safeguarding those in our
<=>

wellbeing of citizens care and beyond
and communities

Defence Health & other FM
Protecting national and Enhancing public sector infrastructure,
international security interests Patient experience and care quality

06 Serco Group ple | Annual Report and Accounts 2022

North America

Continental Europe

Government and the private sector - partnering for
public impact

Governments have partnered with private companies to deliver
public policy, often in very sensitive areas, for centuries. Where
the line is drawn between public services that are operated by
the state itself, or by its private contractors, varies greatly over
time and across countries.

Governments have two basic responsibilities: to develop policies
which meet the needs and priorities of their citizens; and to ensure
that those policies are delivered effectively and at a cost which
represents value for money. Many of the services that support policy
delivery can be run most effectively and efficiently on behalf of
government by private companies using techniques, management,
technology and processes developed in the private sector.

United Kingdom

Middle East

Asia Pacific

In summary, partnering with the private sector helps governments
deliver more, and better, for less:

- Itallows governments to concentrate on development of
policy and measurement of outcomes.

~ Choice brings new ideas and innovation.

- Competition drives public services’ quality up and drives

cost down.

It brings skills and attributes governments do not

always have.

Serco specifically has two attributes which make it a particularly
effective government partner: a dedicated focus on and deep
understanding of government through our B2G Platform; as well
as our international footprint and access to global best practice.

What the private sector brings to enhance public impact

Innovation and Efficiency Focus on Delivery of
Risk transfer technolo: and outcomes social value and
g¥ productivity and citizens ESG objectives
International Lower cost, Accountability, Flexibility
. transparency, hs
best practice better value KPls and agility
Serco Group ple | Annual Report and Accounts 2022 07

fa)
g
3
9
&
6
fa)
co}
g
4
Fd
3
Fa
8

squawarers rove)

O U r Ma Ket continued

Research on outsourced services, commissioned by the Serco
Institute, and carried out by Capital Economics, the independent
economic research consultancy, Supports the view that private
companies can help governments deliver “more, and better,

for less”:

“The evidence from areas that have been subject
to competition suggests that it is possible to deliver
Services more cost efficiently without damaging
service quality...”

“Our analysis on prison management, soft facilities
management in healthcare and air traffic control

suggests that potential average Savings to the government
of between 5% and 15% from introducing competitive
markets is a relatively conservative estimate...”

And perhaps most importantly

“..the private sector typically delivers services to the
same standard or better than the public sector.”

Supplying critical services to governments requires unique skills; imposes significant cost and complexity;

Unique demands of public service delivery create
barriers to entry

Providing government services to citizens, funded by taxpayers,
is tangibly different, and in many ways more demanding, than
Providing services to the private sector or consumers,

Responsibility for public service delivery requires careful
Management of politics and the expectations of communities.
Alongside reputational risk, transparency, public procurement
regulations, financial reporting standards, information standards,
and other requirements also tend to be far more complex than
those generally seen in the private sector. Supplying governments
requires unique skills and imposes significant cost and complexity.
The combination of these market characteristics has the effect of
creating barriers to entry that aren't apparent at first glance.

Itis not controversial to say that efficiency, flexibility and dynamism
are not always core skills of government administration, and Serco
has deep expertise in providing a bridge between the skills and
culture of the private and public sectors. Our ingrained public
Service ethos means we can help deliver government services
efficiently, but in a way that recognises the need for public
accountability and trust.

creates barriers to entry:

Complex, differing
and constantly
changing government
Procurement
regulations

Social value/ESG
targets inherent in
Procurement

Mandatory and
discretionary pre-
qualification and
exclusion criteria

Financial reporting
and transparency;
caps on profitability
and profit sharing

Defence-specific
restrictions; corporate
and individual security

clearances

Government-specific
cyber security,
national security and
information standards

Oversight, audit and

scrutiny by customer,

politicians and press;
reputational risk

Hard-to-change and
complex contracts

Some history to note
In the UK in particular, our sector has learned some important
lessons from history.

For nearly 30 years between 1980 and 2010, Serco grew rapidly
as the market for outsourcing public services developed around
the world. Privatisation and Outsourcing became popular in
many countries and drove rapid growth of an industry that had
barely existed before. Suppliers became profitable and skilled
at delivering value for all parties from government work.

As the global financial crisis of 2008 took hold, governments began
to urgently seek ways of reducing costs, and the private sector,
representing a significant proportion of government expen
became the object of close government attention. Then, in 2010
in the UK, the Conservative-Liberal Democrat Coalition, with

an avowed intent of reducing the deficit, demanded rebates of
hundreds of millions of pounds from contractors, strengthened
its commercial teams and procurement Practices, and set about
transferring significant amounts of risk to the private sector. In
the US, ‘Lowest Price, Technically Acceptable’ was increasingly
used instead of an approach of overall ‘Best Value’ as a tende,
evaluation methodology.

08

iture,

In the subsequent years, the UK government services outsourcing
industry was characterised by over-supply, aggressive

behaviour by both government and suppliers, and the ill-

advised transfer of risks that private companies had limited

ways to mitigate or manage. Multiple companies suffered huge
losses on government contracts and, as a consequence, the

UK Government is now faced by a more wary, and less vibrant,
supply chain. An illustration of this is the number of responses the
Government receives from suppliers to its tenders. In 2013, just
4% of public tenders in the UK had only one supplier respond but
by 2020 this had increased to 23%*.

'n response, in recent years the UK Government has developed

a series of ‘playbooks', with the intention of working back
towards a more balanced and sustainable Position which sets
out common best-practice approaches to Procurement. Over
time, this is driving value for money for taxpayers, high quality and
reliable services, innovation and improved efficiencies, as well az
fair returns to suppliers, which will in turn ensure that government
again benefits from a vibrant and diverse supply chain, This moving
of the relative power between buyer and seller is common to many
markets as they mature.

* Source: Spend Network

Serco Group ple | Annual Report and Accounts 2022

Moreover, there has been an increasing focus on the impact we
make not just through our capabilities, but on the communities
we serve. We have seen the ESG agenda become more prominent,
and in the UK ‘social value’ become a mandatory element of
central government procurement

The years 2020-21 in particular were characterised by the
Covid-19 pandemic which had a profound, but essentially
temporary, impact on the government services market.
Across the whole of government's response, the private
sector was mobilised to support their efforts.

And finally in 2022, before the turbulence of Covid-19 had fully
faded, the Russian invasion of Ukraine brought world-wide
disruption of the efforts to rebuild after the virus. The concatenation
of these two catastrophes will shape public policy for years to
come. Governments are struggling to square promises to invest
in energy transition and to ‘build back better’ with the realities of
materially increased levels of public debt incurred mitigating the
impact of Covid-19; the need to increase defence expenditure;
and inflation, with its outriders of unplanned increases in debt
service and other costs - notably in pay for public servants.
When they look to balance the value equation, however, we think
governments will need more than ever the innovation, efficiency
and skilled operational management the private sector can bring
to the effective delivery of public services.

The Four Forces

VOTER INTOLERANCE
‘of higher taxation

?]

GROWING COSTS
healthcare, ageing population
and infrastructure

LABOUR MARKET
CONSTRAINTS

Alarge and growing market

People ask: how large is the market for the private sector
provision of public services? This is hard to determine with
precision, as the boundaries of the market are very hard to define.
And how do we disentangle the very different definitions of, and
accounting for, expenditure used by the various governments
with whom we deal? The boundaries are also forever moving

as governments take decisions to outsource new services or
jnsource old ones, and as Serco stretches its large and complex
addressable market into new areas through acquisitions and
building new capabilities.

Over the years, and most recently in December 2021, we
commissioned work to try and size the market in the sectors
and geographies we currently operate in, which are clearly a
subset of the global market. In the latest exercise we used two
independent research firms - Renaissance Strategic Advisers
and Oxford Economics - to estimate market size and growth
rates, from which we have formed our own central estimates,

Serco Group ple | Annual Report and Accounts 2022

Fierce pressure on governments

to deliver more, and better, for less

GEOPOLITICAL
UNCERTAINTY

Drivers of demand

Governments are, and will continue to be, required to deliver
services to their citizens - be it in defence, transport, health,
‘education or social care - and the essential job of governments
of collecting taxes which they then use to provide services to the
benefit of their citizens is highly unlikely to alter in our lifetimes.

We have developed a model which describes drivers of demand
for our services, which we call the ‘Four Forces’ and we think the
Four Forces will only have been amplified by recent market forces
and world events and are compounded by the current constraints
‘on labour markets, technology deficits within governments, and
geopolitical uncertainty.

Of course, the shape, size and form of services will evolve.
However, as a learning organisation, we continue to develop
our offering and these Four Forces give, in our view, a structural
under-pinning to the enduring need for governments to provide
more public