serco

Annual Report

Contents

serco

Strategic Report

03-100

03 Highlights

04 AtaGlance

06 Chairman's Statement

09 Key Performance Indicators

12 OurMarket

16 Our Business Model

17 Our Performance Framework and
Strategic Priorities

20 Strategy Implementation

22 Chief Executive's Review

35 Divisional Reviews

42 Finance Review

60 Risk Management

62 Principal Risks and Uncertainties

74 Viability Statement

76 — Corporate Responsibility

% Section 172 (1) Statement

Corporate Governance

101-154

102 Board of Directors

104 Chairman's Governance Overview

107 Board and Governance

109 Group Risk Committee Report

112 Audit Committee Report

118 Nomination Committee Report

120 Corporate Responsibility
Committee Report

122 Compliance with the UK Corporate
Governance Code

124 Remuneration Report

149 Directors’ Report

154 Directors’ Responsibility Statement

Financial Statements

155-240

156 Independent Auditor's Report
167 Consolidated Income Statement
168 Consolidated Statement of
Comprehensive Income
169 Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
170 Consolidated Balance Sheet
171 Consolidated Cash Flow Statement
172 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
228 Company Balance Sheet
229 Company Statement of Changes in Equity
230 Notes to the Company Financial Statements
234 Appendix: List of Subsidiaries
237 Appendix: Supplementary Information
238 Shareholder Information
239 Useful Contacts

Serco Group plc is a leading provider of
public services. Our purpose is to be a
trusted partner of governments, delivering
superb services that transform outcomes
and make a positive difference to our
fellow citizens.

We gain scale, expertise and diversification
by operating internationally across five
sectors and four geographies: Defence,
Justice & Immigration, Transport, Health
and Citizen Services, delivered in the UK,
Europe, North America, Asia Pacific and
the Middle East.

500+

CONTRACTS

50,000+

EMPLOYEES.

For more and the latest information
please visit our website at
www.serco.com

Highlights

Strategic Report

Revenue
£3,248m

2018: £2,837m

Underlying Trading Profit
£120.2m

2018: £93.1m

Underlying EPS, diluted
6.16p
Underlying ROIC

15.4%

2018: 13.6%

Employee Engagement

71 points

2018: 67 points

See KPIs on
pages 09-11
for definitions

Order Book
£14.1bn

2018: £12.0bn

Reported Operating Profit
£102.5m
2018: £80.5m.

Reported EPS, diluted
=P

Free Cash Flow
£62.0m
2018: £16.3m

Major Incident Frequency

0.39 per
1m hours

2018: 0.50 per 1m hours

04

At a Glance

What we do

Serco delivers services to governments and other institutions who serve the
public or protect vital national interests.

Serco’s roots go back to 1929, and in 1988 the Group was listed on the London Stock Exchange.
Now, Serco is a FTSE 250 company managing over 500 contracts worldwide and employing over
50,000 people across our operations.

We deliver services through people, supported by effective
processes, technology and skilled management. Our
customers define what outcomes or services they need to
deliver, and we develop new and more effective ways to
deliver them. We provide innovative solutions to some of the
most complex challenges facing governments, bringing our

Our core sectors

experience, capability and scale to deliver the service

standards, cost efficiencies and policy outcomes

governments want. In this way we make a positive difference
to the lives of millions of people around the world, often
looking after some of the most vulnerable and disadvantaged
in society and helping to keep nations safe.

Our business is focused across five core sectors, with revenue in 2019 of £3,248m or, including
our share of joint ventures and associates to reflect our total scale in each sector, of £3,643m.

Defence

£1,170m

Justice &
Immigration

£591m

Transport

£569m

Key services

Health

£428m

Citizen
Services

£885m

Base and Custodial services Rail, ferry and cycle Integrated facilities Contact centres and
operational support Immigration operations management case management
Engineering, detention services Road traffic Pathology and Middle, back office
management and Detainee transport management non-clinical support and IT services
information services and monitoring Air traffic control services Employment and
Nuclear, space and Patient skills services
maritime services administration and
contact

Our fundamental role in the functioning of an orderly society

Defence Justice & Transport Health Citizen Services

Protecting national Immigration Facilitating safe and Enhancing patient Contributing to the

and international Safeguarding those efficient movement experience and care _wellbeing of citizens

security interests in our care and of people and quality and communities
beyond goods

| Serco Group ple

Annual Report and Accounts 2019

Where we operate

Serco's operations are across four geographic regions:

Americas UK & Europe

£916m £1,756m

Asia Pacific

£621m

Middle East

£350m

Revenue in 2019 (including share of joint ventures and associates)

Our business mix

“Serco's revenue by sector and geographic division:

Revenue by Sector Revenue by Division
Total revenue £3,643m Total revenue £3,643m
‘See page
Defence Justice & Immigration Americas UK & Europe 16tormare
Transport Health _—_—_itizen Services Middle East Asia Pacific eres

Revenue in 2019 (including share of joint ventures and associates).

Annual Report and Accounts 2019 Serco Group ple |

05

2
3
3
@
»
3

aoueusanog ayeiodio>

squawiazeys je}oueuly

Chairman's Statement

Sir Roy Gardner
Chairman

2019 Highlights

Underlying Trading Profit of
£120m, an increase of 29%.
Order intake of £5.4bn, a
book-to-bill ratio of 170%.
Acquisition of NSBU, adding
materially to the scale and
capability of Serco’s defence
business.

Further development of risk
management and governance
effectiveness.

Good engagement with
customers and proposition
development to continue
succeeding in the market for
complex public services.

After a strong year of progress
in 2019, positive outlook for
2020 and beyond.

The recent performance, and
the health of our balance sheet
gives us the confidence to
resume paying dividends to our
shareholders for the first time in
six years.

| Serco Group ple

“lam pleased to report that 2019 has been a year of
very strong progress, building on that achieved in

2018 which marked an inflection point for Serco and
the shift from the ‘Transform’ stage of delivering our
turnaround to the ‘Grow’ stage

“Not only have we delivered financially and improved
operationally in almost all of our key performance metrics in 2019,
but we have also completed a substantial acquisition, achieved a
record level of order intake, and continued to develop and
strengthen across all areas of our corporate responsibilities. We
have maintained our absolute focus on the importance of
governance and transparency, and, as we hope is evident in this
document, we are responding to the demand on companies for
more extensive corporate reporting.”

Delivering on our strategy implementation

In 2015, following an operating loss of £1.3bn in 2014 and major issues with our largest
customer, new management set out a three-stage plan for Serco: Stabilise, Transform,
Grow. Stabilisation was largely completed in 2015 following the recruitment of a new
management team, recapitalisation of the business and delivery of a corporate
renewal programme. Transformation then started in earnest, with this stage largely
concluding in 2019 whilst also ensuring it is embedded in the Company as ‘business as.
usual’. 2018 marked the start of delivering the third phase - Growth - with Underlying
Trading Profit increasing for the first time in five years. 2019 has built upon this, with
growth and improvements across virtually every metric,

In terms of financial performance, revenue growth of 15% (the first time revenue has
grown in five years), combined with margin improvement from 3.3% to 3.7%, has led to
Underlying Trading Profit increasing by 29% to £120m, After the Group's financing and
tax costs, and taking into account the increased number of shares following the
funding of the NSBU acquisition, Underlying Earnings Per Share increased by 18% to
6.16p. The strength of Serco’s balance sheet also remains clear: Adjusted Net Debt of
£215m results in leverage broadly unchanged from a year earlier and therefore
remaining comfortably at the lower end of our normal target range of 1-2x; our
pension schemes are in a strong funding position with balance sheet accounting
surplus; and we pay our supply chain promptly and do not utilise working capital
facilities to do so.

Annual Report and Accounts 2019

Operationally, the confidence that customers have in Serco
to deliver critical, sensitive and complex public services is
reflected in the record order intake of £5.4bn for the year, taking
our order book to its highest ever level of £14.1bn. Over 40% of
this order intake comprised new business, with the balance
being order intake to secure existing work. Of particular note,
the latter included the successful rebids of the UK asylum
accommodation contracts and the prisoner escorting contracts,
with these being previously loss-making operations which have
been rebid to be appropriately profitable under the new
contracting terms. | am also delighted that our employee
engagement scores, which have risen steadily since 2013,
climbed further year-on-year from 67 to 71 points in 2019.

This measure is one of a number of non-financial KPIs which
drive our performance, more of which can read about on pages
9to 11.

In terms of our strategy, | would highlight two aspects. First, the
advantage of Serco's broad international footprint has remained
clear. Our North America and Asia Pacific regions
demonstrated the strongest organic revenue performances,
but we have also moved the UK back into organic growth for the
first time since 2013 and, pleasingly, around 55% of our order
intake came from the UK, with the balance from our
international customers. Secondly, we have demonstrated the
ability to successfully execute and integrate material
acquisitions such as NSBU in the US. This leading provider of
ship and submarine design and engineering services adds
materially to the scale of our defence business and brings with it
further opportunities to leverage capabilities across our
international platform. We funded the acquisition in the most
part through an Equity Placing which was very well supported
by our institutional shareholders, which was gratifying to see.
Having already made the two smaller acquisitions in 2018 which
have gone on to perform well in their first full financial year as
part of Serco, we continue to see acquisitions as a key part of
‘sustainable value creation — in terms of better-service to
customers, improving opportunities for our employees and
business partners, and enhancing returns for our shareholders.

Iwould also draw your attention to our announcement in July
2019 that one of our subsidiaries, Serco Geografix Ltd, reached
2 Deferred Prosecution Agreement with the UK Serious Fraud
Office, which concluded the SFO’s investigation into Serco
companies announced in November 2013. An exceptional
charge has been taken in the 2019 financial results for the
£19.2m fine together with £3.7m for the SFO's investigation
costs. The fine reflected a discount of 50% as a result of Serco’s
self-reporting, as well as our significant and substantial

with the investigation. The SFO also recognised
the significant steps Serco has taken to reform itself, induding
the thorough implementation under independent supervision
‘of acomprehensive Corporate Renewal Programme approved
by the UK Government in 2014.

You can read more about all of these points in the Chief
Executive's Review on pages 22 to 34.

Annual Report and Accounts 2019

Our Board, governance and evolving
corporate responsil Ss

Serco’s Board has seen considerable change since | became
Chairman in July 2015. In previous years we have brought in new
Non-Executive Directors with a mix of backgrounds and
experience to ensure a balanced, dynamic and effective Board.
As previously reported, Eric Born joined the Board on 1 January
2019 and at the same time John Rishton assumed the role of
Senior Independent Director. Whilst the Board has become
more balanced over recent years, culminating in 33% gender
diversity, we recognise we still have much more to do, not least
with regard to other areas of diversity at Board level. Whilst
good progress is being made across the Group on all aspects
of diversity and inclusion, sustainable change requires a
long-term perspective and this remains a key focus for the
Company. There were changes to the membership of most of
the Board's Committees, and 2019 has been a year of continued
developments to drive effectiveness and support our clear
belief that strong governance is a vital component in the
long-term success of the Company.

In our Corporate Governance Report on pages 101 to 154, you
will read that we have fully complied with the provisions of the
UK Corporate Governance Code during 2019, and! would draw
your attention to the s172 statement we make on pages 9 to
100 as this is the first time we have put this in our Annual Report
and it shows how the Board has engaged with our stakeholders
and approached the decisions we have made during the year.
We have thoroughly reviewed and revised the Terms of
Reference of each of the Board's Committees, ensuring the
consideration of all relevant matters and the appropriateness of
all lines of communication, and these are also described in each
individual Committee Report. As part of this process, | would
also draw your attention to our commitments to diversity, to
shareholder engagement and to your Board's active
involvement in evaluating bids and contracts, meeting regularly
with senior management responsible for operational delivery
and business development, as well as visiting contracts and
engaging with the wider management team, including
participation in Serco’s Management training courses.

The Corporate Responsibility Committee has seen its remit
evolve significantly during 2019, and you can read more on this,
‘on pages 120 to 121 and the summary Corporate Responsibility
Report on pages 76 to 95. This includes details of our chosen
approach to Employee Voice, the ‘Colleague ConneXions’
programme, led by our designated Non-Executive Director
Kirsty Bashforth, through which we will ensure employee views
and interests are factored into our decision-making. The
programme - shaped and led by our frontline colleagues in
close collaboration with the Board - has been warmly
welcomed to help us amplify employee voice and strengthen
dialogue between the Board and all employees. Further details
are available on page 81. In 2020, as part of our focus on ESG
matters, we will be increasing our approach to environmental
issues as we appreciate there is more that we can do in that
area as you will see from the Committee's report

Serco Group ple |

07

9
3g

3
g
S$
3
fo)
2
g
3
3
3
8

squawayers jeoueuls

Chairman's Statement continued

I would also like to draw your attention to our Corporate
Responsibility framework on pages 77 to 92, which we created a
few years ago to make the principles of our approach to
Corporate Responsibility more actionable and meaningful. This
framework is structured around our four core stakeholders ~
owners, customers, employees and the wider world — and this
year we have aligned it with areas of responsibility in terms of
Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) factors, and have
also recognised the alignment with each of the relevant UN
Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs). Our summary
Corporate Responsibility Report contained within this Annual
Report and Accounts, and our full Corporate Responsibility
Report which can be accessed on www.serco.com, sets out in
detail Serco’s aims and actions to be a sustainable business that
makes a positive difference to society.

Looking ahead

This time last year, we set out in considerable detail our views on
‘our markets, including refreshing our strategic review, our
evaluations of the potential impacts of Brexit, and the
developments following a period of notable further distress to the
UK Government's supply chain given the fates of Carillion and
Interserve. Most of these views have not subsequently changed to
any great extent, other than to note that the final resolution of the
Brexit decision brings helpful clarity around which we can plan.
We still see attractive, long-term structural drivers — what we term
the ‘Four Forces’ ~ which should lead to governments demanding
additional support in the delivery of public services. We have also
welcomed the progress made by the UK Government to
recognise that it needs a heatthy relationship with its supply chain
for effective and efficient public service delivery. Itis worth noting
of course, that Serco’s particular areas of service delivery, being
more non-discretionary and critical in nature, can offer us stability
in uncertain political times as well as the potential for attractive
long-term growth. We have seen the benefit even more so from
Serco’s portfolio of sectors and particularly across geographies
that have afforded us protection against the vagaries in any
single market.

Looking specifically at 2020, we expect revenue to grow by
6-8% to £3.4-3.Sbn, and, with further progress on increasing
our profit margin, Underlying Trading Profit to grow by about
20% to around £145m. We also anticipate Adjusted Net Debt
to reduce even while taking into account a resumption of
dividend payments to our shareholders.

Resumption of dividend

When dividend payments were suspended in 2014, the Board
committed to resuming dividend payments to Serco’s
shareholders as soon as it judged it prudent to do so. 2019 has
been a year of very strong performance. It is also the last year
of significant outflows of cash related to loss-making contracts
and restructuring costs. Our expectations for 2020 are for
further good progress in increasing underlying earnings and
reducing financial leverage.

The Board is therefore recommending the payment of a final
dividend in respect of the 2019 financial year. Our intention
going forward is to weight dividend payments roughly
one-third: two-thirds between interim and final payments. The
Board considers it appropriate to reintroduce the dividend
payments at a level of underlying EPS cover initially of around
four times, equivalent to a payout ratio of approximately 25%.

| Sereo Group pie

Taking this into account, the Board is therefore recommending
the payment of a final dividend in respect of the 2019 financial
year of 1.0p. The dividend, subject to shareholder approval at
the Annual General Meeting on 14 May 2020, would be paid
‘on 5 June 2020.

The Board will keep the dividend under regular consideration
as we continue to drive forward with the growth stage of our
strategy. This will consider views of the Group's underlying
earnings, cash flows and financial leverage, together with the
prevailing market outlook. The Board is mindful of the
requirement to maintain an appropriate level of dividend
cover, the potential alternative uses of capital to generate
incremental value for shareholders, and the desire to maintain
financial flexibility and a strong balance sheet that is
considered appropriate for Serco's ability to deliver
sustainable value for all of the Group's stakeholders.

Securing our future success

Serco’s purpose is to be a trusted partner of governments,
providing superb public services that transform outcomes

and make a positive difference for our fellow citizens, whilst
delivering attractive returns to our shareholders and rewarding
careers to our employees. Our approach to achieving this is
through aspiring to be the best-managed company in our sector,
and concentrating on doing four things really well: winning good
business; executing brilliantly; being a place people are proud to
work; and being profitable and sustainable.

Your Board is absolutely focused on long-term, sustainable
shareholder value creation, and doing so by promoting the
best interests of shareholders alongside those of our
employees, customers, and the societies and communities in
which we work. Serco has a clear strategy to complete and
embed the transformation of the business and position it for
long-term success in its markets, and is on track to achieve this
through a highly effective executive management team anda
committed workforce that cares passionately about public
service delivery.

We have made great progress in recent years turning the
business around and | am delighted to report that 2019 has
seen excellent growth in revenues and profits, a record order
intake and order book, a strong balance sheet maintained, a
strategically important acquisition completed, the confidence
to recommend a resumption of dividends to shareholders and
a continued focus to positively shape the business and its
market positioning for the benefit all our stakeholders.
Furthermore, we expect to build on this in 2020, as outlined
with our guidance for further growth in our revenues and
Underlying Trading Profit.

would like to thank all colleagues in the business for their
efforts in achieving a very successful 2019, and for their

inhelping Serc6% be a super provider of
‘that we can all id of,

Sir Roy Gardner’
Chairman
25 February 2020

Annual Report and Accounts 2019

Key Performance Indicators

We use Key Performance Indicators (KPIs) to monitor our performance, ensuring we have a
balance and an appropriate emphasis to both financial and non-financial aspects. In recent
years, we have also evolved and improved our Management Information, including the
contract performance monitoring process which tracks KPls specific to each customer
operation, our monthly management accounts and our Divisional Performance Review

(DPR) processes.

For each KPI we explain the definition,
relevance to our strategy and the
performance in 2019. We have made no
changes in 2019 to the KPls presented
and therefore there is comparability and
consistency with our focus in the

business and the guidance that we issue.

The Finance Review provides further
detailed definitions and reconciliations
of our use of Alternative Performance
Measures (APMs). Information on our
carbon emissions and a large number of
other corporate responsibility Key
Performance Indicators can be found
within our Corporate Responsibility
Report on pages 93 to 95, as welll as,

in our more detailed corporate
responsibility report for the year which
is available on our website
www.serco.com.

Annual Report and Accounts 2019

1. Underlying Trading Profit (UTP)

Definition
Trading Profit is defined as IFRS
Operating Profit excluding amortisation
of intangibles arising on acquisition as
well as exceptional items. Consistent with
IERS, it includes Serco's share of profit
after interest and tax ofits joint ventures
and associates. Underlying Trading

Profit additionally excludes Contract

& Balance Sheet Review adjustments
(principally Onerous Contract Provision
(OCP) releases or charges), and other
material one-time items as set out in

the Finance Review on pages 42 to 59,

Relevance to strategy
The level of absolute UTP and the
relationship of UTP with revenue —ie the
margin we earn on what our customers
pay us ~is at the heart of our ‘profitable
and sustainable’ business objective, as,
well as being an output of ‘winning good
business’ and ‘executing brilliantly’. We
describe on page 17 that the delivery of
strategic success, after the completion

of further transformation, has potential in
the longer term to deliver revenue growth
of S%t and trading margins of 5%¢.

Performance
The outcome was a significant
improvement over the £105m we
expected at the start of the year. The
29% increase on 2018 was driven by new
contract awards and growth in volume-
related work which drove particularly
strong organic revenue growth in the
Americas and AsPac Divisions, the
contributions from acquisitions, the
new contract structure and workload

on the CMS contract, and a generally
strong operating performance

across the Group. The underlying
margin rose from 3.3% to 3.7%.

2. Underlying Earnings Per Share
(EPS), diluted

Definition
Underlying EPS reflects the Underlying
Trading Profit measure after deducting
pre-exceptional net finance costs and
related tax effects. Ittakes into account
‘any non-controlling interests share of
the result for the period, and divides
the remaining result that is attributable
to the equity owners of the Company
by the weighted average number of
ordinary shares outstanding, including
the potential dilutive effect of share
options, in accordance with IFRS.

Relevance to strategy

EPS builds on the relevance of UTP, and
further reflects the achievement of being
‘profitable and sustainable’ by taking

into account not just our ability to grow
revenue and margin but also the strength
and costs of our financial funding and tax
arrangements, EPS is therefore a measure
of financial return for our shareholders.

Performance

The 18% increase on 2018 reflects the
strong 29% UTP growth as described, the
increase in net finance costs and lower
underlying effective tax rate which broadly
offset each other, and the increase in
number of shares in issue resulting from
the Placing in May 2019 of additional
shares to fund the NSBU acquisition.

Serco Group ple |

09

fe)
Q
3
2
s
3
fa)
3
2
3
3
Fa
a
8

squawierers jenueuly

10

Key Performance Indicators continued

3. Free Cash Flow (FCF)

Definition

Free Cash Flow is the net cash flow from
operating activities before exceptional
items as shown on the face of the Group's
Consolidated Cash Flow Statement,
adding dividends we receive from joint
ventures and associates, and deducting
net interest paid and net capital
expenditure on tangible and intangible
asset purchases. FCF for 2018 has been
restated for a change to accounting

for leases, as described on page 47,

Relevance to strategy

FCF is a further reflection on how
‘sustainable’ our profits are, as welll

as the sustainability of the overall
business, by showing a measure of
how much of our effort turns into cash
to reinvest back into the business or
to deploy in other ways. Furthermore,
‘winning good business’ should reflect
that which generates appropriate cash
returns, and ‘executing brilliantly’ should
include appropriate management of
our working capital cash flow cycles.

Performance

The improvement includes that from
increased UTP together with reduced
outflows related to loss-making contracts
subject to OCPs as reflected in the lower
rate of provision utilisation, The working
capital movement was broadly neutral
compared to an outflow of £22m the
prior year, and the Group has continued
tonot utilise any factoring or other
working capital facilities during 2019.

| Serco Group ple

4, Underlying Return on Invested
Capital (ROIC)

Definition

ROIC is calculated as UTP for the period
divided by the invested capital balence
Invested capital represents the assets
and ies considered to be deployed
in delivering the trading performance of
the business. Invested capital assets are:
goodwill and other intangible assets;
property, plant and equipment; interests
in joint ventures and associates; contract
assets, trade and other receivables; and
inventories. Invested capital liabilities
are contract liabilities, trade and other
payables. Invested capital is calculated as
a two-point average of the opening and
closing balance sheet positions. Invested
Capital and Underlying ROIC for 2018 has
been restated for a change to accounting
for leases, as described on page 48,

Relevance to strategy
ROIC measures how efficiently the Group
uses its capital to generate returns from
its assets. To be a sufficiently ‘profitable
and sustainable