Serco
Annual Report
and Accounts

2020

*AA7RTBEN*

COMPANIES HOUSE

Contents

Strategic Report

01-80

03
04
06

Highlights
Ata Glance

Chairman's Statement

Our Market

Our Business Model

Chief Executive's Review

Divisional Reviews

Our performance framework and
strategic priorities

Strategy Implementation

Key Performance Indicators
Covid-19 - Our Response

ESG Impact and Integrity - Corporate
Responsibility at Serco

Section 172 (1) Statement

Finance Review

Risk Management

Principal Risks and Uncertainties
Viability Statement

Corporate Governance

81-140

82
86
89
1
94
99
101
103

105
134

Board of Directors

Chairman's Governance Overview
Board and Governance

Group Risk Committee Report
Audit Committee Report
Nomination Committee Report
Corporate Responsibility Committee Report
Compliance with the UK Corporate
Governance Code

Remuneration Report

Directors’ Report

Financial Statements

141-222

142
153
154

155,
156
157
188
au
212
213
27

220
221
222

Independent Auditor's Report

Consolidated Income Statement
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive
Income

Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
Consolidated Balance Sheet

Consolidated Cash Flow Statement

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Company Balance Sheet

Company Statement of Changes in Equity
Notes to the Company Financial Statements
Appendix: List of subsidiaries and related
undertakings

Appendix: Supplementary information
Shareholder information

Useful Contacts

Serco Group plc is a leading provider of
public services. Our purpose is to be a
trusted partner of governments, delivering
superb services that transform outcomes
and make a positive difference to our
fellow citizens.

We gain scale, expertise and diversification
by operating internationally across five
sectors and four geographies: Defence,
Justice & Immigration, Transport, Health
and Citizen Services, delivered in the

UK & Europe, North America, Asia Pacific
and the Middle East.

For more and the latest information
please visit our website at
wwwr.serco.com

Strategic Report

Highlights

Revenue
£3.9bn

2019: £3.2bn

Underlying Trading Profit
£163m

2019: £120m

Underlying EPS, diluted
8p
Underlying ROIC

19.1%

2019: 15.4%

Employee Engagement

73 points

2019: 71 points

See KPIs on

P.35-37 pages 35-37

for definitions

Order Book
£13.5bn
2019: £14.1bn

Reported Operating Profit
£180m

2019: £103m

Reported EPS, diluted
10.7p

Free Cash Flow
£135m

2019: £62m

Major Incident Frequency

0.41 per
1m hours

2019: 0.39 per 1m hours

See pages 9-14 for

more information
P.9-14 on our market and

business model

uoday a16a1ens

At a Glance

What we do

Serco delivers services to governments and other institutions who serve the public
or protect vital national interests.

Serco's roots go back to 1929, and in 1988 the Group was listed on the London Stock Exchange. Now,
Serco is a FTSE 250 company managing over 500 contracts worldwide and employing around 55,000
people across our operations.

We deliver services through people, supported by effective
processes, technology and skilled management. Our customers
define what outcomes or services they need to deliver, and we
develop new and more effective ways to deliver them. We provide
innovative solutions to some of the most complex challenges
facing governments, bringing our experience, capability and scale

to deliver the service standards, cost efficiencies and policy
outcomes governments want. In this way we make a positive
difference to the lives of millions of people around the world,
often looking after some of the most vulnerable and
disadvantaged in society and helping to keep nations safe.

Our core sectors

Our business is focused across five core sectors, with revenue in 2020 of £3,885m or, including our
share of joint ventures and associates to reflect our total scale in each sector, of £4,250m.

Justice &
Immigration

Defence Health

Citizen Services

Transport

£1,353m £506m

Key services

| | 722m

Base and operational Custodial services Rail, ferry and cycle Integrated facilities Contact centres and

support Immigration operations management case management
Engineering, detention services Road traffic Non-clinical support Middle, back office
management and Detainee transport management services and IT services

information services

Nuclear, space and
maritime services

Protecting national
and international
security interests

04 | Serco Group ple

and monitoring

Air traffic control Patient administration

and contact

Our fundamental role in the functioning of an orderly society

Safeguarding those

in our care and
beyond

Facilitating safe and Enhancing patient
efficient movement of experience and
people and goods care quality

Employment and skills
services

Contributing to the
wellbeing of citizens
and communities

Annual Report and Accounts 2020

Where we operate

Serco's operations are across four geographic regions:

UK & Europe

£2,143m

Americas

£1,064m

Asia Pacific

£719m

Middle East

£324m

Revenue in 2020 (including share of joint ventures and associates)

Our business mix

Serco’s revenue by sector and geographic division:

Revenue by Sector Revenue by Division
Total revenue £4,250m Total revenue £4,250m
See page
144
PAG intonation on
‘our business model

Revenue in 2020 (including share of joint ventures and associates).

Annual Report and Accounts 2020 SercoGroup ple | 05

yoday a16aiens

aoueusenoy ayesodio>

squawarers jelnueuly

Chairman's Statement

Sir Roy Gardner
Chairman

Highlights of 2020

* Revenue grew by 20% to £3.9bn, of
which 16% was organic.

Underlying Trading Profit of £163m,
an increase of 36%.

Free cash flow of £135m, reducing
covenant net debt:EBITDA from
1.3x to 0.5x.

Business coped admirably

with challenges of Covid-19.
Further development of risk
management and governance
effectiveness.

Good engagement with customers
and proposition development to
continue succeeding in the market
for complex public services.
Positive outlook for 2021 and
beyond.

The health of our balance sheet and
the positive outlook give us the
confidence to resume paying
dividends to our shareholders for
the first time since 2014.

06 | Serco Group plc

“This will be my last
statement as Chairman of
Serco and perhaps the one
that gives me most pride
to deliver.”

“The year brought tremendous operational challenges for Serco due
to Covid-19 but the business handled them admirably, thanks to the
dedication of our people to delivering public services as well as the
strength and agility of our business model. The steps taken since 2014
to transform the business helped make this possible with the
investment we made in our systems in recent years meaning we were
able to respond rapidly at scale when our government customers
requested help in dealing with the challenges brought by Covid-19.

| believe these successes in delivering critical public services during
extraordinary times mean the company should face the future with
great confidence.”

Financial performance and strategy

A three-stage strategic plan was set out in 2015; Stabilise, Transform, Grow. We moved into
the growth phase during 2018, built on this in 2019 and, despite the challenges of Covid-19,
2020 was a year of substantial further progress. The year saw strong growth in revenue,
Underlying Trading Profit and earnings per share, a substantial reduction in net debt and
the successful refinancing of our debt.

Revenue grew by 20% to £3.9bn, with organic growth of 16%. Combined with an increase in
margin from 3.7% to 4.2%, this led to Underlying Trading Profit increasing 36% to £163m
and underlying earnings per share increasing by 37% to 8.43p. We delivered an excellent
cash performance in the period, which reduced our covenant net debt from £215m to £58m
and leverage from 1.3x EBITDA to 0.5x, below the lower end of our preferred 1x-2x range.
The strength of Serco’s balance sheet and the resilience of our earnings meant we were
able to successfully issue $200m (£156m) of US Private Placement loan notes, with an
average maturity of nearly eight years. It was the first time Serco has been able to access
the US Private Placement market in more than seven years. Low leverage and debt with
such long maturities provide a very strong base for the ongoing execution of our strategy.
‘Our pension schemes remain in a strong funding position with a balance sheet accounting
surplus, we continue to pay our supply chain promptly and do not utilise working capital
facilities to do so.

Operationally, it was pleasing to see our government customers turn to Serco as a trusted
and capable partner to help in their efforts to respond to the great challenges of Covid-19.
Our agile business model meant we were able to simultaneously supply this rapid increase
in demand for services and cope with abrupt reduction in volumes in other parts of our
business, such as Leisure and Transport. | am delighted that in the midst of this pandemic,
when the majority of our people are working in highly challenging environments on the
front line, our employee engagement scores, which have risen steadily since 2013, climbed
further from 71 points in 2019 to 73 points in 2020.

Annual Report and Accounts 2020

Order intake reduced from £5.4bn in 2019 to £3.16n, causing our
order book to dip from an all-time high of £14.1bn to £13.Sbn. We
had anticipated a significant reduction in order intake due to the
natural lumpy nature of contract awards and this was amplified as
the disruption of Covid-19 caused some decisions to be pushed
back. Our win rates on the new business that was awarded as well
as securing rebids and extensions on existing work remained high,
at around 35% and more than 90% in our wholly-owned operations,
respectively.

The strength of the business in 2020 demonstrated the value of
several core pillars of our strategy. Our tight focus on government
customers but with geographic and segmental diversification
served us well. It provided us with opportunities that more than
outweighed the negatively impacted parts of the group and all with
a counterpart with excellent credit risk. Another element of our
strategy is acquisitions. We announced the acquisition of one
business in the year, that of Facilities First Australia for A$S78m_
(£44m). FFA is a specialist provider of cleaning, facility maintenance
and management services to government. Its 2,500 employees and
experienced management team bring to Serco new skills and reach
in government facilities management, which is expected to see a
significant amount of bidding opportunities in the coming years.
Following the year end, we announced the proposed acquisition of
Whitney, Bradley & Brown Inc for US$295m (£215m). The acquisition
will increase the scale, breadth and capability of Serco's North
American defence business and will give Serco a strong platform
from which to address all major segments of the US defence
services market. We continue to see a focused M&A program,
funding selective acquisitions that meet our investment criteria, as a
key part of sustainable value creation

Our Board, governance and evolving

corporate responsibilities

There were several changes to the Board in the period as we
continue to bring in Non-Executive Directors with a mix of
backgrounds and experience to ensure a balanced, dynamic and
effective Board. Dame Sue Owen DCB, who has held senior
positions in several government departments, joined the Board
as a Non-Executive Director in August 2020. In the same month,
Rachel Lomax stepped down as a Non-Executive Director. | would
like to thank Rachel for the extensive contribution she made to
the Company since joining in early 2014, Rachel's responsi
as Chair of the Group Risk Committee were taken on by
lan El-Mokadem. In May, | decided | would not seek another

term as Chairman and asked the Board to start the process to

find a successor. After a detailed succession planning process

that included external candidates, John Rishton, our Senior
Independent Director and a member of the Board since September
2016, was selected as my successor. John, a highly experienced
executive, will take over when | stand down at the Annual General
Meeting in April 2021. At the start of 2021, we announced

Tim Lodge would be joining the Board in February, and will replace
John Rishton as chair of the Audit Committee in April. Tim has a
wealth of financial experience and a strong track record in driving
commercial performance, as well as delivering strategic change and
restructuring to support longer term investment and growth; he will
be a very welcome addition to the Board. These continued
developments are designed to drive effectiveness and support

our clear belief that strong governance is a vital component in

the long-term success of Serco.

Annual Report and Accounts 2020

In our Corporate Governance Report on pages 86 to 104, you will
read that we have fully complied with the provisions of the UK
Corporate Governance Code during 2020. The s172 statement we
make on pages 50 to 55 shows how the Board has engaged with our
stakeholders and approached the decisions we have made during
the year. Covid-19 has certainly made that more challenging but this
year the Board has met virtually far more than in previous years,
which has allowed it to hear from and engage with stakeholders as
well as ensuring it is keep up to date with how the Company has
reacted during this challenging time. We had regular calls on the
pandemic and the Board were involved in evaluating existing
contracts, new bids, meeting senior management responsible for
nal delivery and business development. Although Covid-19
meant site visits and involvement in management training, meetings
and events were curtailed during 2020, we sought to preserve these
important parts of the role to the extent this was possible;
Non-Executive Directors undertook the key elements of Serco’s
internal training and attended divisional management meetings as
well as contract visits by video conference. We reviewed the Terms
of Reference of each of the Board's Committees, ensuring the
consideration of all relevant matters and the appropriateness of all
lines of communication, and these are also described in each
individual Committee Report. As part of this process, | would draw
your attention to our commitments to diversity.

Recognising how vitally important workforce engagement is to
operational and cultural continuity, especially during periods of
sustained crisis, we have focused on maintaining momentum and
establishing a healthy rhythm in our Employee Voice approach,
Colleague ConneXions, which was launched the previous year.
Detail of our work in this area is given on page 137.

You will see how important the Environmental, Social and
Governance (ESG) factors are as set out in the Corporate
Responsibility framework on pages 40 to 49. We have enhanced this
framework which is well embedded in the Company and, structured
around our Values and Purpose, our four core stakeholders —
owners, customers, employees and the wider world ~ and areas of
interest to these stakeholders and aligned these to the ESG factors
to ensure that we deliver an integrated framework. We take all of
these matters extremely seriously and it is a Board focus. Our
summary of Corporate Responsibility contained within this Annual
Report and Accounts, and our full Corporate Responsibility Report
which can be accessed on www.serco.com, set out in detail Serco's
aims and actions to be a sustainable business that makes a positive
difference to society.

Change of Chief Financial Officer

Angus Cockburn informed me in December of his wish to retire
from full-time executive life. Angus has had an exceptional career
and his work at Serco ensured the business survived then provided
the base for it to deliver the high growth seen in the last three years.
I'm sorry to see Angus depart and would like to thank him for the
outstanding contribution he has made to the Group. At the same
time, !am delighted Nigel Crossley will be his successor. Nigel
joined Serco in 2014 and has been an incredibly important and
high-performing part of the team during our transformation.

SercoGroup ple | 07

uodsy a16a1ens

aoueuseno5 ayeiodi03,

squawarers jepueurs

Chairman's Statement continued

Looking ahead

In the short term, we expect the growth seen in recent years to
continue, albeit at a more normal level. in 2021, we expect revenue
to grow by 7% to around £4.2bn and Underlying Trading Profit to
increase to around £175m, before the proposed acquisition of WBB.
Free Cash Flow should reduce year-on-year, as 2020 benefited from
some one-off factors, but cash conversion will remain high, and we
expect financial leverage to be in the middle of in our target 1x-2x
net debt:EBITDA range, even after the acquisition of FFA, the
proposed acquisition of WBB, the share buyback, and a resumption
of dividend payments to our shareholders.

The medium and long term outlook is harder to predict than a year
ago as the lasting impact of Covid-19 is still uncertain. But we have
already started the task of considering the changes and
opportunities that may arise and intend to present our conclusions
in the second half of 2021. Our initial view is that Covid-19 will put
‘even more pressure on governments to provide more and better
services for less, and this is positive for our market. There is likely to
be an impact on the mix of demand for services provided by the
private sector to governments and our business model, which is
designed to be agile, is well-suited to this. We therefore see no
reason to change our view that in the long term Serco should be
able to grow its revenues by, on average, around 5% a year, and
deliver trading margins of 5%.

Shareholder returns

This time last year we recommended paying a dividend for the first
time in six years, a moment that illustrated the transformation in the
company’s financial health. Like many companies, we withdrew this
proposal in the relatively early stages of Covid-19, when the
potential impact of the pandemic was difficult to predict. We see
the dividend decision this year as being one that, in addition to our
shareholders, should consider our stakeholders more generally.
Prior to making a decision on dividend we have refunded furlough
money received from the UK government, repaid early tax deferrals
where there is a mechanism to do so, and paid a bonus to 50,000 of
our front-line workers. After this, and with the combination of a
strong balance sheet and promising outlook for the business, the
Board believes it is appropriate to resume dividends again. We see
asuitable level to begin as dividend cover of four times
underlying EPS, equivalent to a payout ratio of approximately 25%.
Our policy is to weight dividend payments roughly one-third
two-thirds between interim and final payments.

The Board is therefore recommending a final dividend in respect of
the 2020 financial year of 1.4p. In addition, we are part way through
the process of buying £40m of shares and we intend to cancel half
of these. The £20m is roughly the same as the value of the 2019 final
and 2020 interim dividends, had they been paid.

The Board views the 25% payout ratio as a prudent starting p
We are of the view it will enable us to balance dividends, potent
other uses of capital to generate incremental value and the desire
to maintain a strong balance sheet. The combination of these
should enhance Serco’s ability to deliver sustainable value for all of
the Group's stakeholders.

08 | Serco Group ple

Securing our future success

Serco’s purpose is to be a trusted partner of governments,
providing superb public services that transform outcomes and
make a positive difference for our fellow citizens, whilst delivering
attractive returns to our shareholders and rewarding careers to our
employees. Our approach to achieving this is through aspiring to be
the best-managed company in our sector, and concentrating on
doing four things really well: winning good business; executing
brilliantly; being a place people are proud to work; and being
profitable and sustainable.

Your Board is absolutely focused on long-term, sustainable
shareholder value creation, and doing so by promoting the best
interests of shareholders alongside those of our employees,
customers, and the societies and communities in which we work.
Serco has a clear strategy to complete and embed the
transformation of the business and position it for long-term success
in its markets, and is on track to achieve this through a highly
effective executive management team and a committed workforce
that cares passionately about public service delivery.

We have made great progress in recent years turning the business
around and | am delighted to report that 2020 has seen excellent
growth in revenues and profits, strong cash generation, a very
successful refinancing of our debt, the announcement of a bolt on
acquisition, the confidence to recommend a resumption of
dividends to shareholders and a continued focus to positively shape
the business and its market positioning for the benefit all our
stakeholders. Furthermore, we expect to build on this in 2021.

| would like to thank all colleagues in the business for their
exemplary efforts during this difficult time, and for their continued
support in helping Serco to be a superb provider of public services
that we can all be proud of.

Sir Roy Gardner
Chairman
24 February 2021

Annual Report and Accounts 2020

Our Market

Our core sectors

Defence

Justice &
Immigration

Transport

Health

Citizen
Services

Our markets
United
Kingdom

Continental
Europe

North
America

Asia
Pacific

Middle
East

Annual Report and Accounts 2020

In a year when our market — and every market — has
been impacted by Covid-19, and no one can be sure
exactly how and when things will settle, we nonetheless
believe that fundamental drivers will continue to
increase demand for our services across the world.

Serco delivers services to governments and other institutions who
serve the public or protect vital national interests. We focus on five
sectors: Defence, Justice & Immigration, Transport, Health and
Citizen Services, and deliver them in the UK, Continental Europe,
North America, Asia Pacific and the Middle East.

Government as a purchaser of public services

Governments have two basic responsibilities: to develop policies, and to ensure that those
policies are delivered. Some policies can be delivered simply by enacting legislation, relying
‘on individuals and corporations to deliver the policy themselves by acting in accordance with
the law, with the police and judiciary acting as enforcers of behaviour. An example of this
would be a policy that required a speed of 20 mph near schools, which can be enforced
by the police in the normal course of law enforcement. Other policies require substantial
specialist workforces to be employed to deliver them. One example would be a policy that
pending the adjudication of their applications, asylum seekers should be housed in the
community, rather than in detention: such a policy requires the government to employ -
directly or indirectly - the people required to manage housing and welfare services. Another
‘example of a policy that requires a dedicated workforce to deliver it would be air traffic
control, which requires highly qualified staff to be deployed, often to remote locations.

Public services require people

The delivery of many areas of government policy is labour-intensive, and the number of
people involved in the delivery of government services vastly outnumbers those involved in
developing policy; in some countries, government is the largest employer - employing more
people than any other sector or organisation. For example, according to the United States
Bureau of Labor Statistics, nearly twice as many people (22.7 million as at January 2020) are
employed by government bodies as are in manufacturing (~129 million as at January 2020)
across the US, whilst in the UK the National Health Service is the single largest employer.

The labour-intensive nature of government service delivery demands strong management of
the processes to recruit, organise and oversee the hundreds or even thousands of people
required to deliver a public service efficiently. Many public servants are talented managers,
but all governments find it hard to attract and retain mangers in the numbers required to
deliver services in the face of private sector competition for these skills. Serco helps
governments by being a bridge between the drive, energy and innovation of the private
sector, and the very specific requirements of public services.

The private sector as a supplier of public services

Governments have used private contractors to deliver public policy, often in very sensitive
areas, for centuries. In medieval times, fighting wars and tax collection were often
outsourced, in whole or part, to private enterprise. The transportation of prisoners from the
UK to Australia, which started in 1788 and continued until 1868, was carried out entirely by
private contractors. Today, in the UK, frontline medical services by the National Health
Service, which is widely perceived as a nationalised service, is largely provided by privately-
owned businesses called General Practitioner Practices, the vast majority of whom are
employed by private partnerships and companies rather than by the state. Some of the most
sensitive and secret defence work is carried out by private companies

Some services which governments need in order to deliver public policy are similar or
identical to those required in the private sector, and suppliers can happily operate in both
markets. Running payroll, providing telecoms networks and IT centres is not vastly different
in the public and private sectors, But some government services - such as running prisons or
providing air traffic control ~ are unique to government and have no private sector
equivalent. Many government services are bought only by government, and providing them
is a specialist business, quite different from anything found in the private sector. However,
many of them can be run efficiently on behalf of government by private companies using
techniques, management, technology and processes developed in the private sector.

SercoGroup plc | 09

BDUEUIAAOD ayesodJO> yoday a16aje15

squawayers jeueul4

Our Market continued

Unique demands of public service delivery, and

some history

Providing government services to citizens, funded by taxpayers, is
different, and in many ways more demanding, than providing
services to the private sector or consumers. Politics, transparency
and accountability to multiple stakeholders are sometimes seen
only dimly in the private sector, but are writ large in the public
sector, and need careful management. Serco has deep expertise in
providing this bridge: overlaid on our private sector techniques,
drive and energy is a public service ethos that means that we can
help deliver government services efficiently, but in a way that
recognises the need for public accountability and trust, and the fact
that we are often looking after some of the most vulnerable and
disadvantaged people, or most important services, in society.

Having government as your customer also means that you are
exposed to the ever-changing political weather. In essence, this is
no different from any other market where fashion, technology and
economic conditions impact demand, but governments can change
their policies and priorities with lightning speed. For nearly thirty
years between 1980 and 2010, Serco grew rapidly as the market for
‘outsourcing public services developed around the world. Inspired
Ly Thatcherisin and the policies of President Reagan, privatisation
and outsourcing became popular in many countries and drove
rapid growth of an industry that had barely existed before.
Suppliers became highl

---

which offers services covering front, middle, and back office
requirements across our multiple areas of government policy
delivery, internationally.

Risk management is central to our thinking at both a strategic and
an operational level. In terms of strategy, although being a focused
and specialist B2G business, we think it beneficial, and a
competitive advantage, to diversify our exposure to individual
governments and sectors. Governments can be capricious;
decision-making processes regularly come to a halt around
elections; the attitude to using private companies can be volatile;
political priorities can change in the blink of an eye, switching

retionary resources from defence to immigration to healthcare
and back again. In this environment, being diversified both by
sector and geography reduces risk and volatility. Most companies
operating in our market are heavily focused in either a particular
sector, or within a geography; in our market, Serco is a rare beast,
‘operating amongst five sectors and four regions

But management of risk is only one reason we favour a strategy of
operating across a number of jurisdictions and sectors.
Governments across the world face similar challenges, and we
believe that we can gain competitive advantage and deliver value to.
customers by operating internationally. At a detailed operational
level, providing cleaning and catering services in a hospital is very
similar in Western Australia and in the Middle East or indeed, the
UK. In terms of capability, many of our contracts employ hundreds,
and some, thousands, of people; so recruitment, training, staff
rostering and time management are key capabilities applicable
across all our sectors and geographies. The same is true of project
and case management; we are also able to adopt consistent
approaches to key operational tools such as Continuous
Improvement.

12 | Serco Group ple

A large and growing market

People ask: how large is the market for the private sector provision
of public services? This is hard to determine with precision, as the
boundaries of the market are fiendishly hard to define. Does the
maintenance contract for a mainframe computer operated by the
government fall within the definition of the market? How should we
treat services provided by government-owned agencies operating
on an arm’s-length basis? Within Defence, do we count supply and
support of, say, missile systems, or just the types of services we
currently (as opposed to could) supply? And how do we disentangle
the very different definitions of, and accounting for, expenditure
used by the various governments with whom we deal? The
boundaries are also forever moving as governments take decisions
to outsource new services or insource old ones, and as Serco
stretches its addressable market into new areas through
acquisitions and building new capabilities.

Over the years, and most recently in 2018, we have done a lot of
work to try and size the market in the sectors and geographies we
currently operate in, which are clearly a subset of the global market.
This is a significant exercise given the diversity of our markets and
footprint, but we will soon look to refresh it again, particularly
following the market changes - both shorter and longer term -
brought by Covid-19. For now, our best guess is that the total annual
value of government services in our target segments and
geographies which could be provided by the private sector is
around £300bn, of which around £100bn is delivered by private
companies. Rather than concentrate on the absolute number, some
key conclusions from our work are:

* the market for private sector delivery of government services
is very large;

* the supply-side is fragmented; as a leading international
supplier, our market share within our existing footprint, at
around 3%, is small, although it is larger in some specific
segments within certain sectors; and

© there is significant opportunity for growth, given that around
two-thirds of the services that could be provided by the
private sector are currently self-delivered by government.

In terms of market growth, in 2018 we carried out further work to
assess the rate of growth in our specific sectors and geographies.
When we previously did this, in 2014, we concluded that the
blended rate of growth of our mix of businesses had been running
at 5-7%. Largely as a function of the weighting of our revenues to
the UK - around 40% of the total Group — and the well-publicised
travails of our home market, caused both by Brexit and the issues in
government supplier relations described above, we revised our
view to be that market growth was likely to be running at around
2-3% as a weighted average across our markets. We saw little
likelihood that blended rates of growth across our markets would
increase much beyond this in the immediate future. At that point,
we could not have predicted Covid-19, nor the huge changes and
challenges this would bring to our customers and to public services.
The immediate impact of Covid-19 on our markets has of course
been a very mixed picture: some market segments have suffered
dramatic downturns in demand (rail, leisure, air traffic control);
others have seen a major upsurge, particularly with regards to new
services to help address challenges created by the pandemic
(contact centres for citizen enquiries, hospitals, testing and tracing
services).

Annual Report and Accounts 2020