serco

Annual Report
and Accounts
2025

yin L .

“AFSBSY7V"

Serco Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2025

ur Purpose is
to impact a
better future.

We bring together the right people, the right
technology and the right partners to create innovative
solutions that deliver positive impact and address
some of the most urgent and complex challenges

facing governments. 2 For a digital copy of this report

and the latest investor information,
please visit our corporate website
at serco.com

With a primary focus on serving governments globally,
our services are powered by more than 54,000
colleagues working across multiple sectors including
Defence, Justice & Immigration, Citizen Services,
Health & Other Facilities Management and Transport.

We operate across four regions: North America;
UK & Europe; Asia Pacific; and the Middle East.

Contents

Strategic Report Corporate Governance
Highlights 80
Ata Glance
Chair's Statement

Financial Statements

136 Independent Auditor's Report
150 Consolidated Income Statement
151 Consolidated Statement of
Comprehensive Income
Consolidated Statement

of Changes in Equity
Consolidated Balance Sheet
Consolidated Cash Flow Statement
Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements

Company Balance Sheet

Company Statement of
Changes in Equity

Notes to the Company

Chair's Corporate
Governance Overview

82 Our Governance Framework
Group Chief Executive's Review 83 Board of Directors

Our Market 86 Group Executive Committee
Our Strategy 87 Board leadership and

Our Strategy in action Company Purpose

Key Performance Indicators 89 Stakeholder engagement
Group Review 90 Section 172 (1) Statement

9%
Divisional Review 3 Composition, succession

and evaluation
Impact report 94 Nomination Committee Report
Task Force on Climate-related 97

Financial Disclosures "3 Audit Committee Report

152

155

156

222
223

224

Risk Management
Principal Risks and Uncertainties
Viability Statement

Non-Financial and Sustainability
Information Statement

Risk Committee Report
Corporate Responsibility
Committee Report

Directors’ Remuneration Report

Directors’ Report:
Other Information

Directors’ Responsibility
Statement

Front cover image and left-hand image on page 3: LCpl Isaac Reson | UK MOD © Crown copyright
2024, is licensed under the Open Government Licence (OGL) v3.0, nationalarchives.gov.uk/doc/open:
‘government-licence/version/3/

Financial Statements
Other Information
232 Alternative Performance
Measures

235 Debt covenants

236
238
244

Glossary
Our Impact - Data Tables
Shareholder information

Strategic Report (Corporate Governance ) { Financial Statements } { Other Information

Highlights

Financial highlights

Revenue Reported operating

profit

Underlying operating
profit (UOP)

£272m || £246m

2024: £274m 2024: £130m

£4.9bn

2024: £4.8bn

£14.5bn |16.93p | 14.07p

2024: £13.3bn 2024: 16.67p 2024: 4.10p

Full-year dividend Free cash flow (FCF)

per share

4.50p

2024: 4.16p

Underlying return on
invested capital (ROIC)

29.9% || £219m

2024: £228m

2024: 26.2%

Non-financial highlights

Lost time incident
frequency rate (LTIFR)

3.6 per . So

Employee
engagement

71 ._points

1m hours
2024: 4.9 per 1m hours

2024: 72 points

r) . ®

Read our KPIs on pages 18 and Read our Group Chief Executive's Read our Impact report
19. Definitions for KPIs can be Review on pages 6 to 9. on pages 34 to 65.
found in the Glossary on pages

236 and 237.

Serco Group ple | Annual Report and Accounts 2025 | 1

f en a ‘
Strategic Report £ Corporate Governance {Financial Statements f Other Information

At a Glance

Our Purpose, Vision and Mission...

Purpose Vision Mission

Impact (EX Bring together

. ‘ight people
a better The partner of choice jh technology @

futu re to governments ‘ » right partners

globally to deliver positive impact

.Sit at the core of our Strategy - which is executed through three interconnected
priorities we use to’continually refine our portfolio and how we operate.

© Read more on pages 12 to 17.

Working in partnership with our stakeholders to meet and exceed their expectations

So

We monitor progress through our KPIs, ensuring we have visibility of our financial
and non-financial performance
@ Read more on pages 18 and 19

Everything we do is underpinned by our Values - the principles that define our
culture and behaviours

Innovation

@ Read more on pages 37 to 44

Serco Group ple | Annual Report and Accounts 2025 | 2

C Corporate Governance

At a Glance continued

wee _-
C Financial Statements ° C Other Information

See ee A ce - ae ~ oY See ee ~
250+ 650+ | 54k+
countries contracts ' colleagues

i
re a ee - 4 ee eee
Our sectors

|e
Pusticelsg

f

Protecting national
and international
security interests.

Safeguarding the
communities in
which we operate.

Impacting the lives
of citizens and
communities.

Enhancing public
sector infrastructure,
patient experience

Health &
Other Facilities

Management

Facilitating safe and
efficient movement of
people and goods.

and care quality.

£2,097m

Adjusted revenue

39%

£1,589m

Adjusted revenue

29%

£849m

Adjusted revenue

16% 9%

£462m

Adjusted revenue

£395m

Adjusted revenue

7%

All revenue numbers above include our reported revenue plus our share of revenue from joint ventures.

Where we operate
Serco's operations are across four geographical

Divisions: North America; UK & Europe; Asia
Pacific; and Middle East.

Adjusted revenue including our share of joint ventures by Division

© NorthAmerica £1,463m 27%
@ UK &Europe —-£3,069m 57%
O Asia Pacific £655m 12%
O Middle East £205m 4%

@© Read our Divisional Reviews on pages 25 to 29.

Serco Group ple | Annual Report and Accounts 2025 | 3

Adjusted revenue
2025

£5,392m

2024
£5,292m

Corporate Governance

Strategic Report f
\

Chair's Statement

C Financial Statements { Other Information

Well positioned with
significant long-term

opportunities

The Board's role is to ensure that

our strategy remains focused on
the areas where Serco can deliver
the greatest impact and

sustainable growth.
Keith Williams
| Chair

1®
| Read our Corporate Governance Report
[ on pages 79 to 134.

As | write my first statement as
Chair of Serco, | am delighted
to have joined a company that
plays a vital role in supporting
governments and citizens across
the world.

Having worked with businesses serving both consumers
and the Government for many years, | see Serco as well
placed to deliver expertise where it is most needed,
particularly in our Defence, Justice & Immigration, and
Citizen Services sectors. The combination of expanding
markets and the deep skills of our colleagues, positions
Serco well to help governments provide crucial services
while driving greater productivity and innovation. These
strengths are a major reason why | am excited to be
leading the Board at this stage in the Company's
development and at a time when our role in supporting
governments as they respond to changing demands
remains critically important.

| joined the Board in August 2025 and became Chair
on 1 January this year. On behalf of the Board, | would
like to express our sincere thanks to John Rishton for
his outstanding contribution over the past nine years.
During his tenure, Serco made enormous progress
and is well set for the future.

Since joining, | have spent time visiting our operations
across the UK and meeting many frontline colleagues.
Their dedication, professionalism, and ability to deliver
in challenging environments have been hugely
impressive. | have also taken part in a colleague forum
to hear views from across the business, held discussions
with major shareholders, and participated in Board
and Committee meetings focused on strategy and
performance. While my initial months have been UK-
based, | look forward to meeting international
colleagues in the year ahead.

Serco Group ple | Annual Report and Accounts 2025 | 4

Corporate Governance

Chair's Statement continued

The environment for governments is changing
significantly and at pace. We are entering a period in
which governments around the world must navigate
budget pressures, growing global instability and a shift
toward digitally delivered services. These forces are
reshaping how governments operate and the outcomes
they seek from partners like Serco. Our ability to design,
deliver, and continuously improve critical services
through integrated operational and digital expertise
closely aligns with these emerging needs. As these
pressures grow, the markets in which we operate are
expanding. This creates significant long-term
opportunities for Serco to grow our role in delivering
mission-critical public services.

With this context in mind, and looking ahead to 2026,
three priorities stand out: pursuing future growth
opportunities, refreshing the Board to support that growth
and helping our management team come together to best
serve colleagues, customers and partners, communities
and shareholders. With new leadership in place, the
Board's role is to ensure their successful integration and
that our strategy remains focused on the areas where
Serco can deliver the greatest impact and sustainable
growth, while continuing to act with integrity and in line
with our values.

,
Financial Statements ‘ Other Information

It is clear there is a significant opportunity to grow the
business. We are well-positioned in large, growing
markets, and by focusing our efforts and further
developing our capabilities, we can take advantage of
our strengths to grow safely, sustainably and profitably.
The current Board has done a terrific job preparing
Serco for its next phase, and given the longer tenures of
some of our Non-Executive Directors (NEDs), now is the
right moment to refresh and support the business while
maintaining the discipline that has strengthened our
foundations. Success will require us not only to deliver
great service today, but also to innovate and develop
new capabilities for the future. The world is more
uncertain than it has been for many years, and we must
remain sensitive to the challenges this creates, acting
with integrity and purpose in all that we do.

Hook forward to sharing our progress in the year ahead,
and to supporting the Company as we continue to
deliver for our customers, colleagues, and shareholders.

Keith Williams
Chair

4 March 2026

Serco Group ple | Annual Report and Accounts 2025 | 5

Group Chief Executive's Review

\
C Financial Statements C Other Information

Enabling critical
government missions

globally

With a focus on sustainable growth,

operational excellence and competitiveness,

we have delivered another year of good

outcomes. Across our growth markets, we

have reinforced our position with expanded

; capabilities that are well-aligned to
customer priorities in Defence, Justice

} & Immigration and Citizen Services.

* Anthony Kirby

Group Chief Executive

To watch Anthony Kirby present our full-year
2025 results, visit serco.com/investors.

In 2025, the Group demonstrated
significant strategic and operational
progress. Our strong performance, as
a trusted and mission-critical partner
to governments globally, reflects the
hard work and dedication of my global
team of over 50,000 colleagues, for
which | am grateful.

Strong performance in 2025

Revenue: £4.9bn, up 3% at constant currency
including 1% organic growth; good progress with
contract wins and growth more than offsetting
immigration reductions in UK and Australia.

Underlying operating profit: £272m, up 1% at constant
currency; reported operating profit of £246m, up 89%.

.

Underlying earnings per share: increased 2% to 16.93p.

.

Underlying operating margin: 5.6%, in line with
medium-term target of 5-6%.

Cash flow: strong free cash flow of £219m, ahead of
guidance of ~£170m following strong collections,
112% trading cash conversion. Average cash
conversion over 100% for last seven years.

* Order intake: £5.5bn, increased 13%; book-to-bill of
114%. Around two thirds of awards in defence. Increased
order book of £14.5bn, 9% higher than end of 2024.
Strong financial position: adjusted net debt £206m,
leverage of 0.7x net debt to EBITDA including funding
£245m acquisition of MT&S and £50m share buyback.
Significantly below target range of 1-2x.

.

Shareholder returns: £50m share buyback completed
in 2025, new £75m buyback announced, to be
completed by half year results bringing total buybacks
since 2021 to £465m. The Board will further review
capital position at half year. Recommended final
dividend of 3.05 pence per share, +8% year-on-year.

Serco Group ple | Annual Report and Accounts 2025 | 6

¢ Corporate Governance

Other information

~
( Financial Statements <

Group Chief Executive's Review continued

In 2025, the Group made significant strategic progress
as we continue to be a mission-critical partner to
customers during a period of heightened geopolitical
tensions and increasing fiscal constraints for
governments around the world.

Against a backdrop of rising government expenditure and
elevated deficits, customers continue to prioritise the
delivery of critical and efficient services - where we have a
proven track record. This is seen across all our priority
markets; justice and immigration, citizen services and
particularly in defence. Governments around the world are
committing to increased spending in the face of global
security challenges; from the UK prioritising the
development of sovereign capabilities, to the US’ focus on
defending the homeland, defence investment is set to be a
priority for years to come. Our £5.5bn order intake, of which
around two-thirds was in defence, book-to-bill of 114%, and
the highest pipeline in over a decade, demonstrate the
strength of demand for Serco's critical services.

Across our markets, the ongoing pressure on
governments to deliver more and better for less
continues to ground our strategy. We are a leader in
helping governments navigate these pressures by
bringing together the right people, right technology and
right partners to address some of their most complex
challenges. The continuing relevance of our expanding
capabilities, and our ability to deliver efficient services at
scale, underpins the confidence we have in our chosen
and diverse markets.

It is through our key strategic priority areas of Growth,
Competitiveness, and Operational Excellence that the
management team will continue to develop and lead our
business in the medium term.

Growth - robust awards & pipeline across our most
attractive markets

We have sharpened our focus on the sectors with the
greatest opportunity - Defence, Justice & immigration
and Citizen Services.

The strategic strengthening of our Defence platform
over recent years through investment in talent, skills and
technology, alongside acquisitions, has allowed us to
deepen our role supporting governments with national
security and critical infrastructure. Our selection to
deliver the UK Armed Forces’ next-generation recruiting
solution is a product of our enhanced defence
capabilities. We have led the overall design and delivery
of this complex service, including the integration of
technology platforms and subject matter experts
through a strong team of international partners. The
mobilisation of this service, the first-of-its kind to cover all
three forces is well underway. We were also proud to

commence the next generation contract to provide
defence maritime services for the Royal Navy and extend
our relationship with the Royal Canadian Air Force at
several of their training facilities.

Our ability to leverage global best practice was evident
in Justice & Immigration, having utilised our experience
and capabilities from the UK to secure the Victoria
Prisoner Transport contract in Australia in the year. We
also retained our contract to manage HMP Dovegate, a
Category B adult male prison, which includes one of the
few Therapeutic Community provisions in the UK. In
immigration, we continue to see demand for our broad
range of services and expertise into the medium term as
policy, conflict and climate change influences cross-
border movements. Having integrated our two EU-based
acquisitions, our ability to manage fluctuating migration
demand through safe, secure and humane operations
was again relied upon by governments across Europe.

In Citizen Services, reform of public services continued to
be in focus as governments looked to integrate new
technology, innovation and efficiency. Our track record
of strong execution helped us extend some long-
standing partnerships, including an initial £110m five-
year contract with Transport for London to continue to
deliver the London Cycle Hire scheme, and in the Middle
East we won a £100m extension with Dubai Airports to
deliver customer services. We also added new customers
to our Citizen Services sector including the BBC.

Competitiveness - focusing our portfolio, investing to
deliver organic growth

During the year we concentrated on the competitiveness of
the entire portfolio. This included a focus on efficiency and
productivity through process improvements, better use of
resources and increased automation which all contribute
towards our increased 2026 margin guidance of c.6%.

In Asia Pacific, our dedicated programme to improve
productivity and right-size the platform has made good
progress throughout the year, following the ending of
the Australian Immigration contract. This has been
supported by the disposal of our small Hong Kong
business, which completed in September, allowing us to
focus our efforts on Australia and New Zealand, where
we have begun to see some new business wins.

In the Middle East, our new partnership with Mubadala,
one of Abu Dhabi's sovereign wealth funds, has created
a leading infrastructure and asset management
operation. Through our operational expertise and
Mubadala’s extensive market presence we see increased
opportunity in this growing market.

Serco Group ple | Annual Report and Accounts 2025 | 7

_ So
Cstatesicnepor —_) C Corporate Governance
“ eee

7 7 N~N
C Other Information ‘

C Financial Statements

Group Chief Executive’s Review continued

Operational Excellence - strong customer retention
rates a recognition of superb delivery

During 2025, we expanded our defence mission
readiness capability through the acquisition of MT&S,
which completed in May. Integration into our back-office
platforms was completed inside six months, with around
900 new colleagues joining the organisation. So far,
MT&S has delivered £180m of contract wins in addition
to the retention of the significant virtual training contract,
known as DMON, which was secured just prior to
completion. We have also exported MT&S capabilities
into existing Serco operations, including to support our
retention of the Australian Defence Force naval training
contract at HMAS Watsons Bay.

Central to delivering operational excellence is the way in
which we motivate, manage and retain our people.
During the year, we streamlined HR systems and
processes, introduced leading-edge technology and Al
to empower our people, and further embedded a
culture of operational excellence across the Group.
These actions resulted in the retention of approximately
3,400 additional colleagues on an annualised basis and
an eight-percentage-point reduction in attrition since
2023. Colleague engagement remains high at over 70
points and has been at or above 70 points in all of the
last five years.

In parallel, we deployed new technology-enabled risk
management systems and our programme of safety
initiatives contributed to a 22% reduction in safety
incidents and over 2,500 fewer lost working days. We
were also proud to retain our top tier position in the
CCLA corporate mental health benchmark and to have
acquired an IS045003 for colleague psychological safety
within our UK immigration business.

Our relentless focus on operational execution is
reflected in how our customers measure our quality. Our
Contractor Performance Assessment Report (CPAR)
scores - the US Government's mechanism for evaluating
suppliers - have consistently exceeded 95% at
satisfactory or better. This has supported a contract
retention rate of over 90% across the Group. Our strong
retention rate and average contract length of around
seven years contribute to our increased £14.5bn order
book at full year.

We also enter 2026 with a management team to drive
Serco ahead in the next phase of our journey. Mark Reid
will become Group CFO when Nigel Crossley retires in
March this year, as previously announced. | look forward
to working with Mark to build on our strong foundations
through the execution of our strategic priorities.

I'd like to reiterate my thanks to Nigel for his significant
contribution to the Group's progress over the last 11
years and the support he has been to me. He leaves the
Group in an excellent financial position, having
contributed to strong cash generation, good capital
deployment and excellent profitable growth. On behalf
of everyone at Serco, | would like to wish him all the very
best for a safe and enjoyable retirement.

Outlook - strategic progress and strong order book
underpins 2026 guidance

Following a year of strong contract wins, we enter 2026
with an increased order book and pipeline, reflecting
our position as a trusted, mission-critical partner to
governments.

Events such as the US Government shutdown and the lag
between spending commitments being announced and
opportunities being realised are a feature of the market.
We expect this to continue in the near term and note the
emerging situation in the Middle East. Fundamentally,
the structural drivers of demand in all our chosen sectors
will continue as governments prioritise national and
international security, resilience and efficiency as
pressure increases on them to do more, and better, for
less. Increased defence spending, public service reform
and strain on justice and immigration systems will remain
features of our markets in the medium term. We are well
positioned to deliver strong operational outcomes,
increased organic revenue growth and underlying
operating profit, good cash generation and continued
strong returns on invested capital.

Looking forward, our strong financial performance
enables us to continue to deliver all aspects of our
capital allocation strategy: investing in the business to
drive growth and efficiency; increasing returns to
shareholders through dividends; maintaining adequate
headroom to fund strategic acquisitions; and returning
surplus capital to shareholders. In this context, we are
pleased to announce a new £75m share buyback to be
completed by the half year results and a dividend
increase of 8%. We will again review the capital position
at half year in line with our capital allocation priorities.

Anthony Kirby
Group Chief Executive

4 March 2026

Read more in our Strategy in Action section
on pages 14 to 17.

Serco Group ple | Annual Report and Accounts 2025 | 8

CccmgueGoannee) (CPronitaonens >) (awn)

. Group Chief Executive’s Review continued

Acknowledgements

Jessica Perez

Human Resources Business
Partner, People, Culture &
Communications

Jessica played a critical role

in integrating around 900

colleagues following the MT&S

acquisition - a strategically

important step in strengthening

Serco’s defence capability. Through her
professionalism, empathy and clear communication,
she preserved trust, engagement and operational
continuity during a period of significant change

As we look back on a year of strong delivery and set our
direction for 2026 and beyond, I want to pause to recognise
the colleagues whose dedication has gone above and beyond.

The Nuyina Crew

Australian Research/

Supply Vessel (ASRV)*

The Nuyina crew pulled

off two of the longest

and toughest Antarctic

voyages in Serco’s

history, resupplying every Antarctic station in one
deployment before pivoting straight into a glacier
science mission. Their precision, discipline and grit
delivered exceptional safety, service, and scientific
support in one of the harshest environments on Earth.

Jakobus Fourie

Contract Manager, feo °.,

Sharjah ANS Nae

Jakobus and the ae,

Sharjah Air ; Wie] >
Navigation Services tp NN ted
(ANS) management team accelerated the
development of the UAE national workforce by
training the first female Emirati air traffic controllers
and increasing national representation across
operational staff to 50%, setting a powerful example
for capability building and inclusion.

H Gordon Smith

EUMETSAT Data Access
System Operations,
Engineering, Europe

When severe storms struck
India’s coast, Gordon stepped

in to coordinate the urgent
delivery of critical satellite data, ensuring authorities
could support evacuations and protect lives. His swift
action and clear communication exemplify Serco’s
value of Trust, showing how individual dedication
can make a real difference when it matters most.

NOMARS Defiant Team, US Maritime
Engineering, Technology & Sustainment

The NOMARS Defiant Team delivered USX-1 Defiant
- the first autonomous vessel designed to run
crewless for a year - resetting the bar for endurance,
innovation, and cost-effective naval power.

John Hewitson
Contract Director,

HMP & YOI Doncaster

John’s leadership at His
Majesty's Prison & Young
Offenders Institute (HMP & YOI)
Doncaster, UK, was recognised
by HM Inspectorate of Prisons,
which noted committed leadership, a well-ordered
establishment, and a positive overall direction. The
inspection also highlighted strong outcomes in
preparation for release, including outstanding
support for family ties.

Image top right: RSV Nuyina in Antarctica breaking ice supplied by AAD.
Photographer Pete Harmsen,

Serco Group ple | Annual Report and Accounts 2025 | 9

Corporate Governance

Our Market

Financial Statements { Other Information.

Helping governments
navigate global change

In 2025, governments faced new
geopolitical tensions, evolving
fiscal priorities, and continuing
conflicts, alongside dramatic
technological shifts. This has
created positive dynamics in
some of our key markets -
particularly defence.

The global government services market remains large,
resilient and growing. As such we remain well-positioned
to capture emerging opportunities through trusted
partnerships and technology-enabled solutions. The
sector, however, has not been entirely insulated from
some of the challenges created by these
macroeconomic developments - from changing
migration patterns to the US Government shutdown.

The Four Forces, which we have long identified as
drivers of demand (see following page), continue to be
present and, in some cases, intensifying. This underpins
our confidence in our market, both in the near and
longer term. Our diverse portfolio and technology
agnostic model will enable us to adapt and thrive as
the market evolves as a result of these forces.

Growing government spending, with an acute
acceleration in defence investment

Estimates put our addressable market around £900bn
and growing at ~3% annually. That said, the precise
boundaries of our market are complex to define -

i.e. the inclusion or exclusion of non-departmental
bodies such as quangos. Nonetheless, the scale and
structural characteristics of our market are clear.

Proxy metrics for our market further evidence these
characteristics, including its size and growth. For
example, UK Government procurement spending
outside the public sector reached £434bn in 2024/25,
growing by 5%'; US Federal Government spending

|. House of Commons Library - Procurement statistics: a short guide.
US Treasury - Fiscal Data: Spending

3. EU Parliament - Budget 2025,
NATO - 5% Defence Expenditure Commitments.

reached $7trn, up 4% year-on-year’; and the European
Union delivered a 6% increase in its spending to
€200bn#. Regardless of the exact figure, the significant
scale, robust growth rate and high barriers to entry
that are features of our market are evident.

In 2025, these qualities of our market