Annual Report and Accounts 2023

serco

WEDNESDAY

Impact
fut

ins

IM

‘oaa24
COMPANIES HOUSE

a better
uture

muse

Our Purpose is to
impact a better
future.

We bring together the right people, the
right technology and the right partners to
create innovative solutions that deliver
positive impact and address some of the
most urgent and complex challenges
facing governments globally.

With a primary focus on serving
governments globally, our services are
powered by more than 50,000 colleagues
working across multiple sectors including
defence, space, migration, justice,
healthcare, transport and customer
services. We operate across four regions:
UK & Europe, North America, Asia Pacific
and the Middle East.

20+

Countries

500+

Contracts

50,000+

Colleagues

For more and the latest information please visit
our website at. www.serco.com

Photo credit for front cover, © Pete Harmsen/Austratian Antarctic Duvision

Contents

Strategic Report
1-92

Highlights
Ata Glence

Chair's Statement

Group Chief Executive's Summary Review
Group Review

aA @woana

3. Divisional Reviews
20 Our Market

22 Our Strategy

24 Our Progress

26 Key Performance Indicators

28 People and Culture

32 Risk Management

34 Principal Risks and Uncertainties
47° Viability Statement

49° Our impact

70 TCFD Compliance Statement
76 Finance Review

88 Section 172(1) Statement

Corporate Governance
93-144

94 Chair's Corporate Governance Overview
96 Governance at a Glance

97 Board of Directors

100 Group Executive Committee

101 Corporate Governance

105 Nomination Committee Report

106 Audit Committee Report

112. Risk Committee Report

114 Corporate Responsibility Committee Report
115. Directors’ Remuneration Report

139 Directors’ Report: Other Information
144 Directors’ Responsibility Statement

Financial Statements
145-231

146 Independent Auditor's Report

155 Consolidated Income Statement

156 Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income

157. Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity

158 Consolidated Balance Sheet

160 Consolidated Cash Flow Statement

161. Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

220 Company Balance Sheet

221 Company Statement of Changes in Equity

222 Notes to the Company Financial Statements

226 Appendix: List of subsidiaries and related
undertakings

229 Glossary

230. Shareholder Information

231 Useful Contacts

Highlights

Corporate Governance

Revenue

£4.9bn

2022: £4.5bn

Underlying operating profit
£249m
2022: £237m

Underlying EPS, diluted

15.4p

2022: 13.9p

Dividend per share

3.41p

2022: 2.86p

Free cash flow

£209m

2022: £159m

Major incident frequency

0.35 per
1m hours

2022: 0.43 per Im hours

Definitions for each KP! can be found in
the Glossary on page 229

Serco Group ple | Annual Report and

Financial Statements

Order book

£13.6bn

2022: £14.8bn

Reported operating profit

£272m

2022: £217m

Reported EPS, diluted

17.9p

2022: 12.8p

Underlying ROIC

21.4%

2022: 20.6%

Employee engagement

71 points

2022: 70 points

Lost time incident frequency

6.07 per
1m hours

2022: 5.78 per 1m hours,

See pages 20 to 25 for more
information on our business

Accounts 2023 11

| Corporate Governance | Financial Statements

At a Glance

What we do

We bring together the right people, the right technology and the right partners to
create innovative solutions that deliver positive impact.

Our vision is to be the partner of choice to governments globally. Our core capabilities
includes service design and advisory, resourcing, complex programme management,
systems integration, case management, engineering, assets and facilities management.

Underpinned by our unique operating model, Serco drives innovation and supports
customers from service discovery through to delivery.

Our Purpose, Vision, Mission and Values

A refreshed way to describe our why, what and how, underpinned by our deep-rooted values.

Impact

a better

future

The partner of choice { ‘ \

to governments globally

Vision

Mission

Bring together PTE
the right technology and
CEE r eure to deliver positive

Values

Q See pages 22 to 25 for more information on our strategy

Serco Group ple | AnnualReport and Accounts 2023 | 2

Corporate Governance Financial Statements

At a Glance continued

Revenue in 2023
Our revenue in 2023 was £4,874m, or £5,347m, if you include our share of joint
ventures and associates.

Our sectors
Our business is focused across five core sectors

8% 16%

Transport
Citizen Services
aN P& 10%
Health &
:

aoe £1,681m £445m

Defence Justice & Transport Revenue by
Immigration sector (%)

Qe 31%

LT ra sates ttonen |
£527m £856m

Health & Citizen Services
Other Facilities
Management

35%

Defence

Our divisions
Serco's operations are delivered across four geographic regions.

A% North America UK & Europe
sev mite £1,363m £2,913m
Asia Pacific
Revenue by
division (%)
25% 55%
North America UK & Europe Middle East Asia Pacific

£226m £845m

Serco Group ple | Annual Report and Accounts 2023 | 3

{including share of joint ventures and associates)

Corporate Governance

' | Financial Statements

Chair's Statement

Serco had another successful year thanks to our
employees, with revenue, profit, cash and returns to
shareholders all increasing. Our strategy continues
to work well and with a sharper focus on operations,
we remain confident about the future.

John Rishton
Chair

The Board's main areas of focus in 2023
were to ensure a successful transition to a
new Group Chief Executive and to
support Management to improve
employee engagement, health and
safety, and improve contract wins rates.

- Mark Irwin became Group Chief Executive on 1 January
2023. The handover from Rupert Soames, his predecessor,
was smooth and Mark has settled well into his role as the
\eader of the organisation. He has sharpened the focus on
operational aspects of our business, an health and safety
and is driving performance with more emphasis on
customers, colleagues and capabilities.

- Health and safety has always been extremely important to us
and was a key focus in 2023, following a higher number of
incidents in 2022. This year saw @ reduction in both the
severity and number of incidents.

- Employee engagement moved from 70, already a high level,
to 71, We continue to evolve our employee value
proposition and it was pleasing to see the improvement,
especially given the tight labour market conditions and cost-
of-living crisis.

Contract win rates were good for both rebids and new work
in the year, reversing the dip experienced in the second half
of 2022. This included the strategically important rebid of
our Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services (CMS) contractin
the US.

Highlights

- Revenue up 7% to £4.9bn, with organic growth of 4%

- Underlying operating profit of £249m, the sixth consecutive
year of growth,

- Free cash flow of £209m, trading cash conversion of 111%,
covenant net debt: EBITDA at the year-end of 0.5x,

- Order intake of £4.6bn.

Growing returns to shareholders, with recommended
ordinary dividend up 19% year-on-year, a share buyback
of £90m in 2023 and further £140m in 2024.

Serco Group pic | Annual Report and Accounts 2023 | 4

Corporate Governance

Financial Statements

Chair’s Statement continued

Our performance

The Company delivered good results in 2023, with revenue,
underlying operating profit and cash all increasing. The
immigration and defence sectors both saw strong demand and
the justice sector also grew. Governments around the world
are facing ever more complex challenges. Serco’s significant
expertise across sectors and geographies gives us a competitive
advantage to support governments to address these challenges.

Acquisitions are an important part of our strategy, and in 2023 we
agreed to buy two businesses, European Homecare (EHC), and
Climatize. EHC, which completed in March 2024, isa leading
private provider of immigration services in Germany. In conjunction
with ORS, the Swiss-based business we acquired in 2022, this
strategic acquisition will create a strong partner for European
governments in immigration services and complement the
support we already provide to government customers in the UK
and Australia. Climatize, which completed in January 2024, is a
small but fast-growing business that operates in the United Arab
Emirates and the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, offering zero-carbon
advisory and related engineering services, The business will
significantly boost Serco’s sustainability advisory capability in
the Middle East with opportunity to scale this across our

other geographies

It was also very encouraging to see the success of some of the
acquisitions we have made in recent years. Revenue at ORS in
2023 was more than double the level of 2021, the year before
we acquired it. Bringing together Serco's capability with ORS’s
European operations enabled the business to scale up in a way
that would not have been possible as a standalone entity. In
the US, we have seen strong order intake in the defence sector
over the last two years, which was made possible by combining
skills from Serco with the NSBU and WBB businesses we
acquired in 2019 and 2021, respectively.

Retums to our shareholders increased again in 2023.
Consistent with our stated capital allocation priorities, we
progressed with our plan of increasing ordinary dividends, as
we continue on our path to reduce dividend cover progressively
towards 3x over the coming years, and returned another £90m
of surplus capital to shareholders through a share buyback.
The Board is recommending a final dividend of 2.27p which

is an increase of 18% year-on-year and has agreed a further
£140m share buyback for 2024.

Strategy

Serco operates in very large, growing markets. The focused
business-to-government (B2G) operating model established
over recent years is delivering competitive advantage and
differentiation, and we believe that this will enable the business
to grow its revenue faster than the market, profit faster than
revenue and to convert that profit into cash. The strategic
framework has delivered strong results in recent years and
remains unchanged. Mark Irwin is bringing @ sharper focus to
our operational performance that will seek to make our
business even better in the coming years. Three strategic
enablers - Customers, Colleagues and Capabilities - were
identified and laid out in our 2022 Annual Report. We have
made good early progress on these in 2023. Successful
execution of our strategic priorities should improve contract
delivery for customers and improved efficiency in our operations;
and we believe that the Group is well positioned to deliver our
medium-term growth targets,

Corporate Governance

One of my most important roles as Chair is to ensure that
Serco has strong governance and risk management. These
responsibilities cover many areas (and are covered in detail in
our Corporate Governance report on page 94), including Board

diversity and effectiveness, remuneration, financial reporting,
as well as environmental and societal considerations

We have a dedicated Risk Committee and we detail our approach
to risk on pages 32 to 46. There were no changes to Non-
Executive Directors during the year.

Our Board tries to enhance its effectiveness by being close to
Serco's people and operations. During 2023, | visited our
businesses in North America, the UK, the Middle East and
Australia. In May, we held our Board meeting in Italy where
some of our key European contracts are based. Our European
business has grown significantly over the last few years and this
gave the Board the opportunity to spend time with the European
leadership team and meet employees and customers to discuss
key areas such as immigration and space. Your Non-Executive
Directors (NEDs) also visited contracts, spending time with the
contract teams and customers in our various markets and
participated in our annual regional conferences.

Dame Sue Owen is the Board's employee representative. We
have a dedicated employee working closely with her and the
wider Group to ensure that the Board understands employee
perspectives and issues. In addition, all NEDs participated in
virtual and face-to-face meetings with employees in each of
our markets to discuss topics that were important to them. We
also have an ‘Ask the Board’ function, where employees are
given the opportunity to anonymously raise issues for our
attention. Ina year where many businesses, including ours,
wrestled with the challenges of a tight labour market and a
cost-of-living crisis, | was pleased our vacancy rates reduced
significantly and engagement scores increased to 71

ESG has always been important to Serco and, as demonstrated
in the Our Impact section on pages 49 to 69, we continue to
adapt and develop our thinking and embed this into our strategy.
We have been clear on our purpose, values and impact on society
for many years. Our customers are governments and frequently
the contracts we enter into have specific measures for areas such
as Social Value and other ESG aspects. With our strong purpose,
mission and vision we believe we are well positioned to deliver
positive outcomes as we focus on our impact and the themes of
People, Place and Planet, all underpinned by strong governance.
More detail on our approach and ESG commitments and
performance is included on pages 49 to 69.

Our Board evaluation during the year was an internal review
and the results were discussed at the December Board
meeting. We took account of last year's feedback when
deciding the areas to be covered by the Board in 2023. The
evaluation concluded that the Board and its Committees
continued to operate effectively. Further information on this
review process and the outcome are provided on page 104

Looking ahead
Governments around the world continue to face complex, fast-
moving challenges on multiple fronts. | believe the strategic
positioning of Serco means we are well placed to be a partner
that can deliver sustainable value to governments. If we can be
responsive, agile and demonstrate value, | am confident we
will deliver sustainable and profitable growth, and create value
for all our stakeholders. To finish, on behalf of the entire Board,
let me express our profound appreciation to the hardworking
employees of Serco, and our many partners, for their
incredible commitment and achievements during 2023.

Bt, Clo

John Rishton
Chair
1 March 2024

Serco Group ple | Annual Report and Accounts 2023 | 5

Jmsctnon Corporate Governance I Financial Statements

Group Chief Executive's Summary Review

We are making good progress in building a resilient
international platform for growth in the government
services sector. Our strong results for 2023 reflect
this progress, with another year of growth in revenue
and profit and continued excellent cash generation.

We enhanced our customer relationships and improved our win rates compared to
the prior year, delivered better safety outcomes for our colleagues, and announced
two strategic acquisitions to strengthen our capabilities.

We have entered 2024 with increased execution focus on service excellence to our
customers, effective conversion of a substantial pipeline of opportunities, the safety
and productivity of our colleagues, and progressing the technology-enablement of
our business, all aligned to delivery of our medium-term goals.

Highlights
- Revenue: grew by 7% to £4 9bn, organic revenue growth of 4%.

- Underlying operating profit: increased by 5% to £249m, a
Mark Irwin margin of §.1%. More than 60% of Group underlying operating
Group Chief —_ Profit derived from outside the UK”.

Executive - Underlying earnings per share: increased by 10% to 15.36p

Cash flow: free cash flow very strong at £209m, trading cash
conversion of 111%.

Adjusted net debt: better than previous guidance at £109m;
covenant leverage at 0.5x EBITDA

Order intake: £4.6bn of wins, order book remains strong at
£13.6bn.

Pipeline: pipeline of potential new work of £10.1bn, +28% since
halt year, highest level ina decade.

- Dividend per share: recommended final dividend per share of
2.27p, +18% year on year.

~ New £140m share buyback in 2024: continuing to return
capital to shareholders as a result of strong trading and cash
conversion consistent with our capital allocation priorities

Updated guidance for 2024: Revenue and underlying operating
profit unchanged, net debt updated to include better 2023
‘outcome and new share buyback.

Serco Group ple | Annual Report and Accounts 2023 | 6

| Corporate Governance

| Financial Statements i

Group Chief Executive's Summary Review continued

In 2023 we made good progress towards building a resilient
international platform for growth in the government services
sector. We delivered growth in revenue, profit and cash, with
all three financial performance measures ending the year
better than our initial guidance. We have also made good
progress executing our strategy with clarity about our Purpose
= to impact a better future; our Vision - to be the partner of
choice to governments globally; and our Mission - to bring
together the right people, the right technology and the right
partners to support our government customers with solving
some of the most complex problems that they face.

We grew revenue by 7% to £4.9bn, with organic growth of 4%,
acquisitions adding another 4% and a 1% drag from currency.
Underlying operating profit increased by 5% to £249m and our
cash generation was again very strong, with 111% profit to
trading cash conversion

In North America, which generates close to half our profit,
organic revenue growth was strong. We secured the rebid for
our CMS contract, one of the largest and strategically crucial
contracts in the Group and we strengthened our order book
with excellent rebid success. Within North America, Canada
continues to grow, and we are seeing our focus on global
collaboration bear fruit with success in winning employment
services work in Ontario, as we entered the sector for the first
time by leveraging our longstanding work in the UK.

Our UK business delivered high organic revenue growth,
margin improvement and good conversion rates for new wins
and recompetes. In Europe, the successful integration of ORS,
which is now delivering revenue more than double the level
prior to us acquiring it, has strengthened our position in
immigration services. We have followed that with the
acquisition of European Homecare, a German immigration
services provider which will complement the work we do to
support governments in the UK, Australia and across Europe.

Our Middle East business had a good year. Although profit
reduced slightly, order intake was high as we saw success in
executing our strategy of repositioning Serco for higher
margin growth in the most dynamic markets in the region, The
development of an advisory business has helped us win work
in new segments, such as sustainability services at the Red Sea
Global megaproject and has expanded our presence in the
exciting new giga-cities of Saudi Arabia

Our Asia Pacific business had a difficult year. Volume-variable
work, which as part of a portfolio we expect to ebb and flow,
reduced in the period, tight labour markets created
operational challenges and new business wins did not meet
our expectations. We took appropriate action, appointing a
new CEO for the business and implementing the necessary
business changes to ensure we are well positioned for future
‘opportunities in what remains an important market for Serco.

In summary, we are pleased with the full year results for 2023
which were the direct result of the hard work and dedication of
more than 50,000 colleagues across the Group. For that we
remain grateful, as we do for the continued trust of our
customers and the support of our shareholders.

After my first full year as Group Chief Executive, | am confident
that we enter this next stage of Serco’s development with
strong foundations and a strategy aimed at delivering
profitable, sustainable growth aligned to our medium-term
goals. We enter 2024 with the largest pipeline of potential new
work in a decade, a business plan to deliver margin
improvement from a rigorous approach to operational
efficiency, a network of partnerships to support technology
enablement and a robust balance sheet providing good
optionality for capital allocation. We therefore see clear
opportunity to sustain the consistent positive results reported
in recent years.

Mark Irwin

Group Chief Executive
Serco - Impact a better future
1 March 2024

To me, impact is not about one
existential event. It is about a
mindset that says everything we
do matters. How we do it matters,
and the outcomes of what we do
matter; then it is about finding a
way for us to be able to measure
that and be accountable for those
better outcomes by working in
partnership with our clients to
impact a better future.

Serco Group ple | Annual Report and Accounts 2023 | 7

Group Review

Corporate Governance | Financial Statements

_— a —

Strong performance and
positive outlook

Strong performance in 2023, positive outlook for 2024 and medium-term

Change at Change at

reported constant

Year ended 31 December 2023 2022 currency currency

Revenue” £4,874m __£4,534m 72% 8%

Underlying operating profit” £249m £237m 5% 5%
Reported operating profit’! £272m £217m 25%
Underlying earnings per share (EPS), diluted” 15.36p 13.92p 10 %
Reported EPS (ic. after non-underlying items), diluted 17.93p 12.79p 40 %
Dividend per share (recommended) 341p 2.86p 19 %
Free cash flow” £209m £159m 31%
Adjusted net debt®! £109m £204m {479%
Reported net debt” £562m £650m (13)%

Summary of financial performance

Revenue, underlying operating profit and underlying
earnings per share

Revenue increased by 7%, or £340m, to £4,874m (2022:
£4,534m). Organic revenue growth was 4% (£199m),
acquisitions added 4% (£174m) and currency was a drag of 1%
(£33m}. Revenue has increased organically as growth in the
immigration and defence sectors, areas we have invested in
significantly in recent years, more than offset Covid-related
work which concluded in 2022. Were revenue from our joint
ventures to be included, it would add a further 5% to the
Group's organic revenue growth, as our VIVO Defence
Services work for the UK's Defence Infrastructure Organisation
continues to experience robust demand

Underlying operating profit increased by $% to £249m (2022.
£237m}, and growth on a constant currency basis was also 5%.
Ongoing demand for immigration services in the UK and Europe,
operational improvement in our existing portfolio, as well as
the successful ramp up of new business signed in prior years,
more than offset a 7% impact from Covid-related work, as well
as lower volumes in Asia Pacific. Improved margins in the UK &
Europe division broadly offset lower margins in the other regions,
underlining the benefit of our geographic and sectoral diversity,
and the overall resilience this brings to our business.

Reported operating profit increased by 25% to £272m. The
growth rate was greater than for underlying operating profit
because of positive exceptional operating ites. Exceptional
operating items of £53.8m resulted from the release of £43.9m
of provisions held for indemnities provided on businesses
disposed of in 2015, predominantly due to the claims period
ending, and £9.9m compensation we received on the early
termination of a contract.

Diluted underlying earnings per share increased by 10% to
15.36p (2022: 13.92p). The percentage improvement was
higher than the increase in underlying operating profit as a 7%
reduction in the weighted average number of shares, due to
our share buybacks in 2022 and 2023, more than offset higher
net finance costs.

The revenue and underlying operating profit performances are
discussed in more detail in the Divisional Reviews

Cash flow and net debt

Free cash flow was very strong at £209m. This was 31% better
than the prior year (2022: £159.1m}, which itself had been a
particularly good outcome. Trading cash conversion was also
very strong at 111%. High conversion of profit to cash in recent
years has been achieved, in part, by intense focus on the cash
management process. An important element of this has been
increased focus on the timeliness and accuracy of issuing sales
invoices, which enables our customers to pay us on time, In
2023, cash flow benefitted from continued good performance
on working capital, including successful collection of some
older debt, the timing of payments on some large contracts,
contract mobilisation dynamics, and the working capital
unwind of lower work levels in Asia Pacific. Average working
capital days were at attractive levels with debtor days of 16
(2022: 22 days) and creditor days of 20 (2022: 21 days). The
reduction in debtor days reflects the factors mentioned above,
some of which are temporary. Including accrued income and
other unbilled receivables, day sales outstanding for 2023
were 38 days (2022: 48 days). Of all UK supplier invoices, 94%
were paid in under 30 days (2022: 87%) and 98% were paid in
under 60 days (2022: 95%}. No working capital financing
facilities were utilised in this or the prior year

Adjusted net debt was £109m at the end of December. This
was a reduction of £95m (December 2022: £204m) despite
£34m of dividend payments to shareholders and £89m being
spent on our share buyback programme, net of fees.

Serco Group ple | AnnualReport and Accounts 2023 | &

Strategic Report

i

Group Review continued

The period end adjusted net debt compares to a daily average
of £232m (2022: £231m) and a peak of £362m (2022: £377m)
The variance reflects free cash flow being generated across the
year, while returns to shareholders - our share buyback and
final dividend - were concentrated in the first half. Receipts
towards the end of the period supported the closing belance
being lower than prior guidance.

Our measure of adjusted net debt excludes lease liabilities,
which aligns closely with the covenants on our financing
facilities. Lease liabilities totalled £454m at the end of
December (2022: £446m), the majority being leases on
housing for asylum seekers under our Asylum Accommodation
and Support Services Contract (AASC). The terms of these
leases do not extend beyond the expected life of the contract
we have with the customer,

Atthe closing balance sheet date, our leverage for debt
covenant purposes was 0.5x EBITDA (2022: 0.8x). This,
compares with the covenant requirement for net debt to be
less than 3.5x EBITDA and our target range of 1-2x.

On 27 February 2024, we issued $150m (£118m) of US Private
Placement loan notes. The notes are equally split into two
series of $75m each with maturities of five and ten years, giving
an average maturity of seven and a half years. The average
interest rate on the new loan notes is fixed at 6.58%, which
compares to a blended rate of 3.97% for the existing notes.

More detailed analysis of earnings, cash flow, financing and
related matters is included in the Divisional Reviews and
Finance Review.

Capital allocation and returns to shareholders

We aim to have a strong balance sheet with our target financial
leverage of 1x to 2x net debt to EBITDA, and, consistent with
this, the Board's capital allocation priorities are to:

- Invest in the business to support organic growth

- Increase ordinary dividends to reward shareholders with a
growing and sustainable income stream.

~ Selectively invest in strategic acquisitions that add capabiity,
scale or access to new markets, enhance the Group's future
potential organic growth and have attractive returns.

- Return any surplus cash to shareholders through share
buybacks or other means

Our capital allocation framework was actively applied in 2023

~ Invest to support organic growth: significant investment has
been put into business development, which has supported
our healthy pipeline of new opportunities. In the Middle
East, we have invested in developing an advisory capability
and this has generated good new business wins in the year.
We also invested in new pilot programmes to partner with
both start-up and established technology businesses, as well
as academic and research institutions to create a broader
capability ecosystem from which to deliver future growth

~ Increase ordinary dividends: the Board is recommending a
final dividend of 2.27p per share. Following the interim
dividend of 1.14p, this results in a full year dividend of 3.41p,
an increase of 19% compared to 2022, as we continue on
our path to reduce dividend cover progressively towards 3x
over the coming years

~ Invest in acquisitions: we agreed to acquire European
Homecare (EHC), a leading provider of immigration services
in Germany, and we also agreed to acquire Climatize,
small but fast-growing business that operates in the United
Arab Emirates and the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia offering
"zero-carbon’ advisory and related engineering services. The
Climatize acquisition completed in January 2024 and EHC
completed in March 2024. We continue to assess other

| Corporate Governance

Financial Statements

opportunities that are aligned to our strategy and provide
potential to enhance future organic growth.

- Return surplus cash to shareholders: in 2023 we completed
3 £90m share buyback and the Board has ayreed that it
intends to buy back a further £140m of the Company's
shares during 2024. Net debt to EBITDA was 0.5x at the end
of 2023 and the £140m buyback, applied retrospectively,
would take leverage to 1.0x, the low end of our preferred
1-2x range and the level below which we consider capital to
be surplus

Contract awards, order book, rebids and pipeline
Contract awards

Order intake in 2023 was £4.6bn, a book-to-bill rate of 95%.
Book-to-bill of slightly below 100% reflects a significant
number of bids currently submitted and awaiting decision. Our
win rates in the year improved and have rebounded to the
levels we have delivered on average over recent years,
following a dip in the second half of 2022.

There were around 60 contract awards worth £10m or more
each. As in 2022, North America had the strongest book-to-bill
at 154%, with robust new order intake in Defence and Citizen
Services as well as the strategically important rebid of our
Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services (CMS) contract.

Our Middle East business showed strong momentum, with full
year book-to-bill of 150%, supported by order intake in the
second half approaching 2x revenue. Around £2.1bn, or 45%,
of the order intake came from North America, £1.9bn, or 41%,
from the UK & Europe, and the Middle East and Asia Pacific
both contributed £0.3bn, or 7%

Approximately 40% of the order intake value was new business
and 60% was rebids or extensions of existing work. The win

rate by value for new work was approaching 35%, while the win
rate by value for retaining existing work was approximately 90%.

New wins included a £350m five-year contract to deliver
functional health assessments in the south-west of England for
the Department of Work and Pensions to determine disability
benefits and a contract to deliver electronic monitoring
services in England and Wales that is expected to be worth
£200m over its initial six-year term. We also secured a £140m,
five-year contract with the Government of Ontario to assist job
seekers develop their skills and match them to employment
opportunities, and a £78m, nine-year contract with the UK
Home Office to run the Derwentside Immigration Removal
Centre. In the UK, increases in the numbers of service users led
to us securing additional immigration accommodation work
that is expected to generate around £300m of revenue in
2024. We also successfully rebid our CMS contract where we
support eligibility determinations for citizens purchasing health
insurance through the Federal Health Insurance Exchanges.
The estimated total value to Serco, subject to workload
volumes, is approximately $690m {£570m) aver its term of just
over four and a haif years, if all option periods are exercised.
Other notable retained work in the year included our driver
examination services contract in Ontario, where we secured a
three-year extension worth an estimated £220m, an agreement
with the Australian Defence Force to continue to provide
logistics and a full suite of base services for their locations in
the Middle East, and our force protection work for the US Navy,
with the new five-year contract expected to be worth
approximately £160m

Serco Group ple | Annual Report and Accounts 2023 | 9

Corporate Governance

j Financial Statements

Group Review continued

Order book

The order book remains strong at £13.6bn at the end of
December (2022: £14.8bn). The reduction during the year
primarily reflected book-to-bill being slightly below 1.0x. Our
order book definition gives our assessment of the future
revenue expected to be recognised from the remaining
performance obligations on existing contractual arrangements.
This excludes unsigned extension periods, and the order book
would be £2.6bn (2022: £1.9bn) higher if option periods in our
US business, which typically tend to be exercised, were
included. If joint venture work was included this would add a
further £1.9bn (2022: £2.0bn)} to our order book.

Rebids

In our portfolio of existing work, we have around 85 contracts
with annual revenue of £5m or more where an extension or
rebid will be required before the end of 2026, with an
aggregate annual revenue of £1.9bn. Contracts that will either
need to be rebid or extended in 2024 have an annual contract
value of around £0.7bn, including our immigration services
work in Australia, which is currently contracted until December
2024. The annual value of rebids is approximately £0.6bn in
both 2025 and in 2026.

New business pipeline

‘Our measure of pipeline includes only opportunities for new
business that have an estimated annual contract value (ACV) of
at least £10m and which we expect to bid and to be
adjudicated within a rolling 24-month timeframe. We cap the
total contract value (TCV) of individual opportunities at £ 1bn,
to lessen the impact of single large opportunities. The
definition does not include rebids and extension opportunities,
and in the case of framework, or call-off, contracts such as ‘ID/
10’ {Indefinite Delivery/Indefinite Quantity contracts), which are
common in the US, we only take the value of individual task
orders into our pipeline as the customer confirms them. Our
published pipeline is thus a small proportion of the total
universe of opportunities, as many opportunities have annual
revenues less than £10m, are likely to be decided beyond the
next 24 months or are rebids and extensions.

Our pipeline was £10.1bn at the end of December, 20% higher
than the £8.4bn level at the end of 2022, an increase of nearly
30% since the end of June 2023, and is now more than double
its pre-Covid level. The pipeline consists of around 45 bids with
an ACV averaging around £40m and an average contract
length of around six years. The pipeline of opportunities for
new business with an estimated ACV of less than £10m totalled
£2.6bn at the end of December, a 4% increase from the £2.Sbn
value at the end of 2022

Acquisitions

We continue to view acquisitions as an important part of our
strategic toolkit, which, if deployed correctly, can add significant
value to the business. They should therefore supplement and be
cepable of delivering new opportunities for organic growth.
Generally speaking, we regard acquisitions as higher risk than
organic growth, so any potential opportunities have to meet our
stringent criteria of being both financially and strategically
compelling. We judge potential acquisitions against three
criteria: do they add new, or strengthen existing, capability? Do
they add scale which we can use to increase efficiency? Do they
bring us access to new and desirable customers and markets?
We also recognise that acquisition opportunities come in
different shapes, sizes and sectors, and a small one can be
strategically important to a region, but not necessarily
significant at Group level. But large or smail, the execution of
all acquisitions is centrally managed by Group and follows the
same rigorous process. Equal focus and discipline is applied to
post-acquisition value drivers such as effective integration and
value realisation from synergy and growth

We announced two acquisitions in 2023

~ in December we agreed to acquire European Homecare
(EHC), for consideration of €40m (£34m). EHC is a leading
private provider of immigration services in Germany. In
conjunction with ORS, the Swiss-based business we acquired
in 2022, this strategic acquisition will create a strong partner
for European governments in immigration services and
complement the support we already provide to government
customers in the UK and Australia. The acquisition has received
competition clearance and completed in March 2024,

- We agreed in December and completed in January 2024,
the acquisition of Climatize, for an initial cash consideration
of AED 9m (£2m) and a contingent consideration of up to
AED 51m (£11m), payable on achieving certain financial
targets. Climatize is 2 small but fast-growing business that
operates in the United Arab Emirates and Saudi Arabia
offering ‘zero-carbon’ advisory and related engineering
services. The business will significantly boost Serco’s
sustainability advisory capability in the Middle East with
possible scalability to other markets.

We continue to seek out and evaluate new opportunities for
acquisition which fit our criteria, and focus on delivering value
from those acquisitions already executed

Our market

The market for private sector delivery of government services
is large and growing. Independent research has put low
estimates of Serco's addressable market at around £715bn.
Further growth is predicted as governments around the world
are facing ever more complex challenges.

We believe that the imperative to provide more, and better, for
less will become even mare urgent in the years ahead, And to
deliver those objectives governments will need to access the
skills, resources, innovation and agility of a partnership.
ecosystem. At the same time, the supply-side is fragmented
and even Serco, a8 3 leading international provider, has only a
small market share. This gives us an opportunity to grow
within, 2s well 2s with, the market.

Serco Group plc | Annual Report and Accounts 2023 | 10