serco

Annual Report

—serco

Contents

Strategic Report
1-114

01 Highlights
02 AtaGlance

04 Our Market

09 Our Management Philosophy

11 Our B2G Platform

13 Strategic Objectives and Achievements
14 Chairman's Statement

16 Chief Executive's Review

27 Divisional Reviews

32 Key Performance Indicators

35 Our people

39 ESG Impact and Integrity

77 Finance Review

92 Risk Management

95 Principal Risks and Uncertainties

105 Viability Statement

107 Section 172 (1) Statement

Corporate Governance
115-178

116 Board of Directors

119 Chairman's Governance Overview

123. Board and Governance

125 Group Risk Committee Report

128 Audit Committee Report

133 Nomination Committee Report

135 Corporate Responsibility Committee Report

137 Compliance with the UK Corporate
Governance Code

139 Remuneration Report

171 Directors’ Report

Financial Statements
179-261

180 Independent Auditor's Report

191 Consolidated Income Statement

192 Consolidated Statement of
Comprehensive Income

193 Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity

194 Consolidated Balance Sheet
195 Consolidated Cash Flow Statement

196 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

253 Company Balance Sheet
254 Company Statement of Changes in Equity
255 Notes to the Company Financial Statements
259 Appendix: List of subsidiaries and

related undertakings
262 Shareholder information
263 Useful Contacts

Serco is a leading international provider of
public services. Our Purpose, or as some
might call it, our mission, is to be a trusted
partner of governments, delivering superb
public services that transform outcomes
and make a positive diffetence to our fellow
citizens.

We gain scale, expertise and diversification
by operating internationally across five
sectors and four geographies: Defence,
Justice & Immigration, Transport, Health &
other Facilities Management and Citizen
Services, delivered in the UK & Europe,
North America, Asia Pacific and the
Middle East.

500+

CONTRACTS

CI

For more and the latest information
please visit our website at:
www.serco.com

EMPLOYEES

Highlights

Strategic Report

Revenue
£4.4bn

2020: £3.9bn

Underlying Trading Profit
£229m

2020: £163m

Underlying EPS, diluted
12.6p

2020: 8.4p

Dividend per share
2.41p

2020: 1.40p

Free cash flow
£190m |
2020: £135m

Major incident frequency

0.36 per
1m hours

2020: 0.43 per 1m hours

“
N

See KPIs on
pages 32-34
for definitions

Annual Report and Accounts 2021

Order book

£13.7bn

2020: £13.5bn

Reported operating profit

£216m

2020: £179m

Reported EPS, diluted

24.4p

2020: 10.7p

Underlying ROIC

23.7%

2020: 19.1% .

Employee engagement
e

70 points

2020: 73 points

Lost time incident frequency

4.1 per 1m
hours

2020: 4.5

See pages 4-12 for
more information
on our market and
business model

Serco Group ple | 01

a2ueuseno9 aeiodio5

squawereys je!ueuly

Ata Glance

What we do

Serco delivers services to governments and other institutions who serve the public

or protect vital national interests.

Serco’s roots go back to 1929, and in 1988 the Group was listed on the London Stock Exchange. Now,
Serco is a FTSE 250 company managing over 500 contracts worldwide and employing more than 50,000

people across our operations.

We deliver services through people, supported by effective
processes, technology and skilled management. Our customers
define what outcomes or services they need to deliver, and we
develop new and more effective ways to deliver them. We provide
innovative solutions to some of the most complex challenges facing
governments, bringing our experience, capability and scale to

Our core sectors

deliver the service standards, cost efficiencies and policy outcomes
governments want. In this way we make a positive difference to the
lives of millions of people around the world, often looking after some
of the most vulnerable and disadvantaged in society and helping to
keep nations safe.

Our business is focused across five core sectors, with revenue in 2021 of £4,425m or £4,663m, including

our share of joint ventures and associates to reflect our total scale in each sector.

Justice &
Immigra

Defence

Transport

Health and
other Facilities
Management

Citizen Services

Some key services
|

t T
Base and operational Custodial services

Rail, ferry and cycle

T T 1
* Integrated facilities Contact centres and

support Asylum seeker operations management case management

Engineering, accommodation Road traffic Non-clinical support Employment and skills
management and Immigration detention management services services
information services services Air traffic control Patient administration Covid-19 related
Space and maritime Detzinee transport and contact services

Environmental services

Leisure services

Citizen Services

services and monitoring
I
Our fundamental role in the functioning of an orderly society
i T | T 1
Defence Justice & Transport Health
Protecting national (mmigration Facilitating safe and Enhancing patient

and international
security interests

Safeguarding those in
our care and beyond

02 | Serco Group ple

efficient movement of
people and goods

Contributing to the
wellbeing of citizens
and communities

experience and
care quality

Annual Report and Accounts 2021

Where we operate

Serco's operations are across four geographic regions:

Americas UK & Europe

£1,120m © £2,370m

Asia Pacific

£908m

Middle East

£265m

Revenue in 2021 (including share of joint ventures and associates)

Our business mix

Serco’s revenue by sector and geographic division:

Revenue by Sector Revenue by Division

Total revenue £4,663m Total revenue £4,663m @}

@ Citizen Services M Defence @ UK &Europe M Americas fee pages 912
ME Justice & Immigration il Health & other FM @ Asia Pacific Ml Middle East on ow business model
BB Transport .

Revenue in 2021 (including share of joint ventures and associates)

Annual Report and Accounts 2021 Serco Group ple |

a2UEUIEADD ayesodsoD

squawareys jernueuly

Our Market

Our core sectors

Defence

Justice &

Immigration

Transport

Management

Citizen
Services

Our markets

United
Kingdom

Continental
Europe

North
America

Asia
Pacific

Middle
East

04

| Serco Group ple

2021 was the second year in which our market — in
common with so many others — was dominated by the
impact of Covid-19, and no one can be sure exactly
how and when things will return to a’ more normal
state. Our expectation is 2022 will be a year of
transition during which the revenues we have
generated supporting governments in their work
responding to Covid-19 fade away, and that demand
will return to more normal patterns of market growth of
around 2-3% per year from 2023 onwards. Our ambition
is to grow our business at about twice the rate of the
market in the medium term.

Serco delivers services to governments and other institutions who
serve the public or protect vital national interests. We focus on five
sectors: Defence, Justice & Immigration, Transport, Health & other
Facilities Management and Citizen Services, and deliver them in
the UK, Continental Europe, North America, Asia Pacific and the
Middle East.

Government as a purchaser of public services -

Governments have two basic responsibilities: to develop policies which meet the needs and
priorities of their citizens, and to ensure that those policies are delivered effectively and at a
Cost which represents value for money. Some policies can be delivered simply by enacting
legislation, relying on individuals and corporations to deliver the policy themselves by acting
in accordance with the law, with the police and judiciary acting as enforcers of behaviour. An
example of this would be a policy that required a speed limit of 20 mph near schools, which
can be enforced by the police in the normal course of law enforcement. Other policies require
substantial specialist workforces to be employed to deliver them. One example would be a
policy that, pending the adjudication of their applications, asylum seekers should be housed
in the community, rather than in detention. Such a policy requires the government to employ
~ directly or indirectly - thie people required to manage housing and welfare services. Another
‘example of a policy that requires a dedicated workforce to deliver it would be air traffic
control, which requires highly qualified staff to be deployed, often to remote locations.

Public services require people

The delivery of many areas of government policy is labour-intensive, and the number of
people involved in the delivery of government services vastly outnumbers those involved in
developing policy. In some countries, government is the largest employer, employing more
people than any other sector or organisation. For example, according to the United States
Bureau of Labor Statistics, nearly twice as many people (22.1 million as at November 2021)

are employed by government bodies as are in manufacturing {~12.5 million as at November
2021) across the US, whilst in the UK the National Health Service is the single largest employer
in Europe.

The labour-intensive nature of government service delivery demands strong management

of the processes to recruit, organise and oversee the hundreds or even thousands of people
required to deliver a public service efficiently. Many public servants are talented managers,
but governments find it hard to attract and retain managers in the numbers required to deliver
services in the face of private sector competition for these skills and current labour shortages
Serco helps governments by being a bridge between the drive, energy and innovation of the
private sector, and the very specific culture and requirements of public service delivery.

The private sector as a supplier of public services
Governments have used private contractors to deliver public policy, often in very sensitive
areas, for centuries. Where the line is drawn between public services that are operated by
the state itself, or by its private contractors, varies greatly over time and across countries.

Annual Report and Accounts 2021

In medieval times, fighting wars and tax collection were often
outsourced, in whole or part, to private enterprise; this would be
unthinkable now in most jurisdictions. The transportation of prisoners
from the UK to Australia, which started in 1788 and continued until
1868, was carried out entirely by private contractors. Today, in the

UK, frontline medical services provided by the National Health
Service, which is widely perceived as a nationalised service, are largely
provided by privately-owned businesses called General Practitioner
Practices, and the vast majority of GPs are employed by private
partnerships and companies rather than by the state. In Denmark,
much of their emergency fire services are provided by private
companies, something which would be anathema in neighbouring
European countries. In the United States, the organisation responsible
for marine navigation marks and buoyage is the US Coastguard,
working on behalf of the federal government; in the UK this vital work
is carried out by “The Master, Wardens and Assistants of the Guild
Fraternity or Brotherhood of the most glorious and undivided Trinity
and of St Clement in the Parish of Deptford Strond in the County of
Kent” - otherwise known as the charity Trinity House. And in defence,
in almost all jurisdictions some of the most sensitive and secret work
is carried out on governments’ behalf by private companies. Nature
never draws lines, she smudges them, and so it is with the private
provision of public services.

Some of the services which governments need in order to deliver
public policy are identical to those required in the private sector,

and suppliers can happily operate in both markets. Running payroll,
supplying stationery or leasing properties is not vastly different in the
public and private sectors. But some services - such as running prisons,
providing defence or providing air traffic control - are unique to
government and have no private sector equivalent. Many government
services are bought only by government, and providing them is a
specialist business, quite different from anything found in the private
sector. However, many of them can be run most efficiently on behalf
of government by private companies using techniques, management,
technology and processes developed in the private sector.

Unique demands of public service delivery create
barriers to entry

Providing government services to citizens, funded by taxpayers,

is different, and in many ways more demanding, than providing
services to the private sector or consumers. Politics, reputational
risk, transparency and accountability to multiple stakeholders are
sometimes seen only dimly in the private sector, but are writ large in
the public sector, and need careful management.

Public procurement regulations are set by each jurisdiction and

are far more complex than those generally seen in the private

sector. Governments like to use their expenditure to further their
policy initiatives, be it around diversity, targeting investment in
particular geographies, governance or environmental goals. They
set onerous financial reporting, audit, cyber, national security and
information standard requirements. All these things make the market
for government services tangibly different from its commercial
counterpart.

It is not controversial to say that efficiency, fle and dynamism
are not always core skills of government administration, and Serco has
deep expertise in providing a bridge between the skills and culture
of the private and public sectors. Overlaid on our private sector
techniques, drive and energy is a public service ethos that means

we can help deliver government services efficiently, but in a way that
recognises the need for public accountability and trust, and the fact
that we are often looking after some of the most vulnerable and
disadvantaged people, or most vital services, in society.

‘Annual Report and Accounts 2021

Supplying governments requires unique skills and imposes significant
cost and complexity. The combination of these market characteristics
has the effect of creating barriers to entry that aren't apparent at

first glance.

More recent history

For nearly thirty years between 1980 and 2010, Serco grew rapidly

as the market for outsourcing public services developed around the
world. Inspired by Thatcherism and the policies of President Reagan,
privatisation and outsourcing became popular in many countries and
drove rapid growth of an industry that had barely existed before.
Suppliers became highly profitable and skilled at extracting value
from government contacts.

As the global financial crisis of 2008 took hold, governments began
to urgently seek ways of reducing costs, and the private sector, now
representing a significant proportion of government expenditure,
became the object of close government attention. Following the
ending of the war in Afghanistan, military expenditure was sharply
reduced, particularly in the US. 2010 saw in the UK the election of
the Conservative-Liberal Democrat Coalition, with an avowed intent
of reducing the deficit, and as a statement of intent demanded
rebates of hundreds of millions of pounds from contractors; more
importantly, the UK Government strengthened its commercial teams
and procurement practices and set about transferring as much risk
as it could to the private sector. It appeared to be a conclusion of UK
Government at the time that if risk transfer was a benefit to them of
outsourcing, surely the more risk you could force suppliers to take,
the better. In the US, ‘Lowest Price, Technically Acceptable’ was
increasingly used instead of an approach of overall ‘Best Value’ as a
tender evaluation methodology.

‘Whilst these sorts of shifts in demand and in the relative power of
customers and suppliers are common to all markets, the difference
in dealing with government is the fact that government is often

2 monopoly purchaser; only governments buy prisons, defence
services, or care of asylum seekers, so when they change their
direction it can have very profound impacts on their supply chain.

The story of the UK government services outsourcing industry has
been one of acute difficulty for much of the period since 2010.
Over-supply, aggressive behaviour by both government and
suppliers, and the ill-advised transfer of risks that private companies
had no way to mitigate or manage led to the near-destruction of a
once thriving industry, as multiple companies suffered huge losses on
government contracts. As a consequence, the UK Government is now
faced by a much more wary, and less vibrant, supply chain. Having
discovered that it could attract new international competition into

the market because barriers to entry seemed low, it has subsequently
discovered that the barriers to exit from the market were genuinely
low. An illustration of this is the number of responses the Government
receives from suppliers to its tenders. In 2013, just 4% of public
tenders in the UK had only one supplier respond but by 2020 this had
increased to 20%".

Having swung too far in favour of contractors, the balance of
power in the public services market in the UK swung too far back to
government after 2010; itis, we believe, beginning to work its way
back towards a more balanced and sustainable position, and in recent
years the UK Government has developed a series of “playbooks”

set out common approaches to procurement which over

ime should improve the attractiveness of the market. This moving

of the relative power between buyer and seller is common to many.
markets as they mature, and we believe that if governments and their
suppliers recognise the consequences of their past excesses and

* Source: Spend Network

Serco Group ple | 05

a1Bayens

2
3
8

aaueusenos aje10d105

squawarers jelueuly

Ou r M a rket continued

work co-operatively it will become possible to anchor the balance of
power between customer and supplier in a place that delivers value
for money for taxpayers, high quality and reliable services to users,
innovation and improving efficiency, as well as fair returns to suppliers,
which will in tum ensure that government benefits from a vibrant and
diverse supply chain.

‘Since March 2020, the Covid-19 pandemic has had a profound,

but essentially ephemeral, impact on the government services
market. It has led to very large increases in expenditure in nearly all
jurisdictions; much of which has been financial support to businesses
and individuals, followed by provision of health services, vaccine
development and purchase, establishment of testing laboratories
and test kits. Across the whole of government's response, the private
sector was mobilised to support their efforts, and there is widespread
appreciation across governments that the private sector responded
well to the extreme demands placed on it. The private sector has
proved itself an invaluable partner to governments throughout the
crisis, be it through developing vaccines, contributing management
expertise, providing vastly increased virus testing and diagnostic
capability, setting up emergency hospitals and more. And all at
record speed

We expect ~ indeed for all our sakes, hope — that demand for these
services (which generated revenues of over £900m for Serco in
aggregate in 2020 and 2021) will reduce significantly in 2022, and in
cour commentary and forward discussions of market size, we base our
statements from a normalised base of 2022.

Drivers of demand

All about us markets are being disrupted and fundamentally changed;
we live in @ world where the largest retailer owns no shops, the
largest taxi service owns no vehicles, the largest social networks own
no content and the largest provider of overnight accommodation
‘owns no property. In nearly every commercial market, disruption and
change and long-term uncertainty are the norm.

In comparison, the business of government appears an island of
stability; not unchanging, but certainly not disrupted or up-ended on
anything like the same scale as commercial markets. Governments
are, and will continue to be, required to deliver services to their
citizens - be it in defence, transport, health, education or social care

= and whilst the balance and mix might change or differ between
jurisdiction, the essential job of governments of collecting taxes which
they then use to provide services to the benefit of their citizens is
highly unlikely to alter in our lifetimes.

We have developed a model which describes drivers of demand for
‘our services, which we call the Four Forces, comprising

= Demographic, technology and geopolitical changes -
principally. ageing populations, but also the increasing cost
of defence and public infrastructure, which will drive
demand for public services at rates above GDP growth

~. The need to reduce public debt and expenditure deficits,
made all the more acute by the increases in expenditure
necessitated by Covid-19

— Rising expectations of service quality amongst public service
users; and

= The unwillingness of voters and corporate taxpayers to
countenance significant tax increases.

These Four Forces give, in our view a structural under-pin to the
enduring need for governments to provide more public services,
of higher quality and resilience, for less money. In short “more, and
better, for less”.

06 | Serco Group ple

The evidence that private companies can help governments deliver
“more, and better, for less” is compelling. Research on outsourced
services, commissioned by the Serco Institute, and carried out by
Capital Economics, the independent economic research consultancy,
has found:

“The evidence from areas that have been subject to
competition suggests that it is possible to deliver services
more cost efficiently without damaging service quality...”

= "Our analysis on prison management, soft facilities
management in healthcare and air traffic control suggests
that potential average savings to the government of
between 5% and 15% from introducing competitive markets
is a relatively conservative estimate..."

- And perhaps most importantly: ”...the private sector
typically delivers services to the same standard or better
than the public sector.”

So, on this foundation of rare stability of need is built the market for
the provision of public services by private companies.

Alarge and growing market
People ask: how large is the market for the private sector provision
of public services? This is hard to determine with precision, as the
boundaries of the market are fiendishly hard to define. Does the
maintenance contract for a mainframe computer operated by the
government fall within the definition of the market? How should we
treat services provided by government-owned agencies operating
‘onan arm’s-length basis? Within Defence, do we count supply and
support of, say, missile systems, or just the types of services we
currently supply? And how do we disentangle the very different
definitions of, and accounting for, expenditure used by the various
governments with whom we deal? The boundaries are also forever
‘moving as governments take decisions to outsource new services or
insource old ones, and as Serco stretches its addressable market into
new areas through acquisitions and building new capabilities.

Over the years, and most recently in 2021, we have commissioned
work to try and size the market in the sectors and geographies we
currently operate in, which are clearly a subset of the global market.
In the latest exercise we used two independent research firms —
Renaissance Strategic Advisers and Oxford Economics - to estimate
market size and growth rates, from which we have formed our own
central estimates. We estimate that total spending by governments
on outsourced services in the markets in which we operate is around
£715bn, which we estimate represents around 65% of the world
market, excluding China and Russia, and that our market share is
between 1% and 3%, depending on whether we look at segments
we operate in or the market as a whole. And we estimate that once
Covid-19 expenditure has normalised the market will grow at around
2-3% per year in the medium term. Rather than concentrate on the
absolute number, which is likely to have a significant margin for error,
some key conclusions from our work are:

- The market for private sector delivery of government
services is very large.

~ The supply-side is fragmented; as a leading international
supplier, our market share within our existing footprint,
at around 1%, is small, although it is larger in some specific
segments within certain sectors,

- The markets likely to continue to grow, but given our small
market share, there is ample opportunity for us to grow
faster than the market.

Annual Report and Accounts 2021

."The challenge facing governments worldwide
can, like our strategy, be simply expressed:

to deliver more, and better, for less.”

The impact on the market of Covid-19

As discussed above, it will take several years for governments’
expenditure patterns to settle down following Covid-19. The
immediate aftermath will probably focus on continued need

for surveillance of the virus, and catching up on areas of normal
expenditure that were put on hold during the pandemic, such

as in healthcare, court hearings and defence infrastructure which
have been put predominately or substantially on hold during the
pandemic. Overall, while it is true that in some areas arguments
about the importance of national self-sufficiency might make some
governments consider doing more work in-house, we don't think that
this will happen on a scale that is meaningful; the private sector has
responded extremely well to governments’ emergency requirements.
This will, hopefully, remind governments of the value of resilient,
robust supply chains which can support them in both ordinary and
extraordinary times. Nor do we anticipate a lot of change from
Covid-19 in our basic business model of offering public services
delivered by people supported by good systems and processes.

On the contrary, we know that governments will be massively more
indebted than they were before the crisis and that citizens will be
more in need, as well as more demanding, of public services critical
to rebuilding society and quality of life - be that services to deal
with unemployment, training and skills gaps, social care reform,
acute healthcare capacity, building national resilience, sustainable
transport growth and more. We think the ‘Four Forces’, which we
have previously described as driving demand for our services,

will be amplified by the crisis: increasing and changing demand

for public services; heightened expectations around the quality

and resilience of public services; increased fiscal deficits; the dire
political consequences of increasing taxes. These will continue to
drive governments to want to deliver more public services, of higher
quality, for less money. We believe that this imperative to provide
more, and better, for less will become even more urgent in the years
ahead, and to deliver those objectives governments will need the
skills, resources, innovation and nimbleness of the private sector.

The impact of technology on public services

There are areas of government where technology is transforming
public services: many of the UK Department of Work & Pensions
systems are now on-line and across the world governments deployed
new IT systems to manage Covid-19 responses. Serco often

helps governments in the development and deployment of these
systems, and in our Citizens Services business we have developed
sophisticated multi-channel applications and use robotic process
automation extensively to deliver services. We also have a unique
in-house consultancy called ExperienceLab which helps design public
services. However, we are confident that many public services will
continue to require people not just IT to deliver them, in whole, or

in part. In 30 years’ time, sick people will still go to hospitals, and
when there they will have their rooms cleaned and food served
predominantly by humans. And when people break the law they may
be sent to prison where custody officers will look after them; and
complex defence infrastructure such as near-space radar will still be
maintained predominantly by human beings, who will need to be
security cleared, again by other human beings. The bank teller or
lorry driver or shop assistant may be rightly fearful that technology
will disintermediate their role, but a prison custody officer or hospital
porter can sleep soundly in the knowledge that his or her skills are
highly likely to be required for years to come.

Annual Report and Accounts 2021

Benefits of sector breadth and geographic reach

Within government, our business is highly diversified. We focus our
activities in five areas of government service: Defence, Justice &
Immigration, Transport, Health & other Facilities Management and
Citizen Services. Between them, these sectors account for a very
large proportion of government expenditure and employ significant
numbers of people in service delivery. And, unlike our competitors,
we have a big geographic reach, with substantial businesses in
Canada, the US, the UK, Europe, the Middle East and Australia.

As well as providing a bridge between the private and public sector,
Serco also provides the international and interdepartmental sharing
of ideas and best practice which governments often find hard to
achieve. New approaches for running prisons and reducing youth
re-offending in the UK come from Australia; hospitals we manage

in the Middle East use processes developed in the UK; likewise, our
Defence business in the Middle East serves Australian armed forces
with fire services using UK and North American expertise. We transfer
our insights, skills and processes from one sector or region to another,
so we can anticipate and meet new challenges for customers. We
know of no other company in our market which offers such a broad
range of services covering front, middle, and back office requirements
across multiple areas of public service delivery, internationally.

Risk management is central to our thinking at both a strategic and
an operational level. In terms of strategy, although being a focused
and specialist B2G business, we think it beneficial, and @ competitive
advantage, to diversify our exposure to individual governments and
sectors. Governments can be capricious; decision-making processes
regularly come to a halt around elections; the attitude to using private
companies can be volatile and political priorities can change in the
blink of an eye, switching discretionary resources from defence to
immigration to healthcare and back again. In this environment, we
believe being diversified both by sector and geography reduces risk
and volatility. Most companies operating in our market are heavily
focused in either a particular sector, or within a geography; in our
market, Serco is a rare beast, operating amongst five sectors and
four regions.

Serco Group plc | 07

BaueUsen05 aiei0dso>

squawarers jelsueuty

Our Market continued

But management of risk is only one reason we favour a strategy of
operating across a number of jurisdictions and sectors. Governments
across the world face similar challenges, and we believe that we

can gain competitive advantage and deliver value to customers by
operating internationally. At a detailed operational level, providing
cleaning and catering services in a hospital is very similar in Western
Australia and in the Middle East or indeed, the UK. In terms of
capability, many of our contracts employ hundreds, and some,
thousands, of people, so recruitment, training, staff rostering and time
management are key capabilities applicable across all our sectors and
geographies. The same is true of project and case management; we
are also able to adopt consistent approaches to key operational tools
such as continuous Improvement.

Finally, although in their own country a national government can wield
the power of a monopoly purchaser, every country has a government
(or multiple governments if you consider state and local bodies too).
In this market, agile suppliers with an international footprint together
and a range of service offerings, can move to where the demand

is and where they can get a fair return for the risk they take on, but
governments cannot.

Market - summary

The market for the provision of public services for private companies
is very large indeed, at an estimated £715bn per annum. Serco’s
market share is estimated to be somewhere between 1% and 3%,
and for reasons we explain later, we believe we can grow at about
twice that rate from 2022 onwards. Since 2017, Serco’s revenues have
grown by 50% - a compound annual growth rate of 119%. Underlying
Trading Profit over the same period has grown from £69m to £229m —
a compound annual growth rate of 35%. This illustrates our ability to
grow faster than the market and increase our market share.

We believe that the long-term pressures to deliver value for money,
increasing demand for public services and the need to improve
service delivery will ensure that the role of the private sector in the
delivery of public services will remain assured, The challenge facing
governments worldwide can, like our strategy, be simply expressed:
to deliver more, and better, for less, and they cannot do this without
the support of the private sector. Technology will have an impact on
the delivery of government services, but many frontline services will
still need the social and emotional skills that only humans provide,
and we believe the principal method of delivery of many government
services will remain human beings for years to come. And the
employment of people in the reliable delivery of public services is
what we do, and we do it very well.

08 | Serco Group ple

Annual Report and Accounts 2021

Our Management Philosophy

We have a simple and clear management philosophy, illustrated below, that we
apply across our business. It is designed to provide an approach that will deliver
value to our customers, shareholders, and to the people who work in the business.

099099

4]
F
&
9
2
g
8

fe)
g
3
Q
3
3
fa)
g
Our Purpose - what we want to be 8
3
. . . . 8
A trusted partner of governments, delivering superb public services that transform outcomes
and make a positive difference for our fellow citizens
Our organising principles
D
a
a
Flair, agility, innovation Loose-Tight management Rigour, discipline =
Empowerment Common processes %
Disciplined entrepreneurialism g
Decentralisation of execution Centralised intent §
3
Our method
Winning good business A place people are proud to work
Being the best-managed company LH

in the sector
Executing brilliantl Profitable and sustainable
9 ly

Our longer-term deliverables

Revenue growth Trading margin Employee engagement
4-6% 5-6% 70 points or above

Our management philosophy starts with our Values and ends with our deliverables.

Our Values

Whilst we use technology and processes, the core of our business two o'clock in the morning; why a hospital cleaner stops on their

is people - many thousands of them - delivering public services. It_ round to chat to an anxious patient; why an engineer crawls into an

is of central importance to our success that our colleagues, many of —_impossibly small space in the bilges of an aircraft carrier to make sure
whom are former public servants, and our customers, know that we _the cable-ties are secured coriectly so they will stay secure in storm

have values appropriate to a company delivering services paid for by or battle. It is because they care about their work, they know the work
taxpayers to often vulnerable and disadvantaged citizens. "Working _they do is important, and they take pride in doing it well

at the leading edge of technology" may be inspiring to people

working for IT businesses, but they are not reasons why a prison

officer makes a cup of tea for a tearful and frightened prisoner at

Annual Report and Accounts 2021 Serco Group ple | 09

Our Management Philosophy continued

Before our customers will award us sensitive work, they have to trust
us. And to win business we have to come up with innovative solutions
which will enable governments to deliver more, and better, for less.
This is why our values of Trust, Care, Innovation and Pride are so
important. We don't pretend to be saints, or to be holier-than-thou;
we are not so naive as to believe that in a workforce of over 50,000
people there will not be some uncaring bad eggs, and we can reliably
say that around the world, every day, at least one of our employees
or subcontractors is behaving badly; this is one of the reasons why we
invest so much time and effort into controls and assurance processes.
But the overwhelming majority of our colleagues are decent, hard-
working, committed and want to make a positive difference to those
they serve. Never have we seen this more evident than over the last
two years, when throughout the Covid-19 crisis Serco colleagues
stuck by their commitment to deliver to customers and citizens
despite the risks that doing so posed to themselves and to their
families. In this, we reflect the values of our customers, which they
call a “public service ethos”, and we call our Values.

Our organising principles
Our organising principles have to reflect the fact that many of the
things our customers want are contradictory: they want excellent and
resilient services, delivered by highly motivated staff, but they want
them to be low cost; they want local accountability and flexibility,

but they also want strong governance and risk management. As a
management team, we believe in the principle of subsidiarity: that
decisions should be taken by managers who are as close to the
customer as possible. But we are also conscious of the fact that many
of our contracts carry with them risks that need careful management
and supervision. So, we describe our organising principles with two
concepts: ‘loose-tight’, and ‘disciplined entrepreneurialism’. Neither of
these is our own invention; they are based on the work of, respectively,
Tom Peters and Jim Collins. They describe in subtly different ways an
approach to management which recognises the need for both local
management autonomy and strong governance. Two quotations

from their works give a taste of the type of organisation we are trying
to achieve:

“Loose-Tight... is the coexistence of central direction and
maximum individual autonomy. ...Organisations that live by the
loose-tight principle, are on the one hand rigidly controlled,
yet at the same time allow (indeed insist on), autonomy,
entrepreneurship, and innovation from their people.”

Tom Peters: In Search of Excellence

“Avoid bureaucracy and hierarchy and instead create a culture
of discipline. When you put two complementary forces together
- a culture of discipline with an ethic of entrepreneurship - you
get a magical alchemy of superior performance and sustained
results.”

Jim Collins: Good to Great

The addressable

market will grow at

~2,3% per year on
average

Revenue will grow
about twice as fast as
the market

a
2-3%
Market CAGR over the
medium term

a
4-6%

revenue Tradin:

Profit will grow faster
than revenues as
margins increase

a
5-6%

Profit Margin

Organisationally we structure ourselves with three types of function:
Divisions, Group and Shared Services. All operational delivery is
executed through four geographic Divisions: UK & Europe, the
Americas, Asia Pacific and the Middle East. Within their domains,
Divisions are responsible for everything involved in winning and
delivering contracts; 98% of our employees work in these Divisions.
Alean Group function provides governance, strategy, asset allocation,
policy-setting and controls and assurance roles, as welll as certain
specialist consolidation and functional roles in Finance, Legal,

Risk, ESG, Insurance and HR. The Group also manages Centres of
Excellence (CoEs) which provide focused expertise and support to the
Divisions and enable sharing of best practice and the development
‘of common propositions in areas such as Justice & Immigration,
Maritime and Health. Shared Services provide common functional
and operational support in areas such as IT, procurement, HR and
finance to the Divisions.

Our method - the strategic priorities to achieve

our aspiration

The method we use to deliver our strategy and our aspiration to be
the best-managed business in our sector is to concentrate on doing
four things really well. These are the four strategic priorities we want
Serco to be famous for:

- Winning good business.

= Executing brilliantly.

= Being a place people are proud to work.

- Being profitable and sustainable.

We try to make sure that everything we do improves our performance
against one or more of these objectives, and start from a position
where we know we can do better. We can improve the way we bid
and manage contracts; develop innovative propositions; measure
performance; reduce the cost and improve the quality of our
administrative systems and processes. We can also continue to
enhance our controls, assurance and compliance processes, and the
robustness of our ‘three lines of defence’. None of these comes easily
or quickly, and we need to steer a tricky course between the need to
reduce our costs relative to revenues in the short term and investing
in systems and processes that will produce sustainable benefits in the
long term.

Our medium-term targets

(Our revenues declined organically in each of the five years from 2014
to 2018, before turning to growth in 2019. Between 2017 and 2021, our
revenue grew at a compound annual rate of 11% and our Underlying
Trading Profit grew at a compound annual rate of 35%, with our
margins improving from a nadir of 2.3% in 2017 to 5.2% in 2021

In the last two years, a significant amount of our growth has arisen as
a result of services delivered supporting governments in the Covid-19
response, and we expect that to reduce very significantly in 2022, with
profits and revenues lower in 2022 than in 2021

Opr new medium-term financial targets are that, from a base in 2022,
we expect

Shareholder returns
to grow faster than
profits

Strong conversion of
profit into cash

~~
>80%

Cash Conversion

y
>4x » 3x

Dividend cover +
share buybacks

Underpinned and enhanced by value-adding M&A

10 | Serco Group ple

Annual Report and Accounts 2021