Serco

f wean

MP,

Annual Report
and Accounts
2018

serco

Contents
StrategicReport_ | Serco Group plc is a leading provider of public
oe nden services. Our purpose is to be a-trusted partner
06 Chairman's statement of governments, delivering superb services that
oe fanomance Indicators transform outcomes and make a positive
1 ur Market + “ge
15 OurBusiness Model difference to our fellow citizens.
16 Our performance framework and

strategic priorities . . . ipo.
18 Strategy implementation We gain scale, expertise and diversification by
20 Chief Executive's Review operating internationally across five sectors and
28 Divisional Reviews . . . .
34 Finance review four geographies: Defence, Justice & Immigration
52 Risk Management Transport, Health and Citizen Services, delivered
Se aetee cee emaines in the UK, Europe, North America, Asia Pacific
66 Corporate Responsibility and the Middle East.

Corporate Governance

84 Board of Directors

86 Chairman's governance overview
89 Board and Governance

91 Group Risk Committee Report
94 Audit Committee Report

100 Nomination Committee Report

102 Corporate Responsibility
Committee Report

104 Code compliance

106 Remuneration Report -
implementation

126 Remuneration report - policy
summary

132 Directors’ Report
-138 Directors’ Responsibility Statement

Financial Statements
140 independent Auditor's Report

151 Consolidated Income Statement

152 Consolidated Statement of 500+
Comprehensive Income

153 Consolidated Statement of CONTRACTS
Changes in Equity

154 Consolidated Balance Sheet
155 Consolidated Cash Flow Statement

156 Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements

222 Company Balance Sheet

223 Company Statement of Changes in
Equity

224 Notes to the Company Financial
Statements

228 Appendix: List of Subsidiaries

231 Appendix: Supplementary
Information

50,000+

232 Shareholder Information EMPLOYEES
233 Useful Contacts

| For more and the latest information please
== visit our website at: www.serco.com

Strategic Report

Revenue
£2,83/7m

2017: £2,951m

Underlying Trading Profit
£93.1m

2017: £69.3m

Underlying EPS, diluted

5.21p

2017: 3.36p

Free Cash Flow

£25.0m

2017: (£6.7m)

Annual Report and Accounts 2018

Order Book
£12.0bon

2017: £10.7bn

Reported Operating Profit
£80.5m

2017: £21.1m

Reported EPS, diluted
2017: 764) P

Employee Engagement

6/ points

2017: 56%
(see KPls on page 11 for change of definition)

SercoGroup ple | 03

g
o
2
a
@
U
g

aaueusenod 23210005 ]

ausuaies 0600 | |

At a glance

What we do

Serco delivers services to governments and other institutions who serve the
public or protect vital national interests. :

Serco’s roots go back to 1929, and in 1988 the Group was listed on the
London Stock Exchange. Now, Serco is a FTSE 250 company managing
over 500 contracts worldwide and employing over 50,000 people across
our operations.

We deliver services through people, supported by scale to deliver the service standards, cost efficiencies
effective processes, technology and skilled management. —_ and policy outcomes governments want. In this way
Our customers define what outcomes or services we make a positive difference to the lives of millions of
they need to deliver, and we develop new and more people around the world, often looking after some of
effective ways to deliver them. We provide innovative the most vulnerable and disadvantaged in society and

solutions to some of the most complex challenges facing _ helping to keep nations safe.
governments, bringing our experience, capability and

Our core sectors

Our business is focused across five core sectors, with revenue in 2018 of £2,837m or,
including our share of joint ventures and associates to reflect our total scale in each
sector, of £3,212m

Justice &

. . Citizen Services
Immigration

Defence

£947m £550m £548m £398m £769m

Key services

f

Base and Custodial services Rail, ferry and Integrated Contact centres
operational Immigration cycle operations facilities and case
support detention services Road traffic management management
Engineering, Detainee management Pathology and Middle, back
management transport and Air traffic control non-clinical office and IT
and information monitoring support services services
services Patient Employment and
Nuclear, space administration skills services
and maritime and contact

services

Serco Group ple Annual Report and Accounts 2018

Where we operate

Serco's operations are across four geographic regions:

Americas

UK & Europe

£646m

£1,674m

lo.

8

3

Asia Pacific 3

&

£550m °

Middle East 3

£342m 2

8
Revenue in 2018 (including share of joint ventures and associates). —
2

Our business mix 3
2.

2

Serco’s revenue by sector and geographic division: 3
3

g

Revenue in 2018 (including share of joint ventures and associates),

Annual Report and Accounts 2018 SercoGroup ple | 05

Chairman's Statement

Sir Roy Gardner
Chairman

2018 has been a defining year of
progress in delivering Serco’s
turnaround, and marks an inflection
point for our business. We are moving

through the ‘Transform’ stage to the
‘Grow’ stage as planned, whilst also
taking the opportunity to shape
markets and make acquisitions.

We have stabilised revenue, and, after several
years of decline, in 2018 we substantially
increased profits, generated positive free cash
flow and maintained a strong balance sheet.
Improving service delivery for our customers
and operational performance has also been
pleasing, including driving further cost
efficiencies and excellent progress in
expanding the value of our contract order
book. Effective risk management and
governance also remains at the heart of
securing our future success.

| Serco Group ple

2018 Highlights

¢ Underlying Trading Profit of £93m,
an increase of 34%.

© Order intake of £2.9bn, a book-to-bill
ratio of over 100%.

* Two acquisitions completed and
integrated during the year.

* Strong balance sheet, with reduced
leverage and refinancing completed.

* Positive engagement in the public debate
regarding public services provision.

* Further development of the Board,
governance and effectiveness.

* After a defining year of progress in 2018,
positive outlook for 2019 and beyond.

Serco’s purpose is to be a trusted partner of governments,
providing superb public services that transform outcomes and
make a positive difference for our fellow citizens, whilst
delivering attractive returns to our shareholders and rewarding
careers to our employees. Our approach to achieving this is
through aspiring to be the best-managed company in our
sector, and concentrating on doing four things really well
winning good business; executing brilliantly; being a place
people are proud to work; and being profitable and
sustainable. We have done well in 2018 against these
objectives. | am proud of the work we do and of the progress
being made

Delivering our plan

In 2015, following an operating loss of £1.3bn in 2014 and major
issues with our largest customer, new management set out 2
three-stage plan for Serco: Stabilise, Transform, Grow.
Stabilisation was largely completed in 2015 with the recruitment
of anew management team, recapitalisation of the business
and delivery of a corporate renewal programme.
Transformation then started in earnest, and will continue
through 2019 while also ensuring it is embedded as ‘business
as usual’. 2018 has marked the start of delivering the third
phase - Growth - with Underlying Trading Profit increasing for
the first time in five years.

1am pleased to report that in 2018 we made progress ona
number of fronts. First, we had another year of very strong
order intake, at £2.9bn. This represents a book-to-bill ratio - the
intake value of contracts we add to the order book compared
to how much revenue we are billing our customers - of over
100%, repeating a similar achievement in 2017. Our closing
order book now stands at £12.0bn — the highest level since

2013. The strong order intake underlines the progress we have
made developing our customer propositions and business
development skills. It also reflects the benefit of the balance of
our business internationally and proof of our geographic reach,
with around 80% of our intake in 2018 coming from customers
outside the UK, the second successive year our order intake has
been very largely from markets outside the UK.

Annual Report and Accounts 2018,

Secondly, we have delivered significant growth in Underlying
Trading Profit which increased by 34% from £69.3m to £93.1m,
an outcome considerably better than our initial guidance of
around £80m. Revenue reduced 4% to £2,837m, but was
broadly flat on an organic constant currency basis in the second
half of the year. The profit improvement includes a strong
operating performance together with good progress on
transformation savings and other cost efficiencies, notably from
merging the UK operations into a single entity, as well as
further reducing our other central support costs.

Thirdly, Serco executed two acquisitions during the year,
buying a small US business specialising in the repair and
maintenance of complex naval radio and radar systems, and
buying from the liquidator of Carillion ple six contracts to
provide facilities management services to the NHS; the
acquisition of these contracts added £700m to our order book.
The fact that we were able to execute these two acquisitions
underlines the progress we have made over the last few years.

Fourthly, net debt at-the end of the year was £188m, also better
than our guidance at the start of the year. There is a much-
reduced need for debt in the business, and to that end we
successfully refinanced our Revolving Credit Facility during

the year and with the terms and conditions substantially
unchanged.

Finally, following the collapse of Carillion in January 2018 and
the well-publicised difficulties of other suppliers in the sector,
we engaged energetically in the public debate around the
provision of public services by private companies. In last year's
Annual Report, we proposed “Four Principles” for the
governance of public sector outsourcing. Shortly after, the UK
Government established a process to review the way it
interacts with private service providers. This has been a very
constructive process, run by the Cabinet Office and involving
the supply side as well. Our Four Principles have provided, we
believe, an important contribution to the development of
policy, as well as playing a part in moderating the tone of public
debate and establishing Serco as a thoughtful contributor to
the debate including appearing multiple times in front of
Parliamentary Committees. | am also delighted to mark the
re-launch of the Serco Institute as a platform on which those
interested in the delivery of public services can put forward
their ideas.

You can read more about all of these points in the Chief
Executive's Review on pages 20 to 27.

Looking ahead

As we look ahead to 2019, we expect Underlying Trading Profit
to grow further to be approximately £105m, on revenues
increasing to £2.9-3.0bn. Since the second half of 2016, we have
been making progress on increasing our profit margin - a key
deliverable of successfully implementing our strategy - and in
2019 we expect that further margin and profit progress will be
driven largely by transformation savings, together with the start
of revenue growth from new and expanding contracts.

Annual Report and Accounts 2018

Looking beyond 2019, the rate of margin improvement

and profit growth will increasingly depend on our ability to
grow revenues, and the recent increase in our order book

and some very large contract wins since the start of 2019 give
us confidence that we can do so. The Strategy Review
announced in March 2015 set out a long-term ambition that the
business could grow in line with a market which had historically
grown at 5-7% a year and had enabled peers to achieve
margins of 5-6%. Our plan for increasing margin ~ which at its
lowest was 2.3% in 2017 when Underlying Trading Profit was
£69.3m — was predicated on three factors: first, reducing costs
as a percentage of sales; second, containing losses on onerous
contracts and converting a number of them into profitable
contracts on rebid; and, thirdly, increasing margins by growing
profitable revenues whilst keeping overheads constant or
reducing them further.

We remain on track with our plan to reduce costs. With regard
to reducing the losses on OCP contracts, the recent award of
the asylum seeker accommodation contracts will give a major
boost as we move from significant losses under the old
programme to new contracts that are expected to be
profitable. However, demand in the UK, which is our largest
market, is growing more slowly than its former trend rate, if at
all, which we believe is largely as a result of Brexit being a
distraction to Government having the normal amount of
parliamentary time to progress other agendas such as public
service development. Recent research we have done indicates
that across all our segments and geographies, the current
blended rate of growth is around 2-3%, largely as a result of the
slowdown in the UK market. Given the fact that just under half
our sales are in the UK, we see little likelihood that blended
rates of growth across our markets will increase much beyond
this in the immediate future, unless Brexit itself stimulates
significant additional demand. Longer term, we see no reason
why market growth rates should not revert to the historic levels
‘of growth we foresaw in our 2015 Strategy Review, particularly
given the enduring pressures on governments to relentlessly
improve value for money and the quality of service provision,
which we believe are also attractive structural growth drivers
for increased use of private sector delivery through
outsourcing

Notwithstanding a weaker outlook for market growth, we still
believe in the longer term that we will be able to achieve our
margin target of 5% and hopefully beyond. Even quite small
levels of revenue growth will have a noticeable effect on
margins if we can keep overheads flat or reducing. Unless
unforeseen headwinds or contract losses occur, we expect
Serco’s revenue growth to shift to being ahead of the market
given the improvement in our order intake. The recent wins of
the AASC asylum seekers contract - at £1.9bn the largest
contract we have ever been awarded — and National Garrison
Health Services in Australia support our confidence of
achieving 3-4% revenue growth in 2019. The benefit of these
two contracts into the following year, along with other previous
wins that become operational that year such as Clarence
Correctional Centre (formerly known as Grafton) and the
Australian icebreaker vessel, lead us to expect revenue growth
to improve to around 5% in 2020.

Serco Group ple |

07

an

4a
2
®
Q

aueUsero5 aye10dio> |

squawiareys jeroueuly | |

08

Chairman’s Statement continued

Our Board

Serco’s Board has seen considerable change since | became
Chairman in July 2015. In considering new members of the
Board, we have been determined to have a mix of backgrounds
and experience to ensure that we have a balanced, dynamic
and effective Board.

In November, Mike Clasper, Senior Independent Non-
Executive Director, notified the Board of his intention to

stand down with effect from 31 December 2018. John Rishton,
who was appointed as a Non-Executive Director in 2016,
assumed the role of Senior Independent Director and joined
the Nomination Committee from 1 January 2019. Kirsty
Bashforth, who was appointed as a Non-Executive Director

of Serco in 2017, has replaced Mike as Chair of the Corporate
Responsibility Committee. | would like to thank Mike for his
support as the Senior Independent Director and, on behalf of
the Board, for the extensive contribution he has made to the
Company since joining in early 2014, a period during which the
Board of Serco has had to deal with significant challenges.

| would also like to welcome John to the role of Senior
Independent Director, a position for which his immense
experience makes him well qualified.

Iwas delighted to welcome Eric Born, who joined the Board as
2 Non-Executive Director and a member of the Audit and
Corporate Responsibility Committees on 1 January 2019.

Eric has considerable international, strategic and operational
experience and will add to the strength and breadth of the
Board. The background and experience of each Director are
detailed in the Directors’ Report on pages 84 to 85 and details
of the selection process to the appointments are set out in the
Nomination Committee Report on page 100.

We have continued in 2018 to further develop the effectiveness
of our governance, operational resilience and organisational
change processes. Your Board has also been actively involved in
evaluating individual bids and contracts based on their size or
risk profile, as well as meeting regularly with senior management
responsible for the delivery of the Company's key operations
and for the development of new business. Board members
often visit contracts and meet with members of the wider
management team, and Non-Executives participate in our
Oxford University Serco Management training course, which is
attended by around 30 managers and runs four times a year.

lam pleased to report that we have fully complied with the
provisions of the UK Corporate Governance Code during 2018.
This has included conducting an externally-led Board
evaluation, which was deferred in 2017 given that three new
Non-Executive Directors had joined that year, and so was.
carried out later in 2018.

The Board believes that strong governance is a vital
component in the long-term success of the Company; further
detail on our structures and processes, including
recommendations from the Board evaluation, are set out in our
Corporate Governance Report on pages 83 to 138, as welll as
the Committee reports.

| Serco Group ple

Dividends

The Board is not recommending the payment of a dividend in
respect of the 2018 financial year. The Board's appraisal of
the appropriateness of dividend payments takes into account
the Group's underlying earnings, cash flows and financial
leverage, together with the requirement to maintain an
appropriate level of dividend cover and the prevailing market
outlook. Although the Board is committed to resuming
dividend payments as soon as it judges it prudent to do so, in
assessing whether we should resume dividend payments in
respect of 2018, we are mindful of the fact that 2019 is the last
year of significant outflows of cash related to OCPs and
operating exceptional costs, which together will mean that
net debt is likely to increase again 2019, albeit modestly. The
Board will continue to keep the dividend policy under careful
and regular consideration as we progress with completing
the transformation stage and driving forward with the growth
stage of our strategy.

Securing our future success
Your Board is absolutely focused on long-term, sustainable
shareholder value creation, and doing so by promoting the
best interests of shareholders alongside those of our
employees, customers, and the societies and communities

in which we work. Serco has a clear strategy to complete and
embed the transformation of the business and position it for
long-term success in its markets, and is on track to achieve this
through a highly effective executive management team and a
committed workforce that cares passionately about public
service delivery.

We have made excellent progress in recent years turning the
business around from its nadir in 2014, and | am delighted to
report that in 2018 Serco is now growing its profits, has vastly
improved its operational delivery, has a growing order book, a
strong balance sheet, and has re-established its reputation with
its customers.

| would like to thank all colleagues in the business for their
efforts in achieving a very successful 2018, and for their
co to be a superb provider

Sir Roy Gar

Chairman
20 February 2019

Annual Report and Accounts 2018

Key Performance Indicators

We use Key Performance Indicators (KPls) to monitor our performance, ensuring we have a
balance and an appropriate emphasis to both financial and non-financial aspects. In recent
years, we have also evolved and improved our Management Information, including the contract
performance monitoring process which tracks KPls specific to each customer operation,

our monthly management accounts and our Divisional Performance Review (DPR) processes.

our carbon emissions that was presented in this section in
previous years can be found within our Corporate
Responsibility Report on pages 66 to 82. A large number of
other corporate responsibility measures can also be found on
those pages, as well as in our more detailed corporate
responsibility report for the year which is available on our
website www.serco.com.

For each KPI we explain the definition, relevance to our
strategy and the performance in 2018, Aside from adding an
additional KPI (order book), we have made no changes in
2018 to the KPIs presented and therefore there is
comparability and consistency with our focus in the business
and the guidance that we issue. The Finance Review provides
further detailed definitions and reconciliations of our use of
Alternative Performance Measures (APMs). information on

Definition completion of further transformation, has

Trading Profit is defined as IFRS Operating
Profit excluding amortisation of intangibles
arising on acquisition as well as exceptional
items. Consistent with IFRS, it includes Serco’s
share of profit after interest and tax of its joint
ventures and associates. Underlying Trading
Profit additionally excludes Contract & Balance
Sheet Review adjustments (principally Onerous
Contract Provision (OCP) releases or charges),
and other material one-time items as set out

in the Finance Review on pages 34 to 51

Relevance to strategy

The level of absolute UTP and the relationship
of UTP with revenue ie. the margin we

earn on what our customers pay us—is at

the heart of our ‘profitable and sustainable’
business objective, as well as being an output
of winning good business’ and ‘executing
brilliantly’. We describe on page 15 that

the delivery of strategic success, after the

potential in the longer term to deliver revenue
growth of 5%+ and trading margins of 5%+.

Performance

The outcome was a significant improvement
cover the £80m we expected at the start of the
year. The increase on 2017 was driven by a
strong operating performance, good progress
on transformation savings and the benefit

‘of some non-recurring trading items. The
underlying margin rose from 2.3% to 3.3%

Annual Report and Accounts 2018

Definition
Underlying EPS reflects the Underlying
Trading Profit measure after deducting
pre-exceptional net finance costs and

related tax effects. It takes into account any
nofi-controlling interests share of the result
for the period, and divides the remaining
result that is attributable to the equity owners
of the Company by the weighted average
number of ordinary shares outstanding,
including the potential dilutive effect of

share options, in accordance with IFRS.

Relevance to strategy

EPS builds on the relevance of UTP, and
further reflects the achievement of being
‘profitable and sustainable’ by taking

into account not just our ability to grow
revenue and margin but also the strength
and costs of our financial funding and tax
arrangements. EPS is therefore a measure
of financial return for our shareholders.

Performance
The increase reflects the strong UTP
performance as described, together with
the benefit of a lower underlying effective
tax rate driven by the improvement in

and mix of the Group's profitability.

Serco Group ple |

09

BoueUsand aye10ds0> |

squawayers jelnueuly ] |

10

Key Performance Indicators continued

Definition

Free Cash Flow is the net cash flow from
operating activities before exceptional
items as shown on the face of the Group's
Consolidated Cash Flow Statement, adding
dividends we receive from joint ventures
and associates, and deducting net interest
paid and net capital expenditure on
tangible and intangible asset purchases.

Relevance to strategy

FCF is a further reflection on how ‘sustainable’
our profits are, as well as the sustainability
of the overall business, by showing a
measure of how much of our effort turns
into cash to reinvest back into the business
or to deploy in other ways. Furthermore,
‘winning good business’ should reflect
that which generates appropriate cash
returns, and ‘executing brilliantly’ should
include appropriate management of

‘our working capital cash flow cycles.

Performance

The improvement includes that from increased
UTP together with reduced outflows related
to loss-making contracts subject to OCPs

as reflected in the lower rate of provision
Utilisation, The working capital outflow at
£22m was similar to the prior year, and the
Group has not utilised any factoring or other
working capital facilities during 2018.

Definition

ROIC is calculated as UTP for the period
divided by the invested capital balance.
Invested capital represents the assets and
liabilities considered to be deployed in
delivering the trading performance of the
business. Invested capital assets are: goodwill
and other intangible assets; property, plant
and equipment; interests in joint ventures
and associates; contract assets, trade and
other receivables; and inventories. Invested
capital liabilities are contract liabilities,

trade and other payables. For 2014, invested
capital is calculated using the closing balance
sheet position, given the impact of the
Contract & Balance Sheet Review during

that year; for all other years itis calculated

as a two-point average of the opening

and closing balance sheet positions.

Relevance to strategy

ROIC measures how efficiently the Group uses
its capital to generate returns from its assets.
Tobe a sufficiently ‘profitable and sustainable’
business, a return must be achieved that is
appropriately above a cost of capital hurdle
reflective of the typical returns required by our
weighting of the use of equity and debt capital

Performance
The improvement in ROIC reflects both

the increase UTP as described, as well

as slightly lower invested capital largely
resulting from the normalisation of average
working capital balances. We expect further
growth in ROIC to be driven by additional
improvement in profit margin from successfully
completing and embedding the Transform’
stage and making continued progress

with the ‘Grow’ phase of our strategy.

| Serco Group ple

Definition
The estimated aggregate value at the

end of the reporting period of new bid
opportunities with Annual Contract Value
(ACV) of at least £10m and which we expect
to bid and to be adjudicated within a
rolling 24-month timeframe. It does not
include re-bids or extensions of existing
business, and the Total Contract Value
(TCV) of individual opportunities is capped
at £lbn; also excluded is the potential
value of framework agreements, prevalent
in the US in particular where there are
numerous arrangements classed as ‘IDIQ’
= Indefinite Delivery/indefinite Quantity.

Relevance to strategy

The pipeline provides a key area of

potential for ‘winning good business’

and therefore is a major input to being
‘profitable and sustainable’. The size of the
pipeline and our win-rate conversion of the
bids within it will also ultimately be at the
heart of successfully achieving progress

in the third and final stage of our strategy
implementation - the ‘Grow’ stage

Performance

The pipeline at 31 December 2018 had
increased by a net £0.9bn on the position

a year earlier, reflecting a greater value of
‘opportunities entering the pipeline versus
those coming out. In January and February
2019, Serco has already won the two largest
opportunities that were in the pipeline -
AASC in the UK and NGHS in Australia.
Removi