BETA Close X Serco Group plc announced a share repurchase programme of up to £75 million, commencing on March 9, 2026, and concluding by July 31, 2026. The company intends to transfer repurchased shares into treasury and subsequently cancel them, with the total number of shares acquired not exceeding the remaining balance of 81,273,394 shares authorised by shareholders. RBC Europe Limited will manage the programme, making independent trading decisions, and purchases will be announced in line with FCA Listing Rule 9.6.6. Disclaimer* Serco Group PLC 05 March 2026 LEI: 549300PT2CIHYN5GWJ21 5 March 2026 Serco Group plc Share Repurchase Programme Serco Group plc (the Company ) today announces that, as outlined in the announcement of its 2026 Full Year Results on 5 March 2026, it intends to repurchase shares with a value of up to £75 million (the Programme ). This will occur during the period starting on 9 March 2026 and ending no later than 31 July 2026 (the Engagement Period ). The aggregate number of shares acquired by the Company shall not exceed the balance of 81,273,394 shares remaining of the 102,385,524 shares authorised by shareholders at the 2025 Annual General Meeting. It is intended that any shares repurchased under the Programme will be transferred into treasury and subsequently cancelled. The Company has entered into an agreement with RBC Europe Limited ( RBC ) under which RBC will manage the Programme for the Engagement Period. RBC will carry out the acquisition of ordinary shares in the Company for subsequent repurchase by the Company. RBC will make trading decisions in relation to the Programme independently of the Company. During any closed periods, the Company will have no power to invoke any changes to the Programme, and it will be executed at the sole discretion of RBC. This arrangement is in accordance with Chapter 9 of the Financial Conduct Authority's Listing Rules and the Company's general authority to repurchase shares. The Programme will also be conducted in accordance with the parameters of the safe harbour provisions set out in: (i) Article 5(1) of Regulation (EU) 596/2014 (including the delegated and implementing acts adopted under it); and (ii) the provisions of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1052 with regard to regulatory technical standards for the conditions applicable to buyback programmes and stabilisation measures (in each case as they form part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 as implemented, retained, amended, extended, re-enacted or otherwise given effect. There is no guarantee that the Programme will be implemented in full. The Company intends to announce any purchase of Ordinary Shares under the Programme in line with the Financial Conduct Authority's Listing Rule 9.6.6, by no later than the end of the 7 th daily market session following the date of execution of such purchase. Ends For further information please contact: Jamie Hastings, Head of Investor Relations | +44 (0) 7718 195 074 | jamie.hastings@serco.com Scot Marchbank, External Communications and Director | +44 (0) 7958 675 706 | scot.marchbank@serco.com About Serco Serco brings together the right people, the right technology, and the right partners to create innovative solutions that make a positive impact and address some of the most urgent and complex challenges facing the modern world. With a primary focus on serving governments globally, Serco's services are powered by more than 50,000 people working across defence, space, migration, justice, healthcare, mobility, and customer services. Serco's core capabilities include service design and advisory, resourcing, complex programme management, systems integration, case management, engineering, and asset & facilities management. Underpinned by Serco's unique operating model, Serco drives innovation and supports customers from service discovery through to delivery. More information can be found at www.serco.com . This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Serco Group (SRP) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 36 minutes ago Greggs 37 minutes ago Greggs 1 hour ago Fuller Smith & Turner 1 hour ago CLS Holdings 1 hour ago Rolls-Royce Holdings All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and