Intact Insurance becomes National Partner of the Canadian Olympic Committee and welcomes speed skating champion William Dandjinou as official Intact Insurance Athlete Accessibility Statement Skip Navigation Resources Investor Relations Journalists Webcasts Français --> Français my CNW Login Register Client Login PR Newswire Amplify™ Next Gen Communications Cloud Cision Communications Cloud® Sign Up Send a Release News Products Contact Search Search When typing in this field, a list of search results will appear and be automatically updated as you type. Searching for your content... No results found. Please change your search terms and try again. Advanced Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases All Public Company News Releases Overview Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia All Photos All Videos Multimedia Gallery Overview Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business Auto & Transportation All Automotive & Transportation Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Supply Chain/Logistics Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview View All Auto & Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Blockchain Broadcast Tech Computer & Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Data Analytics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Financial Technology High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals Semiconductors Business Technology Overview View All Business Technology Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio & Podcast Television Entertain­ment & Media Overview View All Entertain­ment & Media Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Cryptocurrency Dividends Earnings Earnings Forecasts & Projections Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds Private Placement Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholder Activism Shareholder Meetings Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital Financial Services & Investing Overview View All Financial Services & Investing General Business All General Business Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News General Business Overview View All General Business Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Artificial Intelligence Blockchain Cloud Computing/Internet of Things Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Cryptocurrency Data Analytics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Financial Technology Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media STEM (Science, Tech, Engineering, Math) Supply Chain/Logistics Wireless Communications Consumer Technology Overview View All Consumer Technology Energy & Natural Resources All Energy Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas General Manufacturing Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Energy & Natural Resources Overview View All Energy & Natural Resources Environ­ment All Environ­ment Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Natural Disasters Environ­ment Overview View All Environ­ment Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building General Manufacturing HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machinery Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview View All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunications Equipment Telecommunications Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Telecomm­unications Overview View All Telecomm­unications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cannabis Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Household Products Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Consumer Products & Retail Overview View All Consumer Products & Retail Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio & Podcast Television Entertain­ment & Media Overview View All Entertain­ment & Media Health All Health Biometrics Biotechnology Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries Dentistry FDA Approval Fitness/Wellness Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control International Medical Approval Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Health Overview View All Health Sports All Sports General Sports Outdoors, Camping & Hiking Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Sports Overview View All Sports Travel All Travel Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Outdoors, Camping & Hiking Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Travel Overview View All Travel Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Canadian Federal Government Canadian Municipal Government Canadian Provincial Government Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Natural Disasters Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy Policy & Public Interest Overview View All Policy & Public Interest People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Diversity, Equity & Inclusion Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Men's Interest People with Disabilities Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women People & Culture Overview View All People & Culture Advanced Search Explore Our Platform Plan Campaigns Create with AI Distribute Press Releases Report Results Amplify Content IR All Products Become a Client Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships General Enquiries Media Worldwide Offices Hamburger menu Send a Release FR EN --> FR Phone 877-269-7890 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET ALL CONTACT INFO Contact Cision 877-269-7890 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET --> Send a Release Sign Up Resources Investor Relations Journalists Webcasts my CNW GDPR --> News in Focus Browse All News Multimedia Gallery Trending Topics Business Auto & Transportation Business Technology Entertain­ment & Media Financial Services & Investing General Business Science & Tech Consumer Technology Energy & Natural Resources Environ­ment Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Telecomm­unications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail Entertain­ment & Media Health Sports Travel Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest People & Culture People & Culture In-Language News --> Send a Release Sign Up Resources Investor Relations Journalists Webcasts my CNW GDPR Explore Our Platform Plan Campaigns Create with AI Distribute Press Releases Report Results Amplify Content IR All Products Send a Release Sign Up Resources Investor Relations Journalists Webcasts my CNW GDPR Sign Up Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships General Enquiries Media Enquiries Worldwide Offices Send a Release Sign Up Resources Investor Relations Journalists Webcasts my CNW GDPR Intact Insurance becomes National Partner of the Canadian Olympic Committee and welcomes speed skating champion William Dandjinou as official Intact Insurance Athlete Français News provided by Intact Financial Corporation Oct 22, 2025, 08:00 ET Share this article Share to X Share this article Share to X TORONTO , Oct. 22, 2025 /CNW/ - Intact Insurance is proud to announce a new multi-year national partnership with the Canadian Olympic Committee (COC) and Team Canada. The partnership represents a shared ambition to uplift and support the nation's best athletes and aligns closely with Intact's value of excellence and commitment to outperformance. Alongside this exciting partnership, Intact is thrilled to sponsor William Dandjinou, a celebrated member of the Canadian short track speed skating national team since 2019. William Dandjinou, member of the Canadian short track speed skating national team and Intact Insurance Athlete. Credit: Antoine Saito, Speed Skating Canada, 2024 (CNW Group/Intact Financial Corporation) Intact Insurance becomes National Partner of the Canadian Olympic Committee (CNW Group/Intact Financial Corporation) Dandjinou, a Montreal native, emerged triumphantly at the 2025 Speed Skating World Championships in Beijing, claiming three gold medals and currently holds the prestigious International Skating Union Crystal Globe as the top overall skater of the season. With Intact as his official sponsor, William will benefit from financial support, enabling him to focus fully on his preparation for the 2026 Milano Cortina Olympic Winter Games. Dandjinou's inspiring journey and dedication to excellence make him a perfect ambassador for the values that Intact and the COC champion together. "Sport has long been a cornerstone of Intact's commitment to excellence and community engagement," said Imen Zitouni, Senior Vice President & Chief Marketing Officer at Intact Financial Corporation. "By partnering with William Dandjinou and a powerful and respected brand like the Canadian Olympic Committee, we're not only cheering for Team Canada and supporting athletes who strive for excellence every day, we're also continuing our legacy of investing in sports partnerships that directly support the communities where we operate." "We are thrilled to officially welcome Intact Insurance to Team Canada," said Jacqueline Ryan, Chief Brand and Commercial Officer of the COC and CEO of the Canadian Olympic Foundation. "Intact is an amazing Canadian brand with a legacy of supporting sport and Canadian athletes. We're so excited to have them with us on the road to Milano Cortina 2026 and Los Angeles 2028, and to build programs together that make a real impact on Canadian athletes and Canadian sport." "I'm deeply grateful for Intact Insurance's support, which empowers me to train and compete at the highest levels," said William Dandjinou, member of the Canadian short track speed skating national team and Intact Insurance Athlete. "Together with Intact, I'm excited to inspire more Canadians to engage in sports and experience its transformative power." Beyond elite sports, Intact is also committed to nurturing grassroots play and is working closely with the COC to develop a program designed to protect play and promote sports across Canadian communities. The program is being developed as part of Team Canada 2035, the COC's 10-year strategic plan that aims to transform Canada through the power of sport across three pillars: podium, play, and planet. Details of this initiative will be unveiled soon, promising to inspire budding athletes and foster a safe, inclusive environment for all. Building on a Legacy of Sport Support For nearly 20 years, Intact has supported Canadian sport at every level. The company is a long-time partner of Speed Skating Canada, backing athletes from grassroots to national team, and is the naming partner of the Centre de glaces Intact Assurance in Quebec City. Intact is also playing a key role in the launch of new professional leagues as a Founding Partner of both the Northern Super League, Canada's first professional women's soccer league, and the Professional Women's Hockey League. This national partnership with the COC includes the upcoming Milano Cortina Winter Games in 2026 and the Los Angeles Summer Games in 2028, complemented by a nationwide campaign with CBC/Radio-Canada to share inspiring stories of Canadian athletes and communities. The Milano Cortina Olympic Games will run from February 6 th to 22 nd 2026. More events and joint initiatives by Intact and the Canadian Olympic Committee will be announced soon. Fast Facts Multi-year partnership between Intact Insurance and the COC, starting with the Milano Cortina Winter Games (2026) and the Los Angeles Summer Games (2028). Intact becomes official sponsor of William Dandjinou, Speed Skating Canada short track athlete. The partnership with the COC will be supported by a national campaign with CBC/Radio-Canada, bringing stories of Canadian athletes and communities to millions of viewers and fans across the country. Intact Insurance and the COC are currently working on a program as part of Team Canada 2035, the COC's 10-year strategic plan that aims to transform Canada through the power of sport across three pillars: podium, play, and planet. More details will be announced soon. About Intact Financial Corporation Intact Financial Corporation (TSX: IFC ) is the largest provider of Property and Casualty (P&C) insurance in Canada, a leading Specialty lines insurer with international expertise and a leader in Commercial lines in the UK and Ireland. The business has grown organically and through acquisitions to almost $24 billion of total annual operating direct premiums written (DPW). In Canada, Intact distributes insurance under the Intact Insurance brand through agencies and a wide network of brokers, including its wholly-owned subsidiary BrokerLink. Intact also distributes directly to consumers through the belairdirect brand and affinity partnerships. Additionally, Intact provides exclusive and tailored offerings to high-net-worth customers through Intact Prestige. In the US, Intact Insurance Specialty Solutions provides a range of specialty insurance products and services through independent agencies, regional and national brokers, wholesalers and managing general agencies. Across the UK, Ireland and Europe, Intact Insurance provides Commercial and Specialty insurance solutions through regional and national brokers, wholesalers and managing general agents. In Ireland, it also provides Personal insurance direct to customers through 123.ie brand. About the Canadian Olympic Committee The Canadian Olympic Committee believes sport has the power to transform Canada. Team Canada 2035 is our commitment to safe, inclusive, barrier free sport so more young people can play and stay in sport. We will achieve that through a relentless focus on Podium, Play and Planet, so the next generation of Canadian athletes can achieve their Olympic dreams. Learn more at olympic.ca SOURCE Intact Financial Corporation Media Inquiries: Intact Financial Corporation, Caroline Audet, Manager, Media Relations and Public Affairs, 416-227-7905 / 514-985-7165, [email protected] ; Canadian Olympic Committee, Peter Saltsman, Senior Manager, Public Relations, COC, 647-382-6986, [email protected] ; Investor Inquiries: Intact Financial Corporation, Geoff Kwan, Deputy SVP, Finance and Chief Investor Relations Officer, 1-866-440-8300 ext. 20022 Dandjinou, a Montreal native, emerged triumphantly at the 2025 Speed Skating World Championships in Beijing, claiming three gold medals and currently holds the prestigious International Skating Union Crystal Globe as the top overall skater of the season. With Intact as his official sponsor, William will benefit from financial support, enabling him to focus fully on his preparation for the 2026 Milano Cortina Olympic Winter Games. Dandjinou's inspiring journey and dedication to excellence make him a perfect ambassador for the values that Intact and the COC champion together. "Sport has long been a cornerstone of Intact's commitment to excellence and community engagement," said Imen Zitouni, Senior Vice President & Chief Marketing Officer at Intact Financial Corporation. "By partnering with William Dandjinou and a powerful and respected brand like the Canadian Olympic Committee, we're not only cheering for Team Canada and supporting athletes who strive for excellence every day, we're also continuing our legacy of investing in sports partnerships that directly support the communities where we operate." "We are thrilled to officially welcome Intact Insurance to Team Canada," said Jacqueline Ryan, Chief Brand and Commercial Officer of the COC and CEO of the Canadian Olympic Foundation. "Intact is an amazing Canadian brand with a legacy of supporting sport and Canadian athletes. We're so excited to have them with us on the road to Milano Cortina 2026 and Los Angeles 2028, and to build programs together that make a real impact on Canadian athletes and Canadian sport." "I'm deeply grateful for Intact Insurance's support, which empowers me to train and compete at the highest levels," said William Dandjinou, member of the Canadian short track speed skating national team and Intact Insurance Athlete. "Together with Intact, I'm excited to inspire more Canadians to engage in sports and experience its transformative power." Beyond elite sports, Intact is also committed to nurturing grassroots play and is working closely with the COC to develop a program designed to protect play and promote sports across Canadian communities. The program is being developed as part of Team Canada 2035, the COC's 10-year strategic plan that aims to transform Canada through the power of sport across three pillars: podium, play, and planet. Details of this initiative will be unveiled soon, promising to inspire budding athletes and foster a safe, inclusive environment for all. Building on a Legacy of Sport Support For nearly 20 years, Intact has supported Canadian sport at every level. The company is a long-time partner of Speed Skating Canada, backing athletes from grassroots to national team, and is the naming partner of the Centre de glaces Intact Assurance in Quebec City. Intact is also playing a key role in the launch of new professional leagues as a Founding Partner of both the Northern Super League, Canada's first professional women's soccer league, and the Professional Women's Hockey League. This national partnership with the COC includes the upcoming Milano Cortina Winter Games in 2026 and the Los Angeles Summer Games in 2028, complemented by a nationwide campaign with CBC/Radio-Canada to share inspiring stories of Canadian athletes and communities. The Milano Cortina Olympic Games will run from February 6 th to 22 nd 2026. More events and joint initiatives by Intact and the Canadian Olympic Committee will be announced soon. Fast Facts Multi-year partnership between Intact Insurance and the COC, starting with the Milano Cortina Winter Games (2026) and the Los Angeles Summer Games (2028). Intact becomes official sponsor of William Dandjinou, Speed Skating Canada short track athlete. The partnership with the COC will be supported by a national campaign with CBC/Radio-Canada, bringing stories of Canadian athletes and communities to millions of viewers and fans across the country. Intact Insurance and the COC are currently working on a program as part of Team Canada 2035, the COC's 10-year strategic plan that aims to transform Canada through the power of sport across three pillars: podium, play, and planet. More details will be announced soon. About Intact Financial Corporation Intact Financial Corporation (TSX: IFC ) is the largest provider of Property and Casualty (P&C) insurance in Canada, a leading Specialty lines insurer with international expertise and a leader in Commercial lines in the UK and Ireland. The business has grown organically and through acquisitions to almost $24 billion of total annual operating direct premiums written (DPW). In Canada, Intact distributes insurance under the Intact Insurance brand through agencies and a wide network of brokers, including its wholly-owned subsidiary BrokerLink. Intact also distributes directly to consumers through the belairdirect brand and affinity partnerships. Additionally, Intact provides exclusive and tailored offerings to high-net-worth customers through Intact Prestige. In the US, Intact Insurance Specialty Solutions provides a range of specialty insurance products and services through independent agencies, regional and national brokers, wholesalers and managing general agencies. Across the UK, Ireland and Europe, Intact Insurance provides Commercial and Specialty insurance solutions through regional and national brokers, wholesalers and managing general agents. In Ireland, it also provides Personal insurance direct to customers through 123.ie brand. About the Canadian Olympic Committee The Canadian Olympic Committee believes sport has the power to transform Canada. Team Canada 2035 is our commitment to safe, inclusive, barrier free sport so more young people can play and stay in sport. We will achieve that through a relentless focus on Podium, Play and Planet, so the next generation of Canadian athletes can achieve their Olympic dreams. Learn more at olympic.ca SOURCE Intact Financial Corporation Media Inquiries: Intact Financial Corporation, Caroline Audet, Manager, Media Relations and Public Affairs, 416-227-7905 / 514-985-7165, media@intact.net; Canadian Olympic Committee, Peter Saltsman, Senior Manager, Public Relations, COC, 647-382-6986, psaltsman@olympic.ca; Investor Inquiries: Intact Financial Corporation, Geoff Kwan, Deputy SVP, Finance and Chief Investor Relations Officer, 1-866-440-8300 ext. 20022 --> × Modal title Organization Profile Intact Financial Corporation About Intact Financial Corporation Intact Financial Corporation (TSX: IFC) is a global provider of property and casualty insurance founded on core values and a belief that insurance is about people, not things. Intact's success is fueled by its 32,000 employees worldwide... Also from this source Intact supports Kingston's wildfire recovery every step of the way: One year later, 75% of claims are closed Media Advisory - Intact Financial Corporation to announce 2026 second quarter results on July 28, 2026, and hold earnings conference call the following day Intact Financial Corporation announces second quarter catastrophe and large losses estimate --> Contact Cision 866-245-2317 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us Become a Client Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships General Enquiries Media --> Products Explore Our Platform Plan Campaigns Create with AI Distribute Press Releases Report Results Amplify Content Investor Relations About About PR Newswire About Cision Careers Global Sites APAC APAC - Simplified Chinese APAC - Traditional Chinese Brazil Canada Czech Denmark Finland France Germany India Indonesia Israel Japan Korea Mexico Middle East Middle East - Arabic Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Russia Slovakia Spain Sweden United States Vietnam My Services All News Releases " href="https://app.prnewswire.com/login/auto" target="_blank">Platform Login Privacy Policy Do not sell or share my personal information: Submit via [email protected] Call Privacy toll-free: 877-297-8921 Contact Cision Products About My Services All News Releases Platform Next Gen Communications Cloud Cision Communications Cloud my CNW 877-269-7890 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Information Security Policy Site Map Cookie Settings Accessibility Statement Copyright © 2026 CNW Group Ltd. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. --> -->