Intact Financial Corporation  
Annual Information Form 2024
February 11, 2025
Page reference
Annual  
Information  
Form
MD&A for the  
year ended 
December 31, 2024 
(Incorporated by 
Reference)
Consolidated 
Financial 
Statements for 
the year ended 
December 31, 2024 
(Incorporated by 
Reference)
Cautionary note regarding forward-looking 
statements 4 57 – 77 40 – 49, 57 – 60
Corporate structure 5
Name, address and incorporation 5
Intercorporate relationships 5
General development of the business 6
Three-year history 6
Description of our business 8
Canada, UK&I and US business segments 8 10, 11 – 19
Distribution methods 8 11 – 19, 25
Pricing and underwriting 8
Claims management 8
Innovation 9 36
Risk-sharing industry pools 9 57
Regulatory matters 9 49 – 56, 68 – 69 72 – 73
Competitive conditions 10 5, 10 – 18, 30 – 32, 64
Cycles and seasonality 10 95
Corporate and other 11 19 60 – 61
Reorganizations 11
Environmental, social and governance activities 12 36, 41 – 43
Risk factors 13 57 – 77 40 – 49, 57 – 60
Description of capital structure 14
Common shares 14
Class A shares 14
Limited recourse capital notes 15 68 – 71
Restrictions on ownership and transfers of shares 16
Debt securities 18 66 – 68
Shareholder rights plan 18
Ratings 18 54, 74
Dividends 21 74
Common share dividend increases 21 54
Annual Information Form 2024
2
T able of contents and list of information incorporated by reference
Page reference
Annual  
Information  
Form
MD&A for the  
year ended 
December 31, 2024 
(Incorporated by 
Reference)
Consolidated 
Financial 
Statements for 
the year ended 
December 31, 2024 
(Incorporated by 
Reference)
Market for securities 22
T rading price and volume 22
Prior Sales 24 96 68 – 71
Escrowed securities and securities subject to 
contractual restrictions on transfer 25
Directors and executive officers 26
Directors of the company 26
Executive officers of the company 28
Committees of the board of directors 29 57 – 58
Shareholdings of directors and executive officers 31
Cease trade orders, bankruptcies, penalties or 
sanctions 31
Conflicts of interest 31
Legal proceedings and regulatory actions 32 73
Interest of management and others in material 
transactions 33
T ransfer agent and registrar 34
Material contracts 35
Interests of experts 37
Additional information 38
Glossary of terms 39
Schedule A — intercorporate relationships 41
Schedule B — summary of amended and restated 
rights plan 42
Schedule C — education and experience of the 
members of the audit committee 45
Schedule D — mandate of the audit committee 47
Annual Information Form 2024
3
T able of contents and list of information incorporated by reference
Cautionary note regarding  
forward-looking statements
Certain of the statements included or incorporated by reference in this AIF about the Company’s current and future 
plans, expectations and intentions, results, levels of activity, performance, goals or achievements or any other future 
events or developments constitute forward-looking statements. The words “may”, “will”, “would”, “should”, “could”, 
“expects”, “plans”, “intends”, “trends”, “indications”, “anticipates”, “believes”, “estimates”, “predicts”, “likely”, “potential” or the 
negative or other variations of these words, or other similar or comparable words or phrases, are intended to identify 
forward-looking statements. Unless otherwise indicated, all forward-looking statements directly included in this AIF 
are made as at February 11, 2025, and all forward-looking statements incorporated by reference are made as at 
February 11, 2025 and are subject to change after these dates. This AIF also contains forward-looking statements with 
respect to, but are not limited to, statements with respect to IFC’s business objectives and expected growth (including 
magnitude of growth); credit ratings; financial leverage; 2025 management objectives; products, services, expertise and 
capabilities; earnings contributions, cost savings and transition and integration costs and revenue synergies, and the 
related impact on IFC’s operations and financial performance.
Forward-looking statements are based on estimates and assumptions made by management based on management’s 
experience and perception of historical trends, current conditions and expected future developments, as well as other 
factors that management believes are appropriate in the circumstances. In addition to other estimates and assumptions 
which may be identified herein, estimates and assumptions have been made regarding, among other things, economic 
and political environments and industry conditions. 
Many factors could cause the Company’s actual results, performance or achievements or future events or developments 
to differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements, including, without limitation: credit, 
market, liquidity, operational, strategic and legal risks and the risks presented in the Company’s 2024 MD&A, including 
at Section 27.6 — T op and emerging risks that may affect future results and Section 27.7 — Other risk factors that may 
affect future results, which are incorporated herein by reference, including a major earthquake, climate change, climate-
related litigation or activism, catastrophe, geopolitical risk, increased competition and disruption, turbulence in financial 
markets, reserving inadequacy, underwriting inadequacy, governmental and/or regulatory intervention, cyber security 
failure, project and change risk, inability to contain fraud and/or abuse, customer dissatisfaction, social unrest, third party 
reliance, employee defined benefit pension plan risks, reinsurance inadequacy, distribution risks, inability to retain and to 
attract talent, business interruption to our operations, credit downgrade, limit on dividend and capital distribution as well 
as artificial intelligence risk
All of the forward-looking statements included or incorporated by reference in this AIF are qualified by these cautionary 
statements and those made in the section entitled Risk Management on pages 57 to 77 of our 2024 MD&A, in Notes 9 
and 11, respectively, on pages 40 to 49 and 57 to 60 of our 2024 Consolidated Financial Statements and those made 
in our other filings with the securities commissions or similar authorities in Canada that are incorporated by reference 
in this AIF, as well as the risk factors described on page 13 of this AIF. These factors are not intended to represent a 
complete list of the factors that could affect the Company. These factors should, however, be considered carefully. 
Although the forward-looking statements are based upon what management believes to be reasonable assumptions, 
the Company cannot assure investors that actual results will be consistent with these forward-looking statements. 
When relying on forward-looking statements to make decisions, investors should ensure the preceding information is 
carefully considered. Undue reliance should not be placed on forward-looking statements made herein. The Company 
and management have no intention and undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, 
whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law. 
• Unless otherwise specified, this AIF presents information as at December 31, 2024 and all amounts are in 
Canadian dollars. 
• Capitalized terms used in this AIF are defined in the glossary provided on page 39 of this AIF.
Cautionary note regarding  forward-looking statements
Annual Information Form 2024
4
Corporate structure
Name, Address and Incorporation
Intact Financial Corporation is a holding company incorporated under the Canada Business Corporations Act   
and is designated as an IAIG by OSFI.
In Canada, Intact distributes insurance under the Intact Insurance brand through a wide network of brokers, including  
its wholly-owned subsidiary BrokerLink. Intact also distributes directly to consumers through the belairdirect brand and 
affinity partnerships. Additionally, Intact provides exclusive and tailored offerings to high-net-worth customers through 
Intact Prestige.
In the US, Intact Insurance Specialty Solutions provides a range of specialty insurance products and services through 
independent agencies, regional and national brokers, and wholesalers and managing general agencies.
Across the UK, Ireland, and Europe, Intact provides Personal, Commercial and/or Specialty insurance solutions through 
the RSA, 123.ie, NIG and FarmWeb brands.
Our registered and principal business office is located at 700 University Avenue, Suite 1500-A (Legal), T oronto, 
Ontario M5G 0A1.
Intercorporate relationships
Information about the intercorporate relationships among the Company and its principal subsidiaries as at 
December 31, 2024 is provided in Schedule A to this AIF.
Corporate structure
Annual Information Form 2024
5
General development of the business
Our business was founded in 1809, with the formation of The Halifax Fire Insurance Association, which later became 
our first predecessor company: The Halifax Insurance Company, incorporated in 1819. A proven industry consolidator, 
the Company has a track record of 19 successful P&C acquisitions since 1988.
Intact Financial Corporation (TSX: IFC) is the largest provider of property and casualty (P&C) insurance in Canada, 
a leading Specialty lines insurer with international expertise and a leader in Commercial lines in the UK and Ireland. 
The business has grown organically and through acquisitions to almost $24 billion of total annual operating direct 
premiums written (DPW). The Company has a global team of more than 31,000 employees across Canada, the US, 
the UK, Ireland, and Europe.
Three-Y ear History
On February 8, 2022, the Company announced its intention to proceed with a NCIB, which began on February 17, 2022,  
to purchase, for cancellation, up to 5,828,458 Common Shares during the next 12 months, then representing approximately 
3% of the Company’s issued and outstanding shares. This NCIB expired on February 16, 2023 and 824,990 Common 
Shares had been repurchased for cancellation.
On March 15, 2022, the Company closed the previously announced bought deal offering of its Series 11 Preferred 
Shares underwritten by a syndicate of underwriters led by TD Securities Inc. together with BMO Capital Markets, 
CIBC Capital Markets, National Bank Financial, RBC Capital Markets and Scotiabank, resulting in aggregate gross 
proceeds to the Company of $150 million. 
On May 2, 2022, the Company announced that it, together with T ryg, had completed the sale of Codan DK to Alm.Brand, 
having received all required approvals. Codan DK was acquired by Alm.Brand for a total consideration of DKK 13.2 billion 
($2.4 billion), after post-closing adjustments. The Company received 50% of the proceeds, commensurate with its stake 
in Codan DK. 
On July 7, 2022, the Company completed the sale of RSA’s 50.00002% shareholding in RSA Middle East B.S.C. (c)  
to NLGIC, majority owned by Oman International Development and Investment Co. SAOG (“OMINVEST”). 
On August 1, 2022, Intact Insurance Group USA LLC completed the acquisition of Highland Insurance Solutions,  
a managing general agent specializing in the builders’ risk segment of the construction market, from T okio Marine Kiln. 
On September 22, 2022, the Company completed its inaugural US private offering of US $500 million aggregate principal 
amount of 2022 US Senior Notes bearing a fixed annual rate of 5.459% until maturity in 2032. The 2022 US Senior Notes 
were offered through a syndicate co-led by BMO Capital Markets Corp., Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC and J.P. Morgan 
Securities LLC, and are direct unsecured obligations of Intact and rank equally with all other unsecured and unsubordinated 
indebtedness of the Company.
On November 9, 2022, the Company repaid at maturity the entire outstanding aggregate principal amount of Intact 
US Holdings, Inc.’s (formerly OneBeacon US Holdings, Inc.) 4.60% senior notes. 
On February 7, 2023, the Company announced its intention to proceed with a NCIB, which began on February 17, 2023,  
to purchase, for cancellation, up to 5,257,709 Common Shares during the next 12 months, then representing approximately 
3% of the Company’s issued and outstanding shares. This NCIB expired on February 16, 2024. The Company has 
repurchased 2000 Common Shares at February 13, 2024.
On February 27, 2023, the Company announced that the RSA UK Pension T rustees had entered into an agreement 
with Pension Insurance Corporation plc (“PIC”) for Bulk Purchase Annuities (or “buy-ins”) with respect to £6.5 billion 
of RSA UK pension plan liabilities. The buy-ins fully insure the defined benefit liabilities of the Royal Insurance Group 
Pension Scheme and the Sal Pension Scheme to PIC, a specialist insurer of defined benefit pension schemes.
General development of the business
Annual Information Form 2024
6
On March 7, 2023, the Company completed the private placement of $300 million principal amount of LRCN Series 1 
Notes bearing interest at a fixed annual rate of 7.338% until June 30, 2028, and the interest rate will reset on that date 
and on every fifth anniversary of such date until maturity on June 30, 2083 at a fixed interest rate per annum equal to 
the Government of Canada Yield on the business day prior to such interest reset date plus 3.95%. The LRCN Series 1 
Notes were offered on a best efforts basis through a syndicate co-led by CIBC Capital Markets Inc. and TD Securities 
Inc. The LRCN Series 1 Notes are direct unsecured obligations of the Company and are subordinated to all senior 
indebtedness of the Company and effectively subordinated to all indebtedness and obligations of its subsidiaries.
On September 6, 2023, the Company and its subsidiary RSAI announced they had reached an agreement with 
Direct Line Insurance Group plc to acquire its brokered commercial lines operations. The purchase price includes 
an initial cash consideration of £520 million ($884 million), with potential for up to a further £30 million ($51 million) 
contingent payment under earnout provisions relating to the financial performance of the acquired business lines. 
The transaction, which closed on October 26, 2023, resulted in the transfer of renewal rights, brands, employees,  
and systems to RSA.
On September 13, 2023, the Company closed its previously announced bought deal offering of common shares 
underwritten by a syndicate of underwriters led by CIBC Capital Markets and BMO Capital Markets, resulting in 
aggregate gross proceeds to the Company of approximately $575 million.
On September 14, 2023, the Company completed the private placement of $400 million principal amount of Series 14 
Notes bearing interest at a fixed annual rate of 5.276% until maturity on September 14, 2054. The Series 14 Notes were 
offered on a best-efforts basis through a syndicate led by CIBC World Markets Inc., and BMO Capital Markets. The 
Series 14 Notes are direct unsecured obligations of Intact and rank equally with all other unsecured and unsubordinated 
indebtedness of the Company.
On December 7, 2023, IFC and its subsidiary RSA announced RSA’s sale of its UK direct personal lines operations 
and RSA’s exit from the UK personal lines market. IFC and RSA entered into an agreement that provides for the sale of 
RSA’s UK direct home and pet personal lines operations to Admiral. The transaction closed on April 2, 2024. The sale 
price for RSA’s direct home and pet operations includes an initial cash consideration of £82.5 million, with a potential 
additional payment of up to £32.5 million, subject to the fulfilment of certain retention thresholds. In aggregate, the 
proceeds from the sale to Admiral and the release over time of capital backing the UK Personal Lines business are 
expected to total approximately £350 million, including the benefit of earnout provisions.
On February 15, 2024, the Company announced its intention to proceed with a NCIB, which began on February 17, 2024,  
to purchase, for cancellation, up to 5,349,626 Common Shares during the next 12 months, then representing 
approximately 3% of the Company’s issued and outstanding shares. This NCIB will expire on the earlier of  
February 16, 2025 or the date on which the Company has either acquired the maximum number of common shares 
allowable or otherwise decided not to make any further repurchases. The Company has repurchased 110,921 
Common Shares at February 11, 2025. 
On May, 16 2024, the Company completed the private placement of $300 million principal amount of Series 15 Notes 
bearing interest at a fixed annual rate of 4.653% until maturity on May 16, 2034. The Series 15 Notes were offered 
on a best-efforts basis through a syndicate led by CIBC World Markets Inc., and BMO Capital Markets. The Series 15  
Notes are direct unsecured obligations of Intact and rank equally with all other unsecured and unsubordinated 
indebtedness of the Company. The Company used the net proceeds from this private placement for the repayment 
of the outstanding $375 million Series 11 1.207% unsecured medium term notes due May 21, 2024.
All prospectus supplements, pricing supplements and material change reports mentioned above are available on the 
Company’s profile on SEDAR+ (www.sedarplus.ca).
General development of the business
Annual Information Form 2024
7
Description of our business
Canada, UK&I and US Business Segments
Descriptions of our Canada, UK&I and US segments, as well as Corporate and Other activities and related information 
are provided in the section entitled Segment Performance and in each respective Segment section on pages 10 and 11 
to 19 of our 2024 MD&A, which are incorporated herein by reference.
Distribution Methods
We are evolving our products and services to ensure that we continue to meet customers’ changing needs and 
maximize growth while serving the needs of a broader customer demographic. By leveraging technology, we have 
made it easier for customers to connect with us in the way they prefer, be it online, over the phone, in person or 
through a broker. 
We distribute and market our products in our Canada, UK&I and US segments through the distribution channels 
described on pages 11 to 19 and 25 of our 2024 MD&A, which are incorporated herein by reference.
Pricing and Underwriting
We believe that pricing and underwriting are inextricably linked. The sophistication of pricing segmentation has a direct 
influence on the quality of risks that we will assume. Similarly, the sophistication of the risk selection process has a direct 
impact on the experience that is reflected in our pricing and hence on our ability to segment and be competitive. 
Our artificial intelligence and machine learning expertise combined with our data advantage allow us to create 
sophisticated algorithms and then choose and price risk more accurately. 
Product pricing is generally developed to provide for expected claims frequency and severity in the period when 
the rates will be in effect; it also takes into account the expenses associated with writing business as well as claims 
administration and settlement expenses. 
We have a disciplined approach to underwriting and risk management in all our lines of business. In personal lines, 
the process is highly automated in order to enable brokers, underwriters and agents to apply our underwriting 
guidelines as consistently as possible. In commercial and specialty insurance, we put an emphasis on risk quality  
and profitability as adequate pricing and risk selection are critical components to achieve profitability. 
Furthermore, to achieve better profitability, over the years we have implemented several actions to manage the 
potential impact of changing weather patterns including improved risk selection, pricing, product changes, supply 
chain enhancements and a greater emphasis on and investment in prevention.
Claims Management 
Our claims management objective is to provide a claims experience that is second to none, while controlling claims 
administration costs and reducing the incidence of fraud. We believe that this can best be achieved by having our 
internal claims staff, who are trained to apply our claims management practices, handle the majority of our claims. 
We are also insourcing part of our claim supply chain process to differentiate ourselves from a cost and customer 
experience perspective. With On Side, a Canadian restoration firm providing repair and restoration services for personal 
and commercial property claims across Canada, we have vertically integrated an important supply chain vendor in Canada. 
We established innovative service centres in major Canadian cities to provide an unmatched customer experience in 
auto repair. We have also deployed digital tools to accelerate claims settlement and enhance communication with our 
customers. The majority of liability defence cases in Canada are also handled in-house by our internal claims legal team on 
behalf of our insureds, which reduces defence costs and improves outcomes for our clients.
Description of our business
Annual Information Form 2024
8
The key elements of our claims management process are our numerous technical training programs and our 
interim and closed files review process. We have designed systems and processes that ensure ongoing monitoring, 
measurement and control of all aspects of the claims resolution process from the time we receive the notice of loss 
to the final claim settlement. The magnitude of claims that our adjusters are qualified to process is commensurate 
with the adjusters’ respective level of experience. These authority limits are reviewed on a regular basis and adjusted 
if warranted. This ensures that resources with the appropriate level of expertise are appointed to handle claims 
involving complex issues. 
Our claims departments throughout our business segments establish and, where necessary, adjust reserves for 
claims in partnership with our actuaries, maintain a paperless claim file system and use an online claims system to 
record reserves, payments and adjuster activity. The system also helps claims handlers identify recovery potential, 
estimate property damage, evaluate claims and identify fraud. The claims and reserves are reviewed by our internal 
and external auditors and our finance departments, with the support of internal and external legal advice, where 
appropriate. If these claims are derived from insurance policies that are covered by reinsurance treaties, the risk to  
us is limited to the net retention of the insurance risks and the credit rating of the reinsurer. 
Furthermore in Canada, our digital tools allow clients to file their claim online, track the progress of their claim, upload 
documents and pictures of their damage and get electronic payments. These tools accelerate the claims process, 
and we are applying the same level of internal controls to this process. Digital capability is also being developed for 
the UK market alongside the deployment of Guidewire to improve claims handling capability. 
All these measures provide an opportunity for simpler, faster and superior experience for the customer. It also results 
in operational efficiencies such as consistent application of our claims policies and procedures, lower aggregate 
claims costs and related claims administration costs.
Innovation
We are focused on being at the forefront of digital innovation and technological change as they apply to the P&C 
insurance industry, on continuing to address customer needs and on improving customer experience. Information  
on the progress of our activities regarding innovation is available in the section entitled Strategic Updates on page 36  
of our 2024 MD&A, which is incorporated herein by reference. 
We continue to develop innovative products to better serve the needs of our customers and to use our venture 
vehicle to invest in new technology and adjacent businesses to better understand the market environment. This 
allows the Company to remain at the forefront as the market evolves and customer expectations change.
Risk-Sharing Industry Pools
Information on risk-sharing industry pools in which our Canadian, UK&I and US insurance subsidiaries are required 
to participate can be found in section 10.8 on page 57 of our 2024 Consolidated Financial Statements, which is 
incorporated herein by reference.
Regulatory Matters
Information on the regulatory capital requirements for our insurance subsidiaries can be found in the section entitled 
Capital management on pages 49 to 56 of our 2024 MD&A and in Note 21 on pages 72 and 73 of our 2024 Consolidated 
Financial Statements, which are incorporated herein by reference. See also the section entitled Governmental and/or 
regulatory intervention on pages 68 and 69 of our 2024 MD&A for a description of strategic risk with respect to regulatory 
matters, which is incorporated herein by reference. 
Our insurance subsidiaries are subject to regulation and supervision by the insurance regulatory authorities of the 
jurisdictions in which they are incorporated and licensed to conduct business. Such regulation and supervision 
are designed to protect policyholders and creditors rather than investors, and relate to various matters, including 
Description of our business
Annual Information Form 2024
9
rate setting, risk-based capital and solvency standards, restrictions on types of invested assets, the maintenance of 
adequate reserves for unearned premiums and unpaid claims, the examination of insurance companies by regulatory 
authorities (including periodic financial and market conduct examinations), consumer protection, conduct of business, 
the filing of annual and other reports and returns, the licensing of insurers, agents and brokers, limitations  
on transactions with affiliates, restrictions on shareholder dividends and capital transactions, restrictions on ownership, 
and regulation of the form of insurance contracts and the sale and marketing of insurance products. We believe that our 
insurance subsidiaries are in material compliance with all applicable regulatory requirements.
Competitive Conditions
Information regarding our lines of business is provided in sections 4 to 7 and in section 14 P&C insurance industry  
outlook, respectively, on pages 10 to 18 and on pages 30 to 32 of our 2024 MD&A, which are incorporated herein by 
reference. See also the section entitled Building sustainable competitive advantages on page 5 of our 2024 MD&A, 
which is incorporated herein by reference, for a description of our advantages enabling us to be a leading provider of 
P&C insurance. 
All our lines of business are highly competitive, and we believe that they will remain so for the foreseeable future. In 
each business line, the market is highly fragmented and there are typically numerous industry participants competing. 
In Canada, our competitors include both foreign and domestic insurers as well as large national insurers, government 
automobile insurers, smaller local insurers, and mutual and co-operative insurers. 
In the UK, our competitors are large national and international, and multinational composite insurers, domestic 
mutuals and specialty insurers in commercial lines. 
In the US, we are competing with most of the large multi-line insurance companies, specialty companies, various local 
and regional insurers, and new companies formed to enter the insurance markets. 
In Canada as well as in the US, the regional competitive landscape varies slightly from the national picture, whereas 
in the UK&I, the competitive landscape varies depending on the types of risks. New actors continue to enter the 
market, including firms using technology as a disruptive force. 
A discussion of the risk we face with respect to increased competition and disruption can be found in the section 
entitl

---

e. Our wholly-owned 
subsidiary Intact Investment Management Inc. provides investment management services, including to the majority 
of our employee pension plans and also to certain third parties. In-house management provides greater flexibility in 
support of our insurance operations at competitive costs. 
Reorganizations
On September 20, 2022, Regent Bidco Limited, a UK based holding company created to acquire the shares of RSA 
Insurance Group plc, now RSA Insurance Group Limited (“RSAIG”), was put into liquidation. All shares of RSAIG have 
been transferred to 2283485 Alberta Ltd.
On January 1, 2023, Ascentus Insurance Ltd. amalgamated with Intact Insurance Company, with Intact Insurance 
Company as the resulting insurance company.
On November 10, 2023, IB Reinsurance Inc., a Barbados insurance company, was transferred from IFC to Intact 
Ventures Inc. and subsequently transferred to 2283485 Alberta Ltd.
On December 8, 2023, Split Rock Insurance Ltd., a Bermuda based insurer, transferred from Intact Ventures Inc.  
to Atlantic Specialty Insurance Company.
On August 1, 2024, Roins Financial Services Limited, the holding company of RSA Canada, Western Assurance 
Company, Unifund Assurance Company, Quebec Assurance Company and Canadian Northern Shield Insurance, 
underwent a series of amalgamations with its subsidiaries and was ultimately wound-up, with the result being 
that ownership of RSA Canada, Western Assurance Company, Unifund Assurance Company, Quebec Assurance 
Company and Canadian Northern Shield Insurance Company was transferred to 8658471 Canada Inc., and RSA 
T ravel Insurance, Coast Underwriters Limited, and Johnson Inc were transferred to 866295 Alberta Ltd.
On January 1, 2025, Western Assurance Company and 13130123 Canada Inc. amalgamated with Intact Insurance, 
with Intact Insurance Company as the resulting insurance company. 
Description of our business
Annual Information Form 2024
11
Environmental, social and  
governance activities
The Company publishes a Social Impact and ESG Report annually. This report provides details on our approach 
with respect to certain social, environmental and governance related issues and highlights the activities undertaken 
in support of customers, employees, community members and governments. The Social Impact and ESG Report 
also details the Company’s commitments toward our core values, sound corporate governance, social impact and 
environmental sustainability. This document is available from the “In the Community” section of the Company’s 
website at www.intactfc.com. 
Information on the Company’s social impact and ESG activities can also be found in the sections entitled Strategic 
Updates and Climate Change on page 36 and 41 to 43 of our 2024 MD&A, which are incorporated herein by 
reference. More information on the Company’s social impact and ESG performance will be available in our 2024 
Social Impact and ESG Report to be released in April 2025.
Environmental, social and  governance activities
Annual Information Form 2024
12
Risk factors
The risk factors related to the Company and our activities are described in the section entitled Risk Management on 
pages 57 to 77 of our 2024 MD&A, and Notes 9 and 11 on pages 40 to 49 and 57 to 60 of our 2024 Consolidated 
Financial Statements, which are incorporated herein by reference.
Risk factors
Annual Information Form 2024
13
Description of capital structure
The following summarizes certain provisions of the Company’s common shares, preferred shares and limited 
recourse capital notes. This summary is qualified in its entirety by the Company’s by-laws and the actual terms and 
conditions of such securities.
Our authorized share capital currently consists of an unlimited number of Common Shares and an unlimited number of 
Class A Shares, issuable in series. The following summary of share capital is qualified in its entirety by the Company’s 
articles of incorporation, by-laws, and the actual terms and conditions of such shares.
On May 16, 2024, the Company completed the private placement of $300 million principal amount of Series 15 
unsecured medium term notes bearing interest at a fixed annual rate of 4.653% until maturity on May 16, 2034 and 
used the net proceeds from this private placement for the repayment of the outstanding $375 million Series 11 1.207% 
unsecured medium term notes due May 21, 2024.
As at January 31, 2025, the Company had issued:
178,342,768 Common Shares
Class A Shares
10,000,000 Series 1 Preferred Shares 
10,000,000 Series 3 Preferred Shares 
6,000,000 Series 5 Preferred Shares 
6,000,000 Series 6 Preferred Shares 
10,000,000 Series 7 Preferred Shares 
6,000,000 Series 9 Preferred Shares 
6,000,000 Series 11 Preferred Shares 
300,000 Series 12 Preferred Shares1
The Company has authorized but not issued:
the Series 2 Preferred Shares 
the Series 4 Preferred Shares 
the Series 8 Preferred Shares and  
the Series 10 Preferred Shares.
Common Shares
Holders of Common Shares are entitled to receive dividends as and when declared by our Board of Directors and, 
unless otherwise provided by legislation, are entitled to one vote per Common Share on all matters to be voted on 
at all meetings of shareholders. Upon our voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding-up, the holders 
of Common Shares are entitled to share rateably in the remaining assets available for distribution, after payment of 
liabilities. The Common Shares are listed on the TSX.
Class A Shares
The Class A Shares are issuable from time to time in one or more series. Our Board of Directors is authorized to fix 
before issue the number of, the consideration per share of, the designation of, and the provisions attaching to, the 
Class A Shares of each series, which may include voting rights. The Class A Shares of each series rank equally with 
the Class A Shares of every other series and rank in priority to the Common Shares with respect to dividends and 
1 On March 7 2023, 300,000 Series 12 Preferred Shares were issued to the Limited Recourse T rustee, in connection with LRCN Series 1 Notes. These shares are not 
listed on the TSX.
Descripti

---

di JV Co A/S and Scandi JC CO 2 A/S 
dated November 18, 2020. 
The Company entered into a Guarantee Agreement relating to the Royal & Sun Alliance UK Pension Scheme 2002 
with Dalriada T rustees Limited dated November 18, 2020. 
The Company entered into a base trust indenture dated March 31, 2021 (as amended, the “2021 T rust Indenture”) with 
Computershare setting out the terms of unsecured indebtedness that may be issued by the Company. The aggregate 
principal amount of unsecured indebtedness that may be authorized, issued and certified under the 2021 T rust 
Indenture is unlimited. 
Material contracts
Annual Information Form 2024
35
The Company entered into a first supplemental trust indenture to the 2021 T rust Indenture dated March 31, 2021 with 
Computershare providing for the issue of up to $250,000,000 principal amount of Hybrid Series 1 Notes and setting  
out their terms. 
The Company entered into a twelfth supplemental trust indenture to the T rust Indenture dated May 18, 2021 with 
Computershare providing for the issue of up to $375,000,000 principal amount of Series 12 Notes and setting out 
their terms. 
The Company entered into a thirteenth supplemental trust indenture to the T rust Indenture dated May 18, 2021 with 
Computershare providing for the issue of up to $250,000,000 principal amount of Series 13 Notes and setting out 
their terms. 
The Company entered into a seventh Amended and Restated Credit Agreement May 17, 2022 (“7 th ARCA”) with a 
major financial institution as administrative agent and a syndicate of lenders to (i) provide a revolving credit facility 
and which may be increased as provided therein; (ii) include Intact US Holdings, Inc., Intact Services USA LLC and 
Intact US Financial Services Inc. as US borrowers; and (iii) include certain subsidiaries of the Company as material 
subsidiaries as provided therein. On October 19, 2023, the Company entered into an amendment and incremental 
revolving facility joinder to the 7th ARCA to (i) increase the revolving commitment and (ii) reflect the joinder of the new 
lenders. The term of such agreement ends on October 19, 2028.
The Company entered into an agreement for the sale and purchase of Chopin Newco A/S with Scandi JV CO A/S, 
T ryg and Alm.Brand dated July 11, 2021.
The Company entered into a Letter of Credit Facility Agreement dated June 6, 2022 with a major financial institution 
as lender to establish a letter of credit facility in favour of the Company in relation to a Supplementary Executive 
Pension Plan.
The Company entered into a fourteenth supplemental trust indenture to the T rust Indenture dated September 14, 2023 
with Computershare providing for the issue of up to $400,000,000 principal amount of Series 14 Notes and setting out 
their terms.
The Company entered into a trust indenture dated March 7, 2023 with Computershare providing for the issue of 
$300,000,000 aggregate principal amount of LRCN Series 1 Notes and setting out their terms. 
The Company entered into a fifteenth supplemental trust indenture to the T rust Indenture dated May 16, 2024 with 
Computershare providing for the issue of up to $300,000,000 principal amount of Series 15 Notes and setting out 
their terms.
Copies of these documents are available on SEDAR+ www.sedarplus.ca.
Interests of experts
Annual Information Form 2024
36
Interests of experts
Ernst & Y oung LLP, Chartered Professional Accountants, Licensed Public Accountants, T oronto, Canada, is the 
external auditor who prepared the Independent auditor’s report to the Shareholders on the audited consolidated 
financial statements of the Company. The Company’s consolidated financial statements as at December 31, 2024 
and 2023 have been filed under National Instrument 51-102 – Continuous Disclosure Obligations along with the 
report from the External Auditor. 
The External Auditor is independent with respect to the Company within the meaning of the CPA Code of Professional 
Conduct of the Chartered Professional Accountants of Ontario. These rules are equivalent or similar to Rules of 
Professional Conduct applicable to chartered professional accountants in the other provinces of Canada.
Interests of experts
Annual Information Form 2024
37
Additional information
Additional information on the Company, including the documents mentioned below, may be obtained from our 
website at www.intactfc.com and from the SEDAR+ website at www.sedarplus.ca.
Additional information, including the remuneration and indebtedness of directors and executive officers, is contained 
in the Company’s Management Proxy Circular for its most recent annual meeting of shareholders.
Financial information is provided in the Company’s 2024 MD&A and 2024 Consolidated Financial Statements, both  
of which are contained in the 2024 Annual Report.
T o obtain a copy of the aforementioned documents as well as this AIF, at no cost, please contact the Investor 
Relations Department of the Company at 700 University Avenue, Suite 1500, T oronto, Ontario M5G 0A1, by email  
at ir@intact.net.
Additional information
Annual Information Form 2024
38
Glossary of terms
“2024 Consolidated Financial 
Statements” 
means our Consolidated Financial 
Statements for the year ended  
December 31, 2024;
“2024 MD&A” 
means Management’s Discussion 
and Analysis for the year ended  
December 31, 2024;
“2022 US Senior Notes”  
means 2022 US senior unsecured 
notes;
“2021 Trust Indenture” 
means the trust indenture dated 
March 31, 2021, as amended;
“7th ARCA” 
means the seventh amended and 
restated credit agreement dated  
May 17, 2022;
“Admiral” 
means Admiral Group plc 
“AIF” 
means the Company’s Annual 
Information Form dated February 11, 
2025, in respect of the financial year 
ended December 31, 2024;
“Alm.Brand” 
means Alm. Brand A/S group;
“Amended and Restated Rights 
Plan” 
means the amended and restated 
shareholder rights plan approved  
by the Board of Directors on 
February 4, 2023;
“AMF” 
means the Autorité des marchés 
financiers;
“Audit Committee” 
means the Audit Committee  
of the Board of Directors;
“Bidco” 
means Regent Bidco Limited;
“Board of Directors” or “Board” 
re

---

hares if the person is engaged in the management of mutual funds, 
investment funds or public assets for others (e.g., a fund manager, trust company, pension fund administrator, trustee 
or a registered broker or dealer administering non-discretionary client accounts), as long as the person:
(a) holds the Common Shares in the ordinary course of its business for the account of others; and
(b) is not making a take-over bid or acting jointly or in concert with a person who is making a take-over bid.
Separation Time
The Separation Time occurs on the tenth trading day after the earliest of:
(a) the first date of a public announcement that a person has become an Acquiring Person;
(b) the date of the commencement or announcement of the intent of a person to commence a take-over bid,  
other than a Permitted Bid or Competing Permitted Bid; and
(c) the date on which a take-over bid ceases to be a Permitted Bid or Competing Permitted Bid; 
(or, in the case of (b) or (c), such later date as the Board may determine in good faith).
Schedule B
Annual Information Form 2024
43
Expiration Time
If the shareholders reconfirm the Amended and Restated Rights Plan, the Expiration Time will occur on the earliest of:
(a) the time at which the right to exercise the Rights terminates in accordance with the Amended and Restated 
Rights Plan;
(b) immediately after the annual meeting of shareholders to be held in 2023 and every third year thereafter unless 
the Amended and Restated Rights Plan is reconfirmed at that meeting; and
(c) the tenth anniversary of the date the Amended and Restated Rights Plan was adopted by the Board of Directors. 
Flip-in Event
A Flip-in Event occurs when a person becomes an Acquiring Person. Upon the occurrence of a Flip-in Event, any 
Rights that are legally or beneficially owned by an Acquiring Person, will become null and void. As a result, the Acquiring 
Person’s ownership interest in Intact Financial Corporation will be greatly diluted if a substantial portion of the Rights are 
exercised after a Flip-in Event occurs.
Permitted Bid
A Permitted Bid is a take-over bid that satisfies the following conditions:
(a) the bid is made to all holders of Common Shares (other than the offeror);
(b) the offeror agrees that no Common Shares will be taken up or paid for under the bid for at least 105 days following 
the commencement of the bid or such shorter period that a take-over bid must remain open for deposits of 
securities thereunder pursuant to Canadian securities laws;
(c) the offeror agrees that no Common Shares will be taken up or paid for under the bid unless, at the time of take-up 
or payment, more than 50% of the outstanding Common Shares held by shareholders, other than the offeror (or 
any associate or affiliate of the offeror or any other person acting jointly or in concert with the offeror), have been 
deposited pursuant to the bid and not withdrawn;
(d) the offeror agrees that the Common Shares may be deposited to and withdrawn from the bid at any time before 
Common Shares are taken up and paid for; and
(e) if, on the date specified for take-up and payment, condition (c) is satisfied, the bid will remain open for an additional 
period of at least 10 days to permit the remaining shareholders to tender their Common Shares.
Competing Permitted Bid
A Competing Permitted Bid is a take-over bid that satisfies the following conditions:
(a) the bid is made after the commencement and before the expiry of a Permitted Bid or another Competing 
Permitted Bid;
(b) the bid satisfies all the conditions of a Permitted Bid other than Permitted Bid condition (b); and
(c) the offeror agrees that no Common Shares will be taken up or paid for under the bid before the close of business 
on a date that is the last day of the minimum initial deposit period that such take-over bid must remain open 
for deposits of securities thereunder pursuant to Canadian securities laws after the date of the take-over bid 
constituting the Competing Permitted Bid.
Schedule B
Annual Information Form 2024
44
Schedule C
Education and Experience of the Members of the Audit Committee
Jane E. Kinney
With over 30 years of experience in the financial services sector, Ms. Kinney is a recognized leader in governance, 
risk management, regulatory compliance and internal audit services. Until 2019, she was Vice Chair of Deloitte and 
she is a former member of its leadership team. Prior to that role, she occupied various positions at Deloitte, including 
Canadian Managing Partner, Quality & Risk and Global Chief Risk Officer. She is also a former member of Deloitte’s 
board of directors and Risk Committee. Ms. Kinney’s governance and risk experience includes numerous reviews 
and independent evaluations of organizations responding to regulator findings. A substantial portion of her practice 
has focused on the evolving areas of risk governance and risk appetite.
Ms. Kinney is an active member of the community and has been a member of various boards, and is presently Vice 
Chair at the Perimeter Institute for Theoretical Physics and Chair of the Finance Committee. She also is a long-time 
supporter and the current chair of the Patron’s Council of the Alzheimer Society of T oronto. Since 2019, she has been a 
board member and chair of the Audit Committee of Cenovus Energy Inc., and in February 2021 she was appointed 
a director and is now Chair of Nautilus Indemnity Holdings Ltd, a private insurance company based in Bermuda. 
She is a leader of her profession and has been recognized as a Fellow of the Chartered Professional Accountants 
of Ontario, in addition to being a frequent speaker at conferences focusing on regulatory compliance, internal audit, 
corporate governance and enterprise risk management. Ms. Kinney has a Mathematics degree from the University 
of Waterloo and was recognized with an Alumni Achievement Award in 2013. She has been an advocate for women 
throughout her career and was recognized as one of Canada’s Most Powerful Women in 2014.
Emmanuel Clarke
Mr. Clarke has had a long and established career in the insurance industry, having spent more than 25 years at 
Pa

---

udit Committee
I. Purpose
The Audit Committee (the “Committee”) is a committee of the Board of Directors (the “Board”) of the Company, 
including its pension funds. It assists the Board in its oversight of (i) the integrity, fairness and completeness of the 
Company and its subsidiaries (the “Group”)’s financial statements and financial information; (ii) the accounting and 
financial reporting process; (iii) the qualifications, performance and independence of the external auditors; (iv) the 
performance of the internal audit function; (v) the quality and integrity of internal controls and; (vi) actuarial practices 
of the Group.
The Committee has been designated by each of the Company’s wholly-owned US P&C insurance companies 
listed below (collectively, the “US Insurance Companies”) 1 as its audit committee. Unless otherwise indicated, 
reference to “Company” or “Group” shall include the US Insurance Companies.
II. Membership
1. Number
The Board will appoint no fewer than three of its members to the Committee on the recommendation of the 
Governance and Sustainability Committee.
2. Composition and Qualifications
The Committee consists of directors who are “independent” as that term is defined from time to time in relevant 
legislation, and who are non-executives of the Group. 
All Committee members must be financially literate as that term is defined in applicable legislation. In addition, the 
composition of the Committee, and qualifications of its members, will comply with such additional requirements  
as may be imposed by applicable legislation and best practices as determined by the Board.
3. Chair
The Board will appoint the Chair of the Committee annually, to be selected from the members of the Committee. 
If, in any year, the Board does not make such appointment, the incumbent Chair will continue in office until a 
successor is appointed. In the event the Chair is not able or willing to act as Chair of the Committee for any reason, 
the Board may appoint another Chair on an interim or permanent basis. The Chair is bound to act in accordance 
with this mandate.
4. T enure
Each member of the Committee will be appointed annually by the Board and will hold office at the will of the 
Board or until their successor is appointed.
5. Removal and Vacancies
Any member of the Committee may be removed and replaced at any time by the Board and will also automatically 
cease to be a member of the Committee as soon as such member ceases to be a director. The Board may fill 
vacancies by appointing members of the Board to the Committee. If and whenever a vacancy exists, the remaining 
members may exercise all the powers of the Committee as long as a quorum remains in office.
1 US Insurance Companies: Atlantic Specialty Insurance Company, OBI National Insurance Company, OBI America Insurance Company, Homeland Insurance 
Company of New Y ork, Homeland Insurance Company of Delaware and The Guarantee Company of North America USA.
Schedule D
Annual Information Form 2024
47
III. Process and Operations
1. Meetings
The Committee meets at least four times per year and otherwise as needed. 
The external auditors are entitled to receive notice of, attend and be heard at each meeting of the Committee.
The Committee shall also meet from time to time with the Risk Management Committee of the Company, as required 
to fulfill their respective mandates.
The following individuals may call a meeting of the Committee at any time:
• Chair of the Committee
• The Chair of the Audit Committee of the Company’s subsidiaries in the United Kingdom 
• Group Chief Financial Officer (“Chief Financial Officer”)
• Group Chief Internal Auditor (“Chief Internal Auditor”)
• Group Chief Actuarial Officer (“Chief Actuarial Officer”)
• Company’s Canadian Appointed Actuary (the “Appointed Actuary”)
2. Private Meeting of the Committee and Private Meetings with Members of Management
Following each meeting, the Committee meets privately without the presence of Management. 
Following each regular meeting, the Committee meets in private with the Chief Financial Officer, the Chief Actuarial 
Officer, the Appointed Actuary, the Chief Internal Auditor and the external auditors and any other members 
of management required in respect of this mandate. The Committee may meet members of management 
in private after each non-regular meeting. The Committee may also meet with any other employees of the 
Group, as it deems appropriate.
3. Quorum
A quorum at any meeting shall be a simple majority of the members of the Committee.
4. Report to the Board
Following each meeting, the Committee reports to the Board on matters reviewed by the Committee.
IV. Duties and Responsibilities of the Committee
The Committee is responsible for compliance with financial regulatory requirements and ongoing assessment, 
monitoring, effectiveness, performance and objectivity of accounting and actuarial practices of the Group to 
ensure they are appropriate and within the bounds of acceptable practice. 
1. Internal Controls and Procedures 
The Committee oversees the quality and integrity of the Group’s internal controls and procedures, including 
those of its pension funds. The Committee requires management to design, implement and maintain internal 
controls and procedures appropriate to the Group and to make periodic reports to the Committee on the 
status of such controls and procedures. The Committee receives management’s reports on such controls and 
procedures, and it reviews, evaluates and approves them periodically. 
The Committee also establishes procedures for the receipt, retention and treatment of complaints received by 
the Group regarding accounting, internal accounting controls, or auditing matters. It also establishes procedures 
for the confidential, anonymous submissions by employees of the Group regarding questionable accounting  
or auditing matters.
Schedule D
Annual Information Form 2024
48
2. Chief Internal Auditor and Internal Audit Function
The Committee oversees the internal audit function of the Group. It reviews and recommends to the Board 
for approval, the annual internal audit plan. The Committee

---

lings, Returns and Disclosures
The Committee is responsible for reviewing the financial performance of all the operations of the Group including 
its pension funds and in this regard it reviews all the financial statements, and financial and business information 
publicly issued by the Group and those filed with regulators by the Company.
The Committee meets with the internal and the external auditors, the Chief Financial Officer, the Chief Actuarial 
Officer and the Appointed Actuary to discuss the financial statements and returns and the financial or business 
information documents mentioned above, and it approves them or recommends them to the Board for approval 
before their publication.
The Committee also approves the financial statements of the pension funds, after their review with management 
and after receiving the related external auditor and internal auditor reports.
6. Disclosure Overview
With regards to the Committee’s financial disclosure oversight function, the Committee reviews and approves 
the policies and procedures in place for the review of financial disclosures prior to their public release, as 
required by applicable legislation. 
The Committee also reviews and satisfies itself with the certification process, and reviews the certifications  
of the CEO and Chief Financial Officer as required by applicable legislation.
In executing its responsibilities, the Committee also oversees the Group’s compliance with legal and regulatory 
requirements related to financial reporting and disclosure including ESG and climate related disclosures subject  
to assurance.
7. Access to Management and all Oversight Functions
In order to facilitate the Committee’s oversight function with respect to the Group’s financial reporting and 
disclosure and internal controls and procedures, the Committee has direct access to all oversight functions 
and other internal and external experts, and may have private meetings with any of them, any member of 
management or any member of a subsidiary’s board of directors or audit committee at its discretion.
8. Oversight of the Chief Financial Officer, Chief Internal Auditor, the Chief Actuarial Officer and 
Appointed Actuary Functions
The Committee reviews and recommends to the Board for approval the appointment, assessment or termination 
(if applicable) of the Chief Financial Officer, the Chief Internal Auditor, the Chief Actuarial Officer and the Appointed 
Actuary. The Committee periodically reviews and approves the mandate of each of these functions and annually 
obtains the assurances that each function has the necessary budget, independence and resources to meet its 
mandate and reports any related issue to the Board before the Board approves the budget and plans of the Group.
In addition to the foregoing, the Committee shall be responsible for granting the person or persons performing the 
internal audit function for the US Insurance Companies suitable authority and resources to fulfill their responsibilities.
The Committee annually reviews the objectives and assesses the effectiveness of the referred oversight functions 
and reports to the Board in this regard. 
Schedule D
Annual Information Form 2024
50
V. Access to Independent Consultants
Regarding audit services, the Committee may retain and terminate, at the Company’s expense, such consultants 
as it deems necessary or advisable to carry out its duties.
Regarding non-audit services, the Committee may retain and terminate, at the Company’s expense, consultants, 
including the external auditors, as it deems necessary or advisable to carry out its duties. 
In case of differences of opinion between the members of the Committee or with management relating to the hiring 
of such consultants, the Board may decide on the issue or delegate the review of such issue to the Governance 
and Sustainability Committee.
VI. Delegation
The Committee may designate a sub-committee or individual(s) to review any matter the Committee can delegate 
by law.
VII. Self-Assessment
On an annual basis, the Committee evaluates and reviews the assessment reports on the adequacy of the 
Committee, its Chair and each of its members.
VIII. Committee Mandate
On an annual basis, and as may otherwise be required, the Committee reviews this mandate and recommends 
any changes to the Board.
Approved by the Board of Directors of Intact Financial Corporation, its Canadian P&C Subsidiaries and  
its US Insurance Companies on July 30, 2024.
Schedule D
Annual Information Form 2024
51
Intact Financial Corporation  
700 University Avenue  
T oronto, Ontario M5G 0A1

---

otes member of the Governance and Sustainability Committee
3 Denotes member of the Human Resources and Compensation Committee
4 Denotes member of the Risk Management Committee
Directors and executive officers
Annual Information Form 2024
27
Executive officers of the company
Each executive officer listed, other than the Chief Executive Officer whose details are provided in the table above, 
held the indicated position with the Company as at February 11, 2025 unless otherwise indicated and has held the 
principal occupation indicated during the past five years, except as otherwise indicated hereunder.1
Principal occupation during five preceding years
Name and 
residence
Position with the 
company (Within the company unless otherwise stated)
Ken Anderson
London, UK
Executive Vice President, 
CFO, RSA UK&I
Executive Vice President, CFO & Executive Director, RSA UK&I  
(2022 – present)2
Executive Vice President, Corporate Development & Investor 
Relations (2021 – 2022) 
Senior Vice President, Corporate Development & Investor 
Relations (2020 – 2021) 
Patrick Barbeau
Québec, Canada
Executive Vice President & 
Chief Operating Officer
Executive Vice President & Chief Operating Officer (2021 – present)
Senior Vice President, Claims (2016 – 2021)
Maude Choquette
Québec, Canada
Senior Vice President &  
Chief Internal Auditor
Senior Vice President & Chief Internal Auditor (2023 – present)
Deputy Senior Vice President & Chief Accounting Officer  
(2021 – 2023)
Vice President Finance & Controller (2016 – 2021)
Frédéric Cotnoir
Québec, Canada
Executive Vice President 
& Chief Legal Officer and 
Secretary
Executive Vice President & Chief Legal Officer and Secretary  
(2021 –present)
Senior Vice President, Corporate and Legal Services and 
Secretary (2016 – 2021)
Anne Fortin
Québec, Canada
President, Intact Insurance
President, Intact Insurance (2024 – present)
Executive Vice President, Direct Distribution and Chief 
Marketing & Communications Officer (2021 – 2023)
Senior Vice President, Direct Distribution and Chief Marketing 
Officer (2019 – 2021)
Louis Gagnon
Ontario, Canada
Chief Executive Officer, 
Canada
Chief Executive Officer, Canada (2021 – present)
President, Canadian Operations (2018 – 2021)
Isabelle Girard
Québec, Canada
Senior Vice President,  
Chief Data & Digital Officer
Senior Vice President, Chief Data & Digital Officer  
(2024 – present)
Senior Vice President & Chief Data Officer (2022 – 2023)
Senior Vice President, Personal Lines (2020 – 2022)
1 Lynn O’Leary to will be named Executive Vice President and President, Intact Specialty Lines, US in February 2025.
2 Louis Marcotte will step down as Executive Vice President and CFO on February 13, 2025, but will remain with the organization serving as IFC Vice Chair. Ken 
Anderson will succeed Mr. Marcotte as Executive Vice President and CFO, and will himself be succeeded by Karim Hirji, currently SVP, Integration & Managing 
Director, Intact Ventures, on the same date.
Executive officers of the company
Annual Information Form 2024
28
Principal occupation during five preceding years
Name and 
residence
Position with the 
company (Within the company unless otherwise stated)
Darren Godfrey
Alberta, Canada
Executive Vice President, 
Global Specialty Lines
Executive Vice President, Global Specialty Lines (2021 – present)
Senior Vice President, Commercial Lines, Intact Insurance 
(2020 – 2021)
Louis Marcotte
Québec, Canada
Executive Vice President & 
Chief Financial Officer
Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer (2021 – 2025)2
Senior Vice President & Chief Financial Officer (2013 – 2021)
Timothy  
Michael Miller
Minnesota, USA
Chief Executive Officer,  
Global Specialty Lines
Chief Executive Officer, Global Specialty Lines (2021 – present)
President, US and Specialty Solutions (2017 – 2021)
Benoit Morissette
Ontario, Canada
Executive Vice President,  
Chief Risk & Actuarial Officer
Executive Vice President, Chief Risk & Actuarial Officer (2021 – 
present)
Senior Vice President and Chief Risk and Actuarial Officer 
(2020 – 2021)
Werner 
Muehlemann
Québec, Canada
Executive Vice President & 
Managing Director, Intact 
Investment Management Inc.
Executive Vice President & Managing Director, Intact 
Investment Management Inc. (2021 – present)
Senior Vice President and Managing Director, Intact Investment 
Management Inc. (2014 – 2021)
Ken Norgrove
London, UK
Chief Executive Officer, UK&I
CEO, UK&I (2022 – present)
CEO, RSA Group Scandinavia Region (2019 – 2021)
Marie-Lucie 
Paradis
Québec, Canada
Senior Vice President,  
Direct Distribution
Senior Vice President, Direct Distribution (2021 – present)
Vice President, Strategic Distribution (2017 – 2021)
Robin Richardson
Ontario, Canada
Deputy Senior Vice 
President, Group Chief 
Compliance Officer
Deputy Senior Vice President, Group Chief Compliance Officer  
(2021 – present)
Senior Vice President, Chief Risk Officer and Chief Compliance 
Officer, RSA (2018 – 2021)
Carla Smith 
Ontario, Canada
Executive Vice-President 
& Chief Human Resources, 
Strategy and Climate Officer
Executive Vice-President and Chief Human Resources, 
Strategy and Climate Officer (2021 – present)
Senior Vice-President, Specialized Solutions Canada  
(2020 – 2021) 
Committees of the Board of Directors
Our Board of Directors has established four committees to which it delegates some of its functions: the Audit Committee, 
the Governance and Sustainability Committee, the Human Resources and Compensation Committee, and the Risk 
Management Committee. They, along with the Board of Directors and the boards of directors of our P&C insurance 
subsidiaries, ensure that the composition of the committees meets applicable statutory independence requirements as 
well as any other applicable legal and regulatory requirements.
Executive officers of the company
Annual Information Form 2024
29
Information on the Audit Committee
The Audit Committee is composed of Jane E. Kinney as Chair, Emmanuel Clarke, Janet De Silva, Frederick Singer and 
Carolyn A. Wilkins. Each member of the Audit Committee is independent and financially literate, and Ms. Kinney 
also qualifies as an audit financial expert. T

---

that 
report to our Board of Directors or one of its committees. Additional information about these committees is provided  
in the section entitled Risk management structure on pages 57 and 58 of our 2024 MD&A, which is incorporated 
herein by reference.
Executive officers of the company
Annual Information Form 2024
30
Shareholdings of Directors and Executive Officers
T o the knowledge of the Company, as at December 31, 2024, as a group, our directors and executive officers beneficially 
owned, directly or indirectly, or exercised control or direction over 768,048 of the outstanding Common Shares, 
representing 0.43% of the total number of Common Shares of the Company issued and outstanding at that date.
Cease T rade Orders, Bankruptcies, Penalties or Sanctions
T o the knowledge of the Company, no director or executive officer of the Company is, or has been within the last 10 years, 
a director, chief executive officer or chief financial officer of any company that was subject to a cease trade order or similar 
order or an order that denied the issuer access to any exemptions under Canadian securities legislation, for a period 
of more than 30 consecutive days, (a) while that person was acting as a director, chief executive officer or chief financial 
officer or (b) after that person ceased to be a director, chief executive officer or chief financial officer and which resulted 
from an event that occurred while that person was acting as a director, chief executive officer or chief financial officer. 
Further, to the knowledge of the Company, no director or executive officer of the Company, or shareholder holding a 
sufficient number of securities of the Company to affect materially the control of the Company is, or has been within 
the last 10 years, a director or executive officer of any company that, while that person was acting in that capacity, or 
within a year of that person ceasing to act in that capacity, became bankrupt, made a proposal under any legislation 
relating to bankruptcy or insolvency or was subject to or instituted any proceedings, arrangement or compromise 
with creditors or had a receiver, receiver manager or trustee appointed to hold its assets, except for the following: 
William L. Y oung, a director of the Company, served as a director of Pharmetics (2011) Inc., a private company, until  
he resigned in connection with its sale in September 2017. Approximately five months after the sale, in February 2018, 
Pharmetics filed a Notice of Intention to Make a Proposal under the Bankruptcy and Insolvency Act (Canada) and was 
subsequently declared bankrupt as of March 16, 2018. 
T o the knowledge of the Company, no director or executive officer of the Company, or shareholder holding a sufficient 
number of securities of the Company to affect materially the control of the Company has, within the last 10 years, become 
bankrupt, made a proposal under any legislation relating to bankruptcy or insolvency or was subject to or instituted 
any proceeding, arrangement or compromise with creditors or had a receiver, receiver manager or trustee appointed 
to hold their assets.
Conflicts of Interest
T o the knowledge of the Company, no director or executive officer of the Company has an existing or potential material 
conflict of interest with the Company or any of its subsidiaries.
Executive officers of the company
Annual Information Form 2024
31
Legal proceedings and  
regulatory actions 
In the normal course of carrying on our business, we become the subject of claims and are involved in various legal 
proceedings, including lawsuits, regulatory examinations, investigations, audits and reassessments by various parties 
including customers, suppliers, and government or regulatory agencies and authorities. 
In prior recent years we have disclosed potential material impact of class actions related to COVID-19 and claims 
made for business interruption coverage under policies requiring damage to trigger coverage. The class actions 
related to this issue in Canada have been dismissed and/or discontinued, and Canadian courts have confirmed 
that COVID-19 does not cause physical loss or damage to property. Although there are some ongoing class actions 
related to COVID-19, based on the developments of those remaining actions in Canada, and information currently 
known with respect to the situation outside of Canada, the Company does not believe that any remaining class 
actions related to COVID-19 will have a material adverse effect upon our financial condition or results of operations. 
We are not currently involved in any other material legal proceedings, nor are we aware of any other pending or 
threatened proceedings or claims for damages, where we believe the amount would exceed 10% of the current assets 
of the Company or would have a material adverse effect upon our financial condition or results of operations. We believe 
we have established adequate reserves in respect of legal proceedings to which we are a party. A discussion on the risk  
we face with respect to legal proceedings and regulatory actions can be found in the section entitled Legal risk on 
page 73 of our 2024 MD&A, which is incorporated herein by reference.
Legal proceedings and regulatory actions 
Annual Information Form 2024
32
Interest of management and others  
in material transactions
T o the knowledge of the Company, no director or officer of the Company, subsidiary, insider, nominee for election as 
director, or shareholder holding more than 10% of the voting shares of the Company had any interest in transactions 
within the three most recently completed financial years or during the current financial year that has or could 
reasonably have a material effect on the Company or on any of its subsidiaries.
Interest of management and others  in material transactions
Annual Information Form 2024
33
Transfer agent and registrar
The transfer agent and registrar for all existing classes of securities of the Company (Common Shares, Class A  
Shares and medium-term notes) is Computershare Investor Services Inc., at its offices in Vancouver, Calgary, 
Winnipeg, T oronto,