CNOOC Limited Focuses on Value Creation, Production and Profit Hit New Highs in H1 2026 Accessibility Statement Skip Navigation Resources Investor Relations Journalists Agencies Client Login Send a Release News Products Contact Search Search When typing in this field, a list of search results will appear and be automatically updated as you type. Searching for your content... No results found. Please change your search terms and try again. News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases All Public Company English-only News Releases Overview Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia All Photos All Videos Multimedia Gallery Overview Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Automotive & Transportation Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Supply Chain/Logistics Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview View All Auto & Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Blockchain Broadcast Tech Computer & Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Data Analytics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Financial Technology High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals Semiconductors Business Technology Overview View All Business Technology Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio & Podcast Television Entertain­ment & Media Overview View All Entertain­ment & Media Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Cryptocurrency Dividends Earnings Earnings Forecasts & Projections Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds Private Placement Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholder Activism Shareholder Meetings Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital Financial Services & Investing Overview View All Financial Services & Investing General Business All General Business Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News General Business Overview View All General Business Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Artificial Intelligence Blockchain Cloud Computing/Internet of Things Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Cryptocurrency Data Analytics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Financial Technology Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media STEM (Science, Tech, Engineering, Math) Supply Chain/Logistics Wireless Communications Consumer Technology Overview View All Consumer Technology Energy & Natural Resources All Energy Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas General Manufacturing Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Energy & Natural Resources Overview View All Energy & Natural Resources Environ­ment All Environ­ment Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Natural Disasters Environ­ment Overview View All Environ­ment Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building General Manufacturing HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machinery Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview View All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunications Equipment Telecommunications Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Telecomm­unications Overview View All Telecomm­unications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cannabis Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Household Products Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Consumer Products & Retail Overview View All Consumer Products & Retail Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio & Podcast Television Entertain­ment & Media Overview View All Entertain­ment & Media Health All Health Biometrics Biotechnology Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries Dentistry FDA Approval Fitness/Wellness Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control International Medical Approval Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Health Overview View All Health Sports All Sports General Sports Outdoors, Camping & Hiking Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Sports Overview View All Sports Travel All Travel Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Outdoors, Camping & Hiking Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Travel Overview View All Travel Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Congressional & Presidential Campaigns Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Natural Disasters Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy Policy & Public Interest Overview View All Policy & Public Interest People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Diversity, Equity & Inclusion Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Men's Interest People with Disabilities Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women People & Culture Overview View All People & Culture In-Language News Arabic español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederland Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Suomi Sverige Explore Our Platform Plan Campaigns Create with AI Distribute Press Releases Report Results Amplify Content All Products General Inquiries Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Hamburger menu Send a Release ALL CONTACT INFO Contact Us 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET --> Send a Release Client Login Resources Blog Journalists RSS --> News in Focus Browse All News Multimedia Gallery Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation Business Technology Entertain­ment & Media Financial Services & Investing General Business Science & Tech Consumer Technology Energy & Natural Resources Environ­ment Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Telecomm­unications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail Entertain­ment & Media Health Sports Travel Policy & Public Interest People & Culture People & Culture In-Language News --> Send a Release Client Login Resources Blog Journalists RSS Explore Our Platform Plan Campaigns Create with AI Distribute Press Releases Report Results Amplify Content All Products Send a Release Client Login Resources Blog Journalists RSS General Inquiries Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Send a Release Client Login Resources Blog Journalists RSS CNOOC Limited Focuses on Value Creation, Production and Profit Hit New Highs in H1 2026 USA - English APAC - Traditional Chinese APAC - English News provided by CNOOC Limited Aug 26, 2026, 06:22 ET Share this article Share to X Share this article Share to X HONG KONG , Aug. 26, 2026 /PRNewswire/ -- CNOOC Limited (the "Company", SEHK: 00883 (HKD Counter) and 80883 (RMB Counter), SSE: 600938) today announced its 2026 interim results. Navigating a complex global landscape and volatile oil markets, CNOOC Limited improved the coordination of production and operations, achieving record highs in multiple indicators including production and profit for the same period. Net production was 398.7 million BOE, a year-on-year ("YoY") growth of 3.7% Net profit attributable to equity shareholders reached RMB85.8 billion, a YoY increase of 23.4% Interim dividend was HK$0.94 per share (tax inclusive), with total dividend payout approximately RMB38.8 billion Performance Overview The Company remains focused on increasing reserves and production, and further strengthens the resource base. In the first half of the year, the Company made 4 new discoveries and successfully appraised 16 oil and gas bearing structures. Offshore China in the Bohai Bay, Luda 16-1 and Qinhuangdao 30-3 were discovered, and Kenli 10-6 was successfully appraised, demonstrating promising exploration prospects in new areas and new plays. In the South China Sea, Enping 11-1 was discovered, which could be brought on-stream fast by leveraging existing facilities. Wenchang 19-3 was successfully appraised, marking a major exploration breakthrough in the volcanic buried-hills in the Pearl River Mouth Basin. Overseas, active deployments in strategic areas continued. The Company entered 3 exploration blocks in Brazil and Indonesia. Among them, the Company for the first time as operator, acquired a new block in the pre-salt Santos Basin in Brazil. The Company remains committed to core business, and steadily improves the development efficiency of oil and gas fields. In the first half of the year, the Company's net production reached 398.7 million BOE, grew by 3.7% YoY, with both domestic and overseas net production recording growth. 5 new projects were successfully brought on-stream, including the Penglai 19-3 Oilfield 1/2/3/8/9 Area Secondary Adjustment Project, Weizhou 10-3 Oilfield West Area Development Project, Huizhou 25-8 Oilfield Comprehensive Adjustment Project, and Buzios8 project in Brazil. Besides, a batch of new projects are under rapid development. The Company refined the management of reservoirs to effectively control the natural decline rate of offshore oilfields, and enhance recovery factor, thereby ensuring stable production from the producing oilfields. In addition, adjustment wells and workover operations were carried out in an orderly manner, bringing incremental volumes. The Company continues to drive breakthroughs through technological innovation, and sharpens the edge of competitiveness. In the first half of the year, the Company focused on key exploration areas such as deep water and deep plays, to strengthen the theoretical foundation for efficient discovery of oil and gas resources. The application of key technologies for increasing reserves and production achieved remarkable results. The daily drilling efficiency hit a record high. Besides, breakthroughs in drilling offshore extended-reach wells effectively expanded the employable reserves. The Company formulated the scenario blueprint for the "Digital & Intelligent CNOOC" initiative, fully deployed the "Haineng-Zhiqing" digital platform, and strengthened the digital foundation for intelligent oil and gas fields. The intelligent injection-production interaction scenario for offshore oilfield production was selected as a high-value scenario at the 2026 World Artificial Intelligence Conference. The unmanned ratio of offshore platforms continued to climb, contributing to cost reduction and efficiency enhancement. The Company integrates green production of oil and gas with development of new energy sectors, and steadily advances its green and low-carbon transition. The Company endeavors to produce oil and gas in a cleaner way. The consumption of green electricity at offshore platforms continued to grow through onshore power projects. The recovery and utilization of associated gas was expanded. Integrated development of oil and gas and new energy was advanced. China's first tension-leg floating wind power platform "Haiyou Anlan" has been connected to the grid and is expected to supply 54 million kWh of green electricity annually to the oilfield. The construction of the deep-sea wind power demonstration project CZ7 was advanced. Carbon-negative sector was fostered. China's first offshore CCUS project was fully commissioned. The Company focuses on value creation, and achieves remarkable improvement in operational results. In the first half of the year, the Company generated an oil and gas sales revenue of RMB206.1 billion, representing a YoY increase of 20%. Net profit attributable to shareholders reached RMB85.8 billion, representing a YoY increase of 23.4%. Both set new records for the interim periods in the Company's history. The all-in cost was US$29.7 per BOE, remaining competitive. To actively reward shareholders, the Board of Directors has resolved to declare an interim dividend of HK$0.94 per share (tax inclusive) for the first half of 2026, with a dividend payout ratio of 45.2% and a total dividend payout approximately RMB38.8 billion, a new record high for the same period in history. 2026 Operation Targets CNOOC Limited's annual production target is 780-800 million BOE, and the capital expenditure budget is RMB112-122 billion. Mr. Zhang Chuanjiang, Chairman of the Company, said: "In the first half of the year, CNOOC Limited proactively coordinated production and operations and achieved satisfactory results. In the second half of the year, we will spare no effort to increase reserves and production, intensify research on core technologies, steadily advance new energy business, and further tap the potential for quality and efficiency improvement. We will strive to fulfill the annual production and business operation targets, and reward our shareholders with solid operating performance." — End — Notes to Editors: More information about the Company is available at https://www.cnoocltd.com . *** *** *** *** This press release includes forward-looking information, including statements regarding the likely future developments in the business of the Company and its subsidiaries, such as expected future events, business prospects or financial results. The words "expect", "anticipate", "continue", "estimate", "objective", "ongoing", "may", "will", "project", "should", "believe", "plans", "intends" and similar expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. These statements are based on assumptions and analyses made by the Company as of this date in light of its experience and its perception of historical trends, current conditions and expected future developments, as well as other factors that the Company currently believes are appropriate under the circumstances. However, whether actual results and developments will meet the current expectations and predictions of the Company is uncertain. Actual results, performance and financial condition may differ materially from the Company's expectations, as a result of salient factors including but not limited to those associated with macro-political and economic factors, fluctuations in crude oil and natural gas prices, the highly competitive nature of the oil and natural gas industry, climate change and environment policies, the Company's price forecast, mergers, acquisitions and divestments activities, "health, safety, security and environment" (HSSE) and insurance policies and changes in anti- corruption , anti- fraud , anti-money laundering and corporate governance laws. Consequently, all of the forward-looking statements made in this press release are qualified by these cautionary statements. The Company cannot assure that the results or developments anticipated will be realised or, even if substantially realised, that they will have the expected effect on the Company, its business or operations. *** *** *** *** For further enquiries, please contact: Zhang Feihu CNOOC Limited Tel: +86-10-8452-1421 E-mail: [email protected] Cheng Yao Ever Bloom (HK) Communications Consultants Group Limited Tel: +852 5540 0725 E-mail: [email protected] SOURCE CNOOC Limited 21 % more press release views with Request a Demo × Modal title Also from this source CNOOC Limited Achieves Strong Start with Dual Growth in Production and Performance in Q1 2026 CNOOC Limited ("the Company", SEHK: 00883 (HKD counter) and 80883 (RMB counter), SSE: 600938) today announced its operating results for the first... CNOOC Limited Released 2025 Environmental, Social and Governance Report CNOOC Limited ("the Company", SEHK: 00883 (HKD counter) and 80883 (RMB counter), SSE: 600938) released its 2025 Environmental, Social and Governance... More Releases From This Source Explore Oil & Energy Utilities Gas Oil and Gas Discoveries News Releases in Similar Topics --> Contact PR Newswire Call PR Newswire at 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 9 PM ET Chat with an Expert Contact Us General Inquiries Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices --> Products Explore Our Platform Plan Campaigns Create with AI Distribute Press Releases Report Results Amplify Content About About PR Newswire About Cision Careers Accessibility Statement Global Sites APAC APAC - Simplified Chinese APAC - Traditional Chinese Brazil Canada Czech Denmark Finland France Germany India Indonesia Israel Italy Japan Korea Mexico Middle East Middle East - Arabic Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Russia Slovakia Spain Sweden United Kingdom Vietnam My Services All New Releases Platform Login Data Privacy Do not sell or share my personal information : Submit via [email protected] Call Privacy toll-free: 877-297-8921 Contact PR Newswire Products About My Services All News Releases Platform Login ProfNet Call PR Newswire at 888-776-0942 Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Site Map RSS Cookies Copyright © 2026 Cision US Inc. --> -->