TABLE OF CONTENTS Page ARTICLE 1 DEFINITIONS Section 1.01. Definitions 1 Section 1.02. Accounting Terms and Determinations 29 Section 1.03. Types of Borrowings 29 Section 1.04. Exchange Rates; Currency Equivalents 30 Section 1.05. Interpretation, Etc. 30 Section 1.06. German Terms 30 Section 1.07. Dutch Terms 30 Section 1.08. Irish Terms 31 Section 1.09. Interest Rates; Licensing 31 ARTICLE 2 THE CREDITS Section 2.01. Commitments to Lend 32 Section 2.02. Making of Committed Borrowings 33 Section 2.03. Competitive Bid Borrowings 34 Section 2.04. Notice to Lenders; Funding of Loans 37 Section 2.05. Registry; Notes 38 Section 2.06. Maturity of Loans 39 Section 2.07. Interest Rates 39 Section 2.08. Fees 41 Section 2.09. Optional Termination or Reduction of Commitments 41 Section 2.10. Method of Electing Interest Rates 41 Section 2.11. Scheduled Termination of Commitments 43 Section 2.12. Optional Prepayments 43 Section 2.13. General Provisions as to Payments 44 Section 2.14. Funding Losses 45 Section 2.15. Computation of Interest and Fees 45 Section 2.16. [Reserved] 45 Section 2.17. Takeout of Swingline Loans 45 Section 2.18. Defaulting Lenders 46 Section 2.19. Option 48 Section 2.20. [Reserved] 48 Section 2.21. Currency Fluctuation 48 Section 2.22. Subsidiary Borrowers 49 ARTICLE 3 CONDITIONS Section 3.01. Effectiveness 49 Section 3.02. Borrowings 51 Section 3.03. First Borrowing by Each Additional Subsidiary Borrower 51 Section 3.04. Signing Date 52 -i- ARTICLE 4 REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES Section 4.01. Existence and Power 52 Section 4.02. Corporate and Governmental Authorization; No Contravention 52 Section 4.03. Binding Effect 53 Section 4.04. Financial Information 53 Section 4.05. Litigation 53 Section 4.06. Compliance with ERISA 53 Section 4.07. Environmental Matters 54 Section 4.08. Not an Investment Company 54 Section 4.09. Affected Financial Institutions 54 Section 4.10. Beneficial Ownership Certificate 54 Section 4.11. Sanctions 54 Section 4.12. Members of the Same Group 54 Section 4.13. Tax Residence 54 ARTICLE 5 COVENANTS Section 5.01. Information 55 Section 5.02. Maintenance of Existence, Property and Insurance 56 Section 5.03. Negative Pledge 57 Section 5.04. Consolidations, Mergers and Sales of Assets 58 Section 5.05. Use of Proceeds 59 Section 5.06. Sanctions 59 Section 5.07. Laws 59 ARTICLE 6 DEFAULTS Section 6.01. Events of Default 60 Section 6.02. Acceleration 62 Section 6.03. Notice of Default 62 Section 6.04. [Reserved] 62 Section 6.05. Rescission 62 ARTICLE 7 THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT Section 7.01. Appointment and Authority 62 Section 7.02. Rights as a Lender 63 Section 7.03. Exculpatory Provisions 63 Section 7.04. Reliance by Administrative Agent 64 Section 7.05. Delegation of Duties 64 Section 7.06. Resignation of the Administrative Agent 64 Section 7.07. on Administrative Agent and Other Lenders 65 Section 7.08. No Other Duties, Etc. 65 Section 7.09. Administrative Agent May File Proofs of Claim 66 Section 7.10. [Reserved] 66 Section 7.11. Recovery of Erroneous Payments 66 -ii- ARTICLE 8 CHANGE IN CIRCUMSTANCES Section 8.01. Inability to Determine Term SOFR Rate; Successor Rate 67 Section 8.02. Inability to Determine Relevant Rates for Alternative Currencies; Successor Rates 69 Section 8.03. Increased Cost and Reduced Return 71 Section 8.04. Taxes 72 Section 8.05. Illegality 80 Section 8.06. Substitution of Lender; Termination Option 81 ARTICLE 9 REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF SUBSIDIARY BORROWERS Section 9.01. Existence and Power 82 Section 9.02. Corporate Governmental Authorization; No Contravention 82 Section 9.03. Binding Effect 82 ARTICLE 10 GUARANTY Section 10.01. The Guaranty 82 Section 10.02. Guaranty Unconditional 83 Section 10.03. Discharge Only upon Payment in Full; Reinstatement in Certain Circumstances 83 Section 10.04. Waiver by the Company 84 Section 10.05. Subrogation 84 Section 10.06. Stay of Acceleration 84 Section 10.07. Additional Guarantors 84 Section 10.08. Linde GmbH Guarantee 85 Section 10.09. Release of Subsidiary Guarantees 86 ARTICLE 11 MISCELLANEOUS Section 11.01. Notices 86 Section 11.02. No Waivers 87 Section 11.03. Expenses; Indemnification 87 Section 11.04. Sharing of 88 Section 11.05. Amendments and Waivers 88 Section 11.06. Successors and Assigns 89 Section 11.07. [Reserved] 92 Section 11.08. Governing Law; Submission to Jurisdiction; Waiver of Jury Trial 92 Section 11.09. Integration 92 Section 11.10. Treatment of Certain Information; Confidentiality 93 Section 11.11. Severability 93 Section 11.12. Acknowledgement and Consent to of Affected Financial Institutions 94 Section 11.13. Collateral 94 Section 11.14. Judgment Currency 94 Section 11.15. Patriot Act and Beneficial Ownership Regulation Notice 94 Section 11.16. No Advisory or Fiduciary Responsibility 95 Section 11.17. Electronic Execution; Electronic Records, Counterparts 95 Section 11.18. Certain ERISA Matters 96 -iii- Pricing Schedule Commitment Schedule Notices Schedule Exhibit A – Note Exhibit B – Competitive Bid Quote Request Exhibit C – Invitation for Competitive Bid Quotes Exhibit D – Competitive Bid Quote Exhibit E – Election to Participate Exhibit F – Election to Terminate Exhibit G – Opinion of Counsel for a Subsidiary Borrower Exhibit H – Assignment and Assumption Exhibit I – Notice of Committed Borrowing Exhibit J – Additional Guarantor Supplement Exhibit K – Election to Terminate a Subsidiary Guarantee -iv- CREDIT AGREEMENT CREDIT AGREEMENT dated as of December 3, 2025 (this “ Agreement ”) among Linde plc, a public limited company incorporated under the laws of Ireland with registered number 606357, the Subsidiary Borrowers (as defined herein), certain Subsidiary Guarantors (as defined herein), the Lenders, the Swingline Lenders and Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent. The parties hereto agree as follows: ARTICLE 1 D EFINITIONS Section 1.01. Definitions . The following terms, as used herein, have the following meanings: “ Absolute Rate Auction ” means a solicitation of Competitive Bid Quotes setting forth Competitive Bid Absolute Rates pursuant to Section 2.03. “ Additional Guarantor Supplement ” means an agreement in substantially the form of Exhibit J with which a Subsidiary may become a Subsidiary Guarantor by executing and delivering to the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 10.07. “ Administrative Agent ” means Bank of America, in its capacity as administrative agent for the Lenders under the Loan Documents, and its successors in such capacity. “ Administrative Agent’s Office ” means, with respect to any currency, the Administrative Agent’s address set forth on the Notices Schedule or such other address or account, with respect to such currency, as the Administrative Agent may from time to time notify to the Company and the Lenders. “ Administrative Questionnaire ” means, with respect to each Lender, an administrative questionnaire in the form prepared by the Administrative Agent and submitted to the Administrative Agent (which shall promptly following receipt thereof give a copy to the Company) duly completed by such Lender. “ Affected Financial Institution ” means (a) any EEA Financial Institution or (b) any UK Financial Institution. “ Affiliate ” means, with respect to any Person, another Person that directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, Controls or is Controlled by or is under common Control with the Person specified. “ Agreement ” has the meaning set forth in the Preamble hereto. “ Alternative Currency ” means an Approved Currency other than Dollars. “ Alternative Currency Daily Rate ” means, for any day, with respect to any Borrowing: (a) denominated in Pounds Sterling, the rate per annum equal to SONIA determined pursuant to the definition thereof; and (b) denominated in any other Alternative Currency (to the extent the Loans denominated in such currency will bear interest at a daily rate), the daily rate per annum as designated with respect to such Alternative Currency at the time such Alternative Currency is approved by the Administrative Agent and the relevant Lenders pursuant to the definition of “Approved Currencies”, plus the adjustment (if any) reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent and the Lenders (in consultation with the Company) at the time such Alternative Currency is approved by the Administrative Agent and the relevant Lenders pursuant to the definition of “Approved Currencies”; provided , that, if any Alternative Currency Daily Rate shall be less than 0.00%, such rate shall be deemed 0.00% for purposes of this Agreement. Any change in an Alternative Currency Daily Rate shall be effective from and including the date of such change without further notice. “ Alternative Currency Daily Rate Auction ” means a solicitation of Competitive Bid Quotes setting forth Competitive Bid Alternative Currency Term Rates based on the applicable Alternative Currency Term Rate pursuant to Section 2.03. “ Alternative Currency Daily Rate Loan ” means a Syndicated Loan that bears interest at a rate based on the definition of “Alternative Currency Daily Rate”. “ Alternative Currency Daily Rate Margin ” means, with respect to Alternative Currency Daily Rate Loans, a rate per annum determined in accordance with the Pricing Schedule. “ Alternative Currency Loan ” means an Alternative Currency Daily Rate Loan or an Alternative Currency Term Rate Loan, as applicable. “ Alternative Currency Successor Rate ” has the meaning set forth in Section 8.02(b). “ Alternative Currency Term Rate ” means, for any Interest Period, with respect to any Borrowing: (a) denominated in Euros, the rate per annum equal to the Euro Interbank Offered Rate (“ EURIBOR ”), as published on the applicable Reuters screen page (or such other commercially available source providing such quotations as may be designated by the Administrative Agent from time to time) on the day that is two TARGET Days preceding the first day of such Interest Period with a term equivalent to such Interest Period; and (b) denominated in any other Alternative Currency (to the extent the Loans denominated in such currency will bear interest at a term rate), the term rate per annum as designated with respect to such Alternative Currency at the time such Alternative Currency is approved by the Administrative Agent and the relevant Lenders pursuant to the definition of “Approved Currencies”, plus the adjustment (if any) reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent and the Lenders (in consultation with the Company) at the time such Alternative Currency is approved by the Administrative Agent and the relevant Lenders pursuant to the definition of “Approved Currencies”; provided , that, if any Alternative Currency Term Rate shall be less than 0.00%, such rate shall be deemed 0.00% for purposes of this Agreement. “ Alternative Currency Term Rate Auction ” means a solicitation of Competitive Bid Quotes setting forth Competitive Bid Alternative Currency Term Rates based on the applicable Alternative Currency Term Rate pursuant to Section 2.03. -2- “ Alternative Currency Term Rate Loan ” means a Syndicated Loan that bears interest at a rate based on the definition of “Alternative Currency Term Rate”. “ Alternative Currency Term Rate Margin ” means, with respect to Alternative Currency Term Rate Loans, a rate per annum determined in accordance with the Pricing Schedule. “ Applicable Authority ” means, (a) with respect to SOFR, the SOFR Administrator or any Governmental Authority having jurisdiction over the Administrative Agent or the SOFR Administrator with respect to its publication of SOFR, in each case acting in such capacity and (b) with respect to any Alternative Currency, the applicable administrator for the Relevant Rate for such Alternative Currency or any Governmental Authority having jurisdiction over the Administrative Agent or such administrator with respect to its publication of the applicable Relevant Rate, in each case acting in such capacity. “Applicable Date ” has the meaning set forth in Section 8.03(a). “ Applicable Lending Office ” means, with respect to any Lender and any Loan made by it hereunder to any Borrower, its office located at its address set forth in its Administrative Questionnaire (or identified in its Administrative Questionnaire as its Applicable Lending Office for Loans of that nature) or such other office, branch or Affiliate of such Lender as it may hereafter designate as its Applicable Lending Office for such purpose by not less than five Business Days’ notice to the Company and the Administrative Agent, which office may include any Affiliate of such Lender or any domestic or foreign branch of such Lender or such Affiliate. Unless the context otherwise requires each reference to a Lender shall include its Applicable Lending Office. “ Applicable Portion ” means, with respect to any Borrower for any period, the amount equal to (A) (i) the Applicable Unused Amount of such Borrower during such period divided by (ii) the sum of the Applicable Unused Amounts of all Borrowers during such period times (B) the per annum rate set forth as the “Commitment Fee Rate” on the Pricing Schedule (determined daily in accordance with the Pricing Schedule) times the daily aggregate unused amount of the Commitments for such period ( provided that Competitive Bid Loans and Swingline Loans shall not be deemed usage of the Commitments for the purpose of calculating commitment fees of any Lender that is not the Lender of such Competitive Bid Loans or Swingline Loans). The aggregate of the Applicable Portion of all Borrowers for any period shall equal the per annum rate set forth as the “Commitment Fee Rate” on the Pricing Schedule (determined daily in accordance with the Pricing Schedule) times the daily aggregate unused amount of the Commitments for such period; provided that Competitive Bid Loans and Swingline Loans shall not be deemed usage of the Commitments for the purpose of calculating commitment fees of any Lender that is not the Lender of such Competitive Bid Loans or Swingline Loans. “ Applicable Unused Amount ” means, with respect to any Borrower for any period, the amount equal to (x) the total Commitments minus (y) the daily aggregate amount of the Commitments used by such Borrower during such period. “ Approved Currencies ” means Dollars, Euro and Pounds Sterling; provided that any other currency may also be an Approved Currency if (i) the Company requests, by notice to the Administrative Agent, that such currency be included as an additional Approved Currency for purposes of this Agreement, (ii) such currency is freely traded in a recognized foreign exchange market and (iii) each Lender, by notice to the Administrative Agent, approves the inclusion of such currency as an additional Approved Currency for purposes hereof. The Lenders’ approval of any such additional Approved Currency may be limited to a specified maximum Dollar Amount or a specified period of time or both. “ Assignee ” has the meaning set forth in Section 11.06(c). -3- “ Assignment and Assumption ” means an assignment and assumption entered into by a Lender and an Assignee (with the consent of any party whose consent is required by Section 11.06(c)), and accepted by the Administrative Agent, in substantially the form of Exhibit H . “ Assignment Taxes ” has the meaning set forth in Section 8.04(a). “ Associated Entity ” means, in respect of an entity (in this definition referred to as “the first mentioned entity”), another entity: (a) which directly or indirectly, possesses or is beneficially entitled to: (i) where the entity is an entity having share capital, more than 50% of the issued share capital of the entity, or (ii) where the entity is an entity not having share capital, an interest of more than 50% of the ownership rights in the entity, (b) which directly or indirectly, is entitled to exercise more than 50% of the voting power in the entity, (c) which directly or indirectly, holds such rights as would: (i) (where the entity is a company), if the whole of the profits of that entity were distributed, entitle the other entity, directly or indirectly, to receive more than 50% of the profits so distributed, or (ii) (where the entity is an entity other than a company), if the share of the profits of that entity to which the other entity is entitled, directly or indirectly, is more than 50%, (d) which has definite influence in the management of the entity or where the entity has definite influence in the management of such entity, where, for these purposes, “definite influence in the management of an entity” means the ability to participate, on the board of directors or equivalent governing body of such entity, in the financial and operating policy decisions of such entity, where that ability causes, or could cause, the affairs of such entity to be conducted in accordance with its wishes, or (e) where there is another entity in respect of which the two entities are, in accordance with clause (a), (b), (c) or (d), Associated Entities. “ Action ” means the exercise of any and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority in respect of any liability of an Affected Financial Institution. “ Legislation ” means (a) with respect to any EEA Member Country implementing Article 55 of Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of the European Union, the implementing law, regulation, rule or requirement for such EEA Member Country from time to time which is described in the EU Legislation Schedule and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, Part I of the United Kingdom Banking Act 2009 (as amended from time to time) and any other law, regulation or rule applicable in the United Kingdom relating to the resolution of unsound or failing banks, investment firms or other financial institutions or their affiliates (other than through liquidation, administration or other insolvency proceedings). -4- “ Bank of America ” means Bank of America, N.A., and its successors. “ Base Rate ” means for any day a fluctuating rate of interest per annum equal to the highest of (a) the Federal Funds Rate plus 1/2 of 1%, (b) the rate of interest in effect for such day as publicly announced from time to time by Bank of America as its “prime rate,” (c) Term SOFR plus 1.00% and (d) 0.00%. The “prime rate” is a rate set by Bank of America based upon various factors including Bank of America’s costs and desired return, general economic conditions and other factors, and is used as a reference point for pricing some loans, which may be priced at, above, or below such announced rate. Any change in such prime rate announced by Bank of America shall take effect at the opening of business on the day specified in the public announcement of such change. If the Base Rate is being used as an alternate rate of interest pursuant to Section 8.01 hereof, then the Base Rate shall be the greater of clauses (a), (b) and (d) above and shall be determined without reference to clause (c) above. “ Base Rate Loan ” means a Loan that bears interest by reference to the Base Rate pursuant to the applicable Notice of Committed Borrowing or Notice of Interest Rate Election or the provisions of Article 8. “ Base Rate Margin ” means a rate per annum determined in accordance with the Pricing Schedule. “ Beneficial Ownership Certification ” means a certification regarding beneficial ownership required by the Beneficial Ownership Regulation. “ Beneficial Ownership Regulation ” means 31 C.F.R. § 1010.230. “ Benefit Arrangement ” means at any time an employee benefit plan within the meaning of Section 3(3) of ERISA which is not a Plan or a Multiemployer Plan and which is maintained or otherwise contributed to by any member of the ERISA Group. “ Benefit Plan ” means any of (a) an “employee benefit plan” (as defined in ERISA) that is subject to Title I of ERISA, (b) a “plan” as defined in and subject to Section 4975 of the Internal Revenue Code or (c) any Person whose assets include (for purposes of ERISA Section 3(42) or otherwise for purposes of Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Internal Revenue Code) the assets of any such “employee benefit plan” or “plan.” “ Blocking Law ” means: (i) any provision of Council ( Regulation EC) No 2271/1996 of 22 November 1996 (or any law or regulation implementing such Regulation in any member state of the European Union or the United Kingdom); (ii) Section 7 of the German Foreign Trade Regulation ( Au ß enwirtschaftsverordnung ) or (iii) any similar blocking or law. “ Borrower ” means the Company or any Subsidiary Borrower, as the context may require, and their respective successors, and “ Borrowers ” means all of the foregoing. When used in relation to any Loan, references to “the Borrower” are to the particular Borrower to which such Loan is or is to be made. -5- “ Borrower DTTP Filing ” means a HM Revenue & Customs Form DTTP2 duly completed and filed by the relevant UK Obligor, which: (a) where it relates to a UK Treaty Lender that is a Lender on the Effective Date, contains the scheme reference number and jurisdiction of tax residence stated opposite that Lender’s name in the Commitment Schedule, and (i) where the relevant UK Obligor is a Borrower on the Effective Date, is filed with HM Revenue & Customs within 30 days of the Effective Date; or (ii) where the relevant UK Obligor is not a Borrower on the Effective Date, is filed with HM Revenue & Customs within 30 days of the date on which that UK Obligor (x) becomes a Borrower or (y) is obliged to make a payment under Article 10; or (b) where it relates to a UK Treaty Lender that is not a Lender on the Effective Date, contains the scheme reference number and jurisdiction of tax residence stated in respect of that Lender in the Assignment and Assumption pursuant to which it becomes a Lender, and (i) where the relevant UK Obligor is a Borrower as at the date on which that UK Treaty Lender becomes a Lender, is filed with HM Revenue & Customs within 30 days of that date; or (ii) where the relevant UK Obligor is not a Borrower as at the date that UK Treaty Lender becomes a Lender, is filed with HM Revenue & Customs within 30 days of the date on which that UK Obligor (x) becomes a Borrower or (y) is obliged to make a payment under Article 10. “ Borrower Materials ” has the meaning set forth in Section 5.01. “ Borrowing ” has the meaning set forth in Section 1.03. “ Business Day ” means any day other than a Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks are authorized to close under the laws of, or are in fact closed in, the state where the Administrative Agent’s Office with respect to obligations hereunder denominated in Dollars is located and: (a) if such day relates to any interest rate settings as to an Alternative Currency Loan denominated in Euro, any fundings, disbursements, settlements and payments in Euro in respect of any such Alternative Currency Loan, or any other dealings in Euro to be carried out pursuant to this Agreement in respect of any such Alternative Currency Loan, means a TARGET Day; (b) if such day relates to any interest rate settings as to an Alternative Currency Loan denominated in Pounds Sterling, means a day other than a day banks are closed for general business in London because such day is a Saturday, Sunday or a legal holiday under the laws of the United Kingdom; and (c) if such day relates to any fundings, disbursements, settlements and payments in a currency other than Euro or Pounds Sterling in respect of an Alternative Currency Loan denominated in a currency other than Euro or Pounds Sterling, or any other dealings in any currency other than Euro or Pounds Sterling to be carried out pursuant to this Agreement in respect of any such Alternative Currency Loan (other than any interest rate settings), means any such day on which banks are open for foreign exchange business in the principal financial center of the country of such currency. “ Calendar Quarter ” means a period consisting of (i) each January, February, and March, (ii) each April, May and June, (iii) each July, August and September or (iv) each October, November and December. -6- “ Cash Collateral ” shall have a meaning correlative to the foregoing and shall include the proceeds of such cash collateral and other credit support. “ Cash Collateralize ” means to pledge and deposit with or deliver to the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Administrative Agent, Swingline Lender and the Lenders, as collateral for obligations in respect of Swingline Loans or obligations of Lenders to fund participations in respect thereof (as the context may require), cash or deposit account balances or, if the Swingline Lender benefitting from such collateral shall agree in its sole discretion, other credit support, in each case pursuant to documentation in form and substance satisfactory to (a) the Administrative Agent and (b) the Swingline Lender. “ CDD Rule ” means the Customer Due Diligence Requirements for Financial Institutions issued by the U.S. Department of Treasury Financial Crimes Enforcement Network under the Bank Secrecy Act (such rule published May 11, 2016 and effective May 11, 2018, as amended from time to time). “ Change in Law ” means the occurrence, after the date of this Agreement, of any of the following: (a) the adoption or taking effect of any law, rule, regulation or treaty, (b) any change in any law, rule, regulation or treaty or in the administration, interpretation, implementation or application thereof by any Governmental Authority or (c) the making or issuance of any request, rule, guideline or directive (whether or not having the force of law) by any Governmental Authority; provided that notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, (x) the Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and all requests, rules, guidelines or directives thereunder or issued in connection therewith and (y) all requests, rules, guidelines or directives promulgated by the Bank for International Settlements, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (or any successor or similar authority) or the United States regulatory authorities, in each case pursuant to Basel III, shall in each case be deemed to be a “Change in Law” after the date of this Agreement, regardless of the date enacted, adopted or issued. “ Change of Control ” has the meaning set forth in Section 6.01(i). “ CME ” means CME Group Benchmark Administration Limited. “ Commitment ” means (i) with respect to each Lender, the amount of such Lender’s Commitment, as such amount is set forth opposite the name of such Lender on the Commitment Schedule under the heading “Commitment,” and (ii) with respect to any Assignee, the amount of the transferor Lender’s Commitment assigned to it pursuant to Section 11.06(c), in each case as such amount may be changed from time to time pursuant to Section 2.09 or 11.06(c); provided that, if the context so requires, the term “Commitment” means the obligation of a Lender to extend credit up to such amount to the Borrowers hereunder. “ Commitment Schedule ” means the Commitment Schedule attached hereto. “ Committed Loan ” means a Syndicated Loan or a Swingline Loan. “ Communication ” means this Agreement, any Loan Document and any document, amendment, approval, consent, information, notice, certificate, request, statement, disclosure or authorization related to any Loan Document. “ Company ” means Linde plc, a public limited company incorporated under the laws of Ireland (with registration number 606357), and its successors. “ Company Obligations ” has the meaning set forth in Section 10.01(b). -7- “ Competitive Bid Absolute Rate ” has the meaning set forth in Section 2.03(d)(ii)(E). “ Competitive Bid Absolute Rate Loan ” means a loan to be made by a Lender pursuant to an Absolute Rate Auction. “ Competitive Bid Alternative Currency Daily Rate ” has the meaning set forth in Section 2.03(d)(ii)(D). “ Competitive Bid Alternative Currency Daily Rate Loan ” means a loan to be made by a Lender pursuant to an Alternative Currency Daily Rate Auction. “ Competitive Bid Alternative Currency Term Rate ” has the meaning set forth in Section 2.03(d)(ii)(D). “ Competitive Bid Alternative Currency Term Rate Loan ” means a loan to be made by a Lender pursuant to an Alternative Currency Term Rate Auction. “ Competitive Bid Borrowing ” has the meaning set forth in Section 1.03. “ Competitive Bid Loan ” means a Competitive Bid Alternative Currency Daily Rate Loan, a Competitive Bid Term SOFR Rate Loan, a Competitive Bid Alternative Currency Term Rate Loan or a Competitive Bid Absolute Rate Loan. “ Competitive Bid Quote ” has the meaning set forth in Section 2.03(d)(i). “ Competitive Bid Quote Request ” has the meaning set forth in Section 2.03(b). “ Competitive Bid Term SOFR Rate ” has the meaning set forth in Section 2.03(d)(ii)(C). “ Competitive Bid Term SOFR Rate Loan ” means a loan to be made by a Lender pursuant to a Term SOFR Auction. “ Conforming Changes ” means, with respect to the use, administration of or any conventions associated with SOFR, Daily Simple SOFR, Term SOFR, SONIA, EURIBOR or any proposed Successor Rate, as applicable, any conforming changes to the definitions of “Base Rate”, “Interest Period”, “SOFR”, “Daily Simple SOFR”, “Term SOFR”, “SONIA”, “EURIBOR”, the timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest and other technical, administrative or operational matters (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the definitions of “Business Day” and “U.S. Government Securities Business Day”, the timing of borrowing requests or prepayment, conversion or continuation notices, and the length of lookback periods) as may be appropriate, in the reasonable discretion of the Administrative Agent in consultation with the Company to reflect the adoption and implementation of such applicable rate(s) and to permit the administration thereof by the Administrative Agent in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Administrative Agent reasonably determines that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or that no market practice for the administration of such rate exists, in such other manner of administration as the Administrative Agent, in consultation with the Company, determines is reasonably necessary in connection with the administration of this Agreement). “ Consolidated Net Tangible Assets ” means, at any time of determination, the total Net Tangible Assets of the Company and its Consolidated Subsidiaries, determined on a consolidated basis as of the date of the Company’s last published consolidated balance sheet preceding the time of determination. -8- “ Consolidated Subsidiary ” means, with respect to any Person, at any date, any Subsidiary of such Person or other entity the accounts of which would be consolidated with those of such Person in its consolidated financial statements if such statements were prepared as of such date. “ Control ” means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of a Person, whether through the ability to exercise voting power, by contract or otherwise. “ Controlling ” and “ Controlled ” have meanings correlative thereto. “ Credit Exposure ” means, with respect to any Lender at any time, (i) the amount of its Commitment (whether used or unused) at such time or (ii) if the Commitments have terminated in their entirety, the sum of the aggregate Dollar Amount of its Loans at such time (including any participations in Swingline Loans purchased by it and excluding any participations in Swingline Loans sold by it). “ Liabilities ” has the meaning set forth in Section 10.08. “ CTA ” has the meaning specified in clause (a)(i) of the definition of “UK Qualifying Lender.” “ Daily Simple SOFR ” means the rate per annum equal to SOFR determined for any day pursuant to the definition thereof. Any change in Daily Simple SOFR shall be effective from and including the date of such change without further notice. If the rate as so determined shall be less than 0.00%, such rate shall be deemed 0.00% for purposes of this Agreement. “ Daily Simple SOFR Loan ” means a Loan that bears interest by reference to Daily Simple SOFR pursuant to the applicable Notice of Committed Borrowing or Notice of Interest Rate Election. “ Daily Simple SOFR Margin ” means, with respect to Daily Simple SOFR Loans, a rate per annum determined in accordance with the Pricing Schedule. “ Daily Simple SOFR Scheduled Unavailability Date ” has the meaning set forth in Section 8.01(b)(ii). “ Debt ” of any Person means at any date, without duplication, to the extent required in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles to be included in the financial statements of such Person or the footnotes thereto: (i) all obligations of such Person for borrowed money; (ii) all obligations of such Person evidenced by bonds, debentures or notes; (iii) all obligations of such Person for installment purchase transactions involving the purchase of property or services over $5,000,000 for any particular transaction, except trade accounts payable and expense accruals arising in the ordinary course of business; (iv) all obligations of such Person as lessee which are capitalized in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; (v) all obligations of such Person to reimburse any bank or other Person in respect of amounts paid under a letter of credit; and (vi) all Debt of others Guaranteed by such Person. -9- “ Default ” means any condition or event which constitutes an Event of Default or which with the giving of notice or lapse of time or both would, unless cured or waived, become an Event of Default. “ Defaulting Lender ” means, subject to Section 2.18(c), any Lender that (a) has failed to perform any of its funding obligations hereunder, including in respect of its Loans or participations in respect of Swingline Loans, within three Business Days of the date required to be funded by it hereunder, (b) has notified any Borrower or the Administrative Agent that it does not intend to comply with its funding obligations or has made a public statement to that effect with respect to its funding obligations hereunder or generally under other agreements in which it commits to extend credit, (c) has failed, within three Business Days after written request by the Administrative Agent or the Company, to confirm in writing that it will comply with its funding obligations, or (d) has, or has a direct or indirect parent company that has, (i) become the subject of a proceeding under any bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar law now or hereafter in effect, (ii) had a receiver, conservator, trustee, administrator, assignee for the benefit of creditors or similar Person charged with reorganization or liquidation of its business or a custodian appointed for it, (iii) taken any action in furtherance of, or indicated its consent to, approval of or acquiescence in any such proceeding or appointment or (iv) become the subject of a Action; provided that a Lender shall not be a Defaulting Lender (x) solely by virtue of the ownership or acquisition of any equity interest in that Lender or any direct or indirect parent company thereof by a Governmental Authority so long as such ownership interest does not result in or provide such Lender with immunity from the jurisdiction of courts within the United States or from the enforcement of judgments or writs of attachment on its assets or permit such Lender (or such Governmental Authority) to reject, repudiate, disavow or disaffirm any contract or agreement made with such Lender and (y) with respect to clauses (a) through (c) above, if such Lender’s failure to fund is based on such Lender’s reasonable good faith determination that any applicable condition in Article 3 has not been satisfied and such Lender has notified the Administrative Agent and the Company in writing (which writing shall specifically identify each such condition precedent, together with any applicable default) prior to the time of such proposed funding. “ Delaware LLC ” means any limited liability company organized or formed under the laws of the State of Delaware. “ Delaware LLC Division ” means the statutory division of any Delaware LLC into two or more Delaware LLCs pursuant to Section 18-217 of the Delaware Limited Liability Company Act. “ Designated Jurisdiction ” means, at any time, any country or territory that is the subject or target of territorial Sanctions ( i.e. , such countries and territories on the date of this Agreement are Crimea, Cuba, Iran, North Korea, the Donetsk People’s Republic and the Luhansk People’s Republic, and controlled areas of the Kherson and Zaporizhzhia regions of Ukraine). “ Direction ” has the meaning set forth in Section 8.04(b)(iv)(B)(1). “ Documentation Agent ” means Bank of China Limited Zweigniederlassung Frankfurt am Main Frankfurt Branch, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., Société Générale, The Bank, London Branch, UBS AG, Stamford Branch and UniCredit Bank GmbH – New York Branch (f/d/b as UniCredit Bank AG – New York Branch), each in its capacity as documentation agent in connection with this Agreement. “ Dollar Amount ” means, at any time, (a) with respect to any amount denominated in Dollars, such amount, and (b) with respect to any amount denominated in an Alternative Currency, an equivalent amount thereof in Dollars as determined by the Administrative Agent at such time on the basis of the Spot Rate (determined in respect of the most recent Revaluation Date) for the purchase of Dollars with such Alternative Currency. -10- The Administrative Agent shall promptly notify the Company of each Dollar Amount determined by it pursuant to clause (b) of the preceding sentence. “ Dollars ” and the sign “ $ ” mean the lawful currency of the United States. “ DPLTA ” has the meaning set forth in Section 10.08(a). “ EEA Financial Institution ” means (a) any credit institution or investment firm established in any EEA Member Country which is subject to the supervision of an EEA Resolution Authority, (b) any entity established in an EEA Member Country which is a parent of an institution described in clause (a) of this definition, or (c) any financial institution established in an EEA Member Country which is a subsidiary of an institution described in clause (a) or (b) of this definition and is subject to consolidated supervision with its parent. “ EEA Member Country ” means any of the member states of the European Union, Iceland, Liechtenstein, and Norway. “ EEA Resolution Authority ” means any public administrative authority or any person entrusted with public administrative authority of any EEA Member Country (including any delegee) having responsibility for the resolution of any EEA Financial Institution. “ Effective Date ” means the date this Agreement becomes effective in accordance with Section 3.01. “ Election to Participate ” means an Election to Participate substantially in the form of Exhibit E . “ Election to Terminate ” means an Election to Terminate substantially in the form of Exhibit F . “ Election to Terminate a Subsidiary Guarantee ” means an Election to Terminate a Subsidiary Guarantee substantially in the form of Exhibit K . “ Electronic Copy ” has the meaning set forth in Section 11.17. “ Electronic Record ” and “ Electronic Signature ” shall have the meanings assigned to them, respectively, by 15 USC §7006, as it may be amended from time to time. “ Eligible Foreign Guarantor Subsidiary ” has the meaning set forth in Section 10.07. “ Eligible Foreign Subsidiary ” has the meaning set forth in Section 2.22(b). “ Environmental Laws ” means all applicable federal, state, local and foreign laws, ordinances, codes, regulations, orders and requirements relating to the protection of, or discharge of materials into, the environment, including, without limitation, the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act of 1976; the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act; the Toxic Substance Control Act; the Clean Water Act; the Clean Air Act; and the Safe Drinking Water Act (in each case, as amended). -11- “ ERISA ” means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, or any successor statute and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. “ ERISA Group ” means the Company, any Subsidiary and all members of a controlled group of corporations and all trades or businesses (whether or not incorporated) under common control which, together with the Company or any Subsidiary, are treated as a single employer under Section 414(b) or (c) of the Internal Revenue Code (and Sections 414(m) and (o) of the Internal Revenue Code for purposes of provisions relating to Section 412 of the Internal Revenue Code). “ EU Legislation Schedule ” means the European Union Legislation Schedule published by the Loan Market Association (or any successor person), as in effect from time to time. “ Euro ” and “ € ” means the single currency of the Participating Member States. “ Event of Default ” has the meaning set forth in Article 6. “ Exchange Act ” means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. “ Existing 364-Day Credit Agreement ” means that certain 364-day credit agreement, dated as of December 4, 2024, by and among the Company, the Subsidiary Borrowers, certain Subsidiary Guarantors, Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent and the lenders party thereto. “ FATCA ” means Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Internal Revenue Code, as of the Effective Date (or any amended or successor version that is substantively comparable and not materially more onerous to comply with), any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof, any agreement entered into pursuant to current Section 1471(b)(1) of the Internal Revenue Code (or any amended or successor version described above), and any intergovernmental agreements (and any related laws, regulations, treaties, or official pronouncements) implementing the foregoing. “ Federal Funds Rate ” means, for any day, the rate per annum (rounded upward, if necessary, to the nearest 1/100th of 1%) equal to the weighted average of the rates on overnight Federal funds transactions with members of the Federal Reserve System, as published by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York on the Business Day next succeeding such day, provided that (i) if such day is not a Business Day, the Federal Funds Rate for such day shall be such rate on such transactions on the next preceding Business Day as so published on the next succeeding Business Day, and (ii) if no such rate is so published on such next succeeding Business Day, the Federal Funds Rate for such day shall be the average rate quoted to Bank of America on such day on such transactions as determined by the Administrative Agent; provided , further , that if the Federal Funds Rate shall be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero for purposes of this Agreement. “ Fee Letter ” means the Fee Letter dated October 30, 2025 between the Company, on the one hand, and a certain Lead Arranger, on the other hand. “ Fixed Rate Loans ” means Alternative Currency Term Rate Loans, Term SOFR Loans or Competitive Bid Loans (excluding Competitive Bid Term SOFR Rate Loans bearing interest at the rate applicable to Base Rate Loans) or any combination of the foregoing. “ Fronting Exposure ” means, at any time there is a Defaulting Lender, with respect to the Swingline Lender, such Defaulting Lender’s Percentage of the total Swingline Loans outstanding other than Swingline Loans as to which such Defaulting Lender’s participation obligation has been reallocated to other Lenders or Cash Collateralized in accordance with the terms hereof. -12- “ Governmental Authority ” means the government of the United States, Ireland, the United Kingdom or any other nation, or of any political subdivision thereof, whether state or local, and any agency, authority, instrumentality, regulatory body, court, central bank or other entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, taxing, regulatory or administrative powers or functions of or pertaining to government (including any bodies such as the European Union or the European Central Bank). “ Group ” means at any time a group of Loans consisting of (i) all Loans to the same Borrower which are Base Rate Loans at such time and (ii) all Loans (other than Base Rate Loans) to the same Borrower denominated in the same currency and having the same Interest Period at such time; provided that, if a Committed Loan of any particular Lender is converted to or made as a Base Rate Loan pursuant to Article 8, such Loan shall be included in the same Group or Groups of Loans from time to time as it would have been if it had not been so converted or made. “ Guarantee ” by any Person means any obligation, contingent or otherwise, of such Person directly or indirectly guaranteeing any Debt of any other Person, and, without limiting the generality of the foregoing, any obligation, direct or indirect, contingent or otherwise, of such Person: (i) to purchase or pay (or advance or supply funds for the purchase or payment of) such Debt (whether arising by virtue of partnership arrangements, by agreement to , to purchase assets, goods, securities or services, to , or to maintain financial statement conditions or otherwise); or (ii) entered into for the purpose of ensuring in any legally enforceable manner the obligee of such Debt of the payment thereof or to protect such obligee in any legally enforceable manner against loss in respect thereof (in whole or in part); provided that the term “Guarantee” shall not include: (a) endorsements for collection or deposit in the ordinary course of business; (b) obligations that are not required in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles to be included in the financial statements of such Person or the footnotes thereto; (c) “unconditional purchase obligations” (including contracts) as defined in and as required to be disclosed pursuant to Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 47 and the related interpretations, as the same may be amended from time to time, but only to the extent the aggregate present value amount of all such obligations of the Company and its Consolidated Subsidiaries (other than amounts reflected on the balance sheet of the Company and its Consolidated Subsidiaries) is equal to or less than 5% of the net sales of the Company and its Consolidated Subsidiaries as set forth in the Company’s consolidated statement of income, determined as of the end of the preceding quarter for the twelve months then ending; and (d) any obligations required to be disclosed pursuant to the Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 105, Disclosure of Information about Financial Instruments with Risk and Financial Instruments with Concentrations of Credit Risk, issued March 1990, the Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 107, Disclosure about Fair Value of Financial Instruments, issued December 1991, and the Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 119, Disclosure about Derivative Financial Instruments and Fair Value of Financial Instruments, issued October 1994, and their related interpretations, as the same may be amended from time to time (except to the extent any such obligation is required to be reflected on the balance sheet of the Company and its Consolidated Subsidiaries). -13- The term “ Guarantee ” used as a verb has a corresponding meaning. “ Guarantee Protesting Lender ” has the meaning set forth in Section 10.07. “ Guarantied Obligations ” means (i) with respect to the guaranty by the Company pursuant to Section 10.01(a), the Subsidiary Borrower Obligations and (ii) with respect to the guaranty by the Subsidiary Guarantors pursuant to Section 10.01(b), the Company Obligations. “ Guarantors ” means (i) the Company and (ii) the Subsidiary Guarantors, each in its capacity as a guarantor under Article 10. “ Indemnified Person ” has the meaning set forth in Section 11.03(b). “ Ineligible Person ” means (i) any natural person or any holding company, investment vehicle or trust for, or owned and operated for the primary benefit of a natural person, (ii) the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, (iii) a Defaulting Lender or any Subsidiary of a Defaulting Lender, (iv) any competitor of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries identified as such in writing from time to time by the Company to the Administrative Agent and (v) any Affiliate of any Person described in clause (iv) which is reasonably identifiable as an Affiliate by its name or has been identified as an Affiliate in writing by the Company to the Administrative Agent (it being understood and agreed that no assignee shall retroactively be disqualified from becoming a Lender by virtue of becoming an Ineligible Person under clause (iv) or (v) after the date on which an Assignment and Assumption is signed by all parties thereto (including any Person whose consent is required) pursuant to which such assignee agrees to become a Lender). For the avoidance of doubt, the Administrative Agent shall make the list of Ineligible Persons under clause (iv) or (v) available to any Lender upon request. “ Information ” has the meaning set forth in Section 11.10(a). “ Initial Subsidiary Borrowers ” means (i) Linde U.S.; (ii) Linde GmbH; and (iii) Linde Finance. “ Interest Period ” means: (1) with respect to each Term SOFR Loan and Alternative Currency Term Rate Loan, the period commencing on the date of borrowing specified in the applicable Notice of Borrowing or on the date specified in the applicable Notice of Interest Rate Election and ending one, three or six months thereafter (in each case, subject to availability for the interest rate applicable to the relevant currency), as the applicable Borrower may elect in the applicable notice; provided that: (a) any Interest Period which would otherwise end on a day which is not a Business Day shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day unless such Business Day falls in another calendar month, in which case such Interest Period shall end on the next preceding Business Day; (b) any Interest Period which begins on the last Business Day of a calendar month (or on a day for which there is no numerically corresponding day in the calendar month at the end of such Interest Period) shall end on the last Business Day of the calendar month which is a number of months after the month in which such Interest Period begins equal to the length of such Interest Period; -14- (2) with respect to each Competitive Bid Loan (other than a Competitive Bid Absolute Rate Loan), the period commencing on the date of borrowing specified in the applicable Notice of Borrowing and ending such whole number of months thereafter as the applicable Borrower may elect in accordance with Section 2.03; provided that: (a) any Interest Period which would otherwise end on a day which is not a Business Day shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day unless such Business Day falls in another calendar month, in which case such Interest Period shall end on the next preceding Business Day; and (b) any Interest Period which begins on the last Business Day of a calendar month (or on a day for which there is no numerically corresponding day in the calendar month at the end of such Interest Period) shall end on the last Business Day of the calendar month which is a number of months after the month in which such Interest Period begins equal to the length of such Interest Period; (3) with respect to each Competitive Bid Absolute Rate Loan, the period commencing on the date of borrowing specified in the applicable Notice of Borrowing and ending such number of days thereafter (but not less than 7 days) as the applicable Borrower may elect in accordance with Section 2.03; provided that any Interest Period which would otherwise end on a day which is not a Business Day shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day; and (4) with respect to each Swingline Loan denominated in Euros, the period commencing on the date of borrowing specified in the applicable Notice of Borrowing and ending either one week or one month thereafter as the applicable Borrower may elect in accordance with Section 2.02; provided that: (a) any Interest Period which would otherwise end on a day which is not a Business Day shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day unless such Business Day falls in another calendar month, in which case such Interest Period shall end on the next preceding Business Day; and (b) any Interest Period which begins on the last Business Day of a calendar month (or on a day for which there is no numerically corresponding day in the calendar month at the end of such Interest Period) shall end on the last Business Day of the calendar month which is a number of months after the month in which such Interest Period begins equal to the length of such Interest Period; provided , further , that any Interest Period that would otherwise end after the Termination Date shall end on the Termination Date; provided, further, that if the Loans have been converted to Term Loans pursuant to Section 2.19, any Interest Period which would otherwise end after the Term Loan Maturity Date shall end on the Term Loan Maturity Date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, all Interest Periods at any one time outstanding hereunder shall end on not more than 18 different dates, and the duration of any Interest Period which would otherwise exceed such limitation shall be adjusted so as to coincide with the remaining term of such other current Interest Period as the Company and the Administrative Agent may agree. -15- “ Internal Revenue Code ” means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or any successor statute. “ Investment Grade Status ” exists as to any Person at any date if all senior unsecured debt securities of such Person outstanding at such date which had been rated by S&P or Moody’s are rated BBB- or higher by S&P or Baa3 or higher by Moody’s, as the case may be, or if such Person does not have a rating of its unsecured debt securities, then if the corporate credit rating of such Person, if any exists, from S&P is BBB- or higher or the corporate family rating of such Person, if any exists, from Moody’s is Baa3 or higher. “ Invitation for Competitive Bid Quotes ” has the meaning set forth in Section 2.03(c). “ Ireland ” means Ireland, exclusive of Northern Ireland. “ Irish Borrower ” means a Borrower incorporated in or under the laws of Ireland. “ Irish Qualifying Lender ” means: (1) a Lender which is beneficially entitled to the interest payable to it in respect of an advance under any Loan Document, and is: (a) a bank within the meaning of Section 246(1) TCA which is carrying on a bona fide banking business in Ireland for the purposes of Section 246(3)(a) TCA and whose Applicable Lending Office is located in Ireland; or (b) (i) a body corporate that is resident for the purposes of tax in a member state of the European Union (other than Ireland) or in a territory with which Ireland has an Irish Treaty that is in effect by virtue of section 826(1) TCA or in a territory with which Ireland has signed an Irish Treaty which will come into effect once all the ratification procedures set out in Section 826(1) TCA have been completed (residence for these purposes to be determined in accordance with the laws of the territory of which the Lender claims to be resident) where that member state or territory imposes a tax that generally applies to interest receivable in that member state or territory by bodies corporate from sources outside that member state or territory; or (ii) a company where interest payable on any Loan Document: (A) is exempted from the charge to income tax under an Irish Treaty in force between Ireland and the country in which the Lender is resident for tax purposes under the procedures set out in Section 826(1) TCA; or (B) would be exempted from the charge to Irish income tax under an Irish Treaty entered into on or before the payment date of that interest if that Irish Treaty had the force of law under the provisions set out in Section 826(1) TCA at that date; (iii) a company that is incorporated under the laws of the U.S. or a jurisdiction thereof and taxed in the U.S. on its worldwide income; or (iv) a limited liability company (“ LLC ”) that is organized under the law of the U.S. or a jurisdiction thereof; provided the ultimate recipients of the interest would, if they were themselves Lenders, be Irish Qualifying Lenders within paragraph (b)(i) or (b)(ii) or (b)(iii) of this definition and the business conducted through the LLC is so structured for commercial reasons and not for tax avoidance purposes; provided in each case of clause (i), (ii), (iii) or (iv) the Lender is not (or in the case of (iv) the ultimate recipients of the interest are not) carrying on a trade or business in Ireland through an agency or branch with which the interest payment is connected; or (c) an Irish Treaty Lender; or -16- (d) a body corporate: (i) which advances money in the ordinary course of a trade which includes the lending of money and whose Applicable Lending Office is located in Ireland; and (ii) in whose hands any interest payable in respect of monies so advanced is taken into account in computing the trading income of such body corporate; and (iii) which has complied with all of the provisions of Section 246(5)(a) TCA including making the appropriate notifications thereunder; or (e) a qualifying company within the meaning of Section 110 TCA and whose Applicable Lending Office is located in Ireland; or (f) an investment undertaking within the meaning of Section 739(B) TCA and whose Applicable Lending Office is located in Ireland; provided that, in each case of clauses (a) to (f) above, the Lender is not, with respect to such payment of interest, a Tax Haven Lender which is an Associated Entity of the Irish Borrower making such interest payment; or (2) a Lender which is an Irish partnership or a tax transparent foreign entity, which is not itself beneficially entitled to the interest payable to that Lender in respect of the Loan Documents, provided that: (a) the Irish partnership or foreign entity is considered to be in its jurisdiction of residence (or, where the entity is not considered to be resident in any jurisdiction, its place of creation) and by all of the jurisdictions where the members of the entity are resident, such that the interest paid to that Lender in respect of a Loan Document is treated as arising to those members directly; (b) the business is conducted through the Irish partnership or foreign entity for commercial reasons and not for tax avoidance purposes; and (c) (i) each member of the Irish partnership or foreign entity would, if it were a Lender, be an Irish Qualifying Lender falling within paragraph (1)(b) of the definition of Irish Qualifying Lender; or (ii) each member of the Irish partnership or foreign entity would, if it were a Lender, be an Irish Qualifying Lender falling within paragraph (1)(c) of the definition of Irish Qualifying Lender (“ Irish Treaty Lender’s Tax Transparent Entity ”). “ Irish Qualifying Lender Confirmation ” has the meaning set forth in Section 8.04(g)(iii). “ Irish Tax Deduction ” has the meaning set forth in Section 8.04(b)(ii). “ Irish Treaty ” has the meaning specified in the definition of “Irish Treaty State.” “ Irish Treaty Lender ” means a Lender, which on the date any relevant payment is made: (a) is treated as a resident of an Irish Treaty State for the purposes of an Irish Treaty; -17- (b) does not carry on a business in Ireland through a permanent establishment with which such Lender’s participation in the Loan is effectively connected; and (c) satisfies all conditions which must be fulfilled under the Irish Treaty for full exemption from tax imposed by Ireland on interest which relate to such Lender, including the completion of all procedural formalities; provided that any Lender that satisfied the conditions to be an Irish Qualifying Lender under clause (1)(b) of the definition of “Irish Qualifying Lender” above shall not constitute an Irish Treaty Lender. “ Irish Treaty State ” means a jurisdiction having a double taxation agreement with Ireland (an “ Irish Treaty ”) that has force of law and makes provision for full exemption from tax imposed by Ireland on interest. “ ITA ” has the meaning specified in clause (a)(i) of the definition of UK Qualifying Lender. “ Lead Arranger ” means BofA Securities, Inc., Citibank, N.A., HSBC Securities (USA) Inc. and Mizuho Bank, Ltd., each in its capacity as joint lead arranger and joint bookrunner in connection with this Agreement. “ Lender ” means each bank listed on the signature pages hereof, each Assignee which becomes a Lender pursuant to Section 11.06(c), and their respective successors, in each case for so long as such Person shall be a party to this Agreement. “ Lien ” means, with respect to any asset, any mortgage, lien, pledge, charge, security interest or encumbrance of any kind in respect of such asset. “ Linde Finance ” means Linde Finance B.V., a private limited liability company ( besloten venootschap met beperkte aansprakelijkheid ) incorporated under the laws of the Netherlands, having its official seat ( statutaire zetel ) in Amsterdam the Netherlands, registered with the Dutch trade register under number 34115238, and having its principal offices in Ireland, registered with the Irish Companies Registration Office under number 909743. “ Linde GmbH ” means Linde GmbH, a limited liability company (Gesellschaft mit beschränkter Haftung) organized under the laws of the Federal Republic of Germany. “ Linde GmbH Guarantee ” has the meaning set forth in Section 10.08. “ Linde U.S. ” means Linde Inc., a Delaware corporation. “ Listed Territory ” means a territory included in Annex 1 of the Council conclusions on the revised EU list of jurisdictions for tax purposes as published in the Official Journal of the European Union C/2024/6322 on 18 October 2024. “ Loan ” means a Committed Loan or a Competitive Bid Loan and “ Loans ” means Committed Loans or Competitive Bid Loans or both, as the context may require (or, if such Loan has been converted to a Term Loan pursuant to Section 2.19, a Term Loan). “ Loan Documents ” means this Agreement and the Notes. “ local time ” has the meaning set forth in Section 1.02. -18- “ Margin Stock ” means “margin stock” as defined in Regulation U. “ Material Adverse Effect ” means a material adverse effect on (i) the business, financial position or results of operations of the Company and its Consolidated Subsidiaries, considered as a whole, which could reasonably be expected to materially and adversely affect the ability of the Company to perform its obligations under this Agreement or any Note or (ii) the rights and remedies of the Lenders under the Loan Documents. “ Material Plan ” means at any time a Plan having aggregate Unfunded Liabilities in excess of $100,000,000. “ Material Subsidiary ” means any Subsidiary Borrower and any one or more Subsidiaries of the Company or any Subsidiary Borrower having combined Net Tangible Assets representing more than 10% of Consolidated Net Tangible Assets. “ Multiemployer Plan ” means at any time a multiemployer plan within the meaning of Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA to which any member of the ERISA Group is then making or accruing an obligation to make contributions or has within the preceding five plan years made contributions, including for these purposes any Person which ceased to be a member of the ERISA Group during such period. “ Net Tangible Assets ” means, as to any Person, its gross assets, net of depreciation and other proper reserves, less its goodwill and other intangible assets. “ Lender ” means any Lender that does not approve any consent, waiver or amendment that (i) requires the approval of all Lenders or all affected Lenders in accordance with the terms of Section 11.05 and (ii) has been approved by the Required Lenders. “ .S. Borrower ” means any Borrower that is organized under the laws of a jurisdiction outside the United States. “ Notes ” means promissory notes of the Borrowers, substantially in the form of Exhibit A , evidencing the obligation of each Borrower to repay the Loans made to it, and “ Note ” means any one of such promissory notes issued hereunder. “ Notice of Borrowing ” means a Notice of Committed Borrowing or a Notice of Competitive Bid Borrowing. “ Notice of Committed Borrowing ” has the meaning set forth in Section 2.02. “ Notice of Competitive Bid Borrowing ” has the meaning set forth in Section 2.03(f). “ Notice of Interest Rate Election ” has the meaning set forth in Section 2.10. “ Obligor ” means the Borrowers and the Guarantors. “ OFAC ” means the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the United States Department of the Treasury. -19- “ Organizational Documents ” means, (a) with respect to any corporation, the certificate or articles of incorporation and the bylaws (or equivalent or comparable constitutive documents with respect to any .S. jurisdiction), (b) with respect to any limited liability company, the certificate or articles of formation or organization and operating or limited liability agreement (or equivalent or comparable constitutive documents with respect to any .S. jurisdiction) and (c) with respect to any partnership, joint venture, trust or other form of business entity, the partnership, joint venture or other applicable agreement of formation or organization and any agreement, instrument, filing or notice with respect thereto filed in connection with its formation or organization with the applicable Governmental Authority in the jurisdiction of its formation or organization and, if applicable, any certificate or articles of formation or organization of such entity. “ Other Connection Taxes ” has the meaning set forth in Section 8.04(a). “ Other Currency ” has the meaning set forth in Section 11.14. “ Other Taxes ” has the meaning set forth in Section 8.04(a). “ Outstanding Committed Amount ” means, as to any Lender at any time, the sum of (i) the aggregate Dollar Amount of Syndicated Loans made by it which are outstanding at such time, plus (ii) its Percentage of the aggregate Dollar Amount of Unrefunded Swingline Loans at such time. “ Overnight Rate ” means, for any day, (i) with respect to any amount denominated in Dollars, the greater of (x) the Federal Funds Rate and (y) an overnight rate determined by the Administrative Agent or a Swingline Lender, as the case may be, in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation, (ii) with respect to any amount denominated in Euro, the rate of interest per annum at which overnight deposits in Euro, in an amount approximately equal to the amount with respect to which such rate is being determined, would be offered for such day by a branch or Affiliate of Bank of America in the applicable offshore interbank market for such currency to major banks in such interbank market, (iii) with respect to any amount denominated in Pounds Sterling, the rate of interest per annum at which overnight deposits in Pounds Sterling, in an amount approximately equal to the amount with respect to which such rate is being determined, would be offered for such day by a branch or Affiliate of Bank of America in the applicable offshore interbank market for such currency to major banks in such interbank market and (iv) with respect to any amount denominated in an Alternative Currency other than Euro or Pounds Sterling, the rate of interest per annum at which overnight deposits in the applicable Alternative Currency, in an amount approximately equal to the amount with respect to which such rate is being determined, would be offered for such day by a branch or Affiliate of Bank of America in the applicable offshore interbank market for such currency to major banks in such interbank market. “ Parent ” means, with respect to any Lender, any Person Controlling such Lender. “ Participant ” has the meaning set forth in Section 11.06(b). “ Participant Register ” has the meaning set forth in Section 11.06(b) “ Participating Member State ” means any member state of the European Union that has adopted the Euro as its lawful currency in accordance with legislation of the European Union relating to Economic and Monetary Union. “ Patriot Act ” means the USA PATRIOT Act (Title III of Pub. L. 107-56 (signed into law October 26, 2001)), as amended. “ Payee ” has the meaning set forth in Section 11.14. -20- “ PBGC ” means the U.S. Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation or any entity succeeding to any or all of its functions under ERISA. “ Percentage ” means, with respect to any Lender at any time, the percentage (carried out to the ninth decimal place) which the amount of its Commitment at such time represents of the aggregate of all of the Commitments at such time, as such percentage may be adjusted pursuant to Section 2.18. At any time after the Commitments shall have terminated, the term “Percentage” shall refer to a Lender’s Percentage immediately before such termination, adjusted to reflect any subsequent assignments pursuant to Section 11.06. “ Permitted Jurisdiction ” means (i) Germany, Ireland, Luxembourg, the Netherlands, Switzerland, the United Kingdom, the United States or any jurisdiction within any of the foregoing and (ii) any jurisdiction of a Subsidiary Borrower added pursuant to Section 2.22. “ Person ” means an individual, a corporation, a partnership, an association, a trust or any other entity or organization, including a government or political subdivision or an agency or instrumentality thereof. “ Plan ” means at any time an employee pension benefit plan (other than a Multiemployer Plan) which is covered by Title IV of ERISA or subject to the minimum funding standards under Section 412 of the Internal Revenue Code and either (i) is maintained, or contributed to, by any member of the ERISA Group for employees of any member of the ERISA Group or (ii) has at any time within the preceding five years been maintained, or contributed to, by any Person which was at such time a member of the ERISA Group for employees of any Person which was at such time a member of the ERISA Group. “ Pounds Sterling ” means the lawful currency of the United Kingdom. “ Protesting Lender ” has the meaning set forth in Section 2.22(b). “ PTE ” means a prohibited transaction class exemption issued by the U.S. Department of Labor, as any such exemption may be amended from time to time. “ Quarterly Date ” means each March 31, June 30, September 30 and December 31; provided , that if any such date falls on a day that is not a Business Day, the Quarterly Date shall be the next succeeding Business Day. “ rate of exchange ” has the meaning set forth in Section 11.14. “ Recipient ” means (a) the Administrative Agent and (b) any Lender, as applicable. “ Register ” has the meaning set forth in Section 2.05(a). “ Regulation U ” means Regulation U of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, as in effect from time to time. “ Related Parties ” means, with respect to any Person, such Person’s Affiliates and the partners, directors, officers, employees, agents, trustees and advisors of such Person and of such Person’s Affiliates. “ Relevant Party ” has the meaning set forth in Section 8.04(m)(ii). -21- “ Relevant Rate ” means with respect to any Loans denominated in (a) Dollars, Term SOFR or Daily Simple SOFR, (b) Pounds Sterling, SONIA or (c) Euros, EURIBOR, as applicable. “ Required Currency ” has the meaning set forth in Section 11.14. “ Required Lenders ” means at any time Lenders with more than 50% of the aggregate amount of the Credit Exposures at such time; provided , however , that if any Lender shall be a Defaulting Lender at such time, there shall be excluded from the determination of Required Lenders at such time any of the foregoing amounts attributable to it. “ Rescindable Amount ” has the meaning set forth in Section 2.13(b). “ Resolution Authority ” means an EEA Resolution Authority or, with respect to any UK Financial Institution, a UK Resolution Authority. “ Responsible Officer ” means, with respect to the Company and each Subsidiary Borrower, the chief executive officer, the president, the chief financial officer, vice president of finance, treasurer, controller or general counsel of the Company or such Subsidiary Borrower, as applicable (or, their equivalent under local law, including if the concept of “officer” is not applicable, a director) and, solely for purposes of notices given pursuant to Article 2, any other officer or employee of the Company or such Subsidiary Borrower so designated by any of the foregoing officers in a notice to the Administrative Agent or any other officer or employee of the Company or such Subsidiary Borrower designated in or pursuant to an agreement between the Company or such Subsidiary Borrower and the Administrative Agent. “ Restricted Property ” means any property that in the opinion of the board of directors of the Company is a principal manufacturing property. “ Revaluation Date ” means with respect to any Alternative Currency Loan, each of the following: (i) each date of a Borrowing of a Loan denominated in an Alternative Currency, (ii) each date of a continuation of a Loan denominated in an Alternative Currency pursuant to Section 2.10 and (iii) such additional dates as the Administrative Agent shall reasonably determine or the Required Lenders shall reasonably require. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Revaluation Date shall occur at least quarterly upon the request of the Administrative Agent. “ Revolving Credit Period ” means the period from and including the Effective Date to and including the Termination Date. “ Same Day Funds ” means (a) with respect to disbursements and payments in Dollars, immediately available funds, and (b) with respect to disbursements and payments in an Alternative Currency, same day or other funds as may be determined by the Administrative Agent to be customary in the place of disbursement or payment for the settlement of international banking transactions in the relevant Alternative Currency. “ Sanction(s) ” means any international economic sanction administered or enforced by the United States Government (including OFAC), the United Nations Security Council, the European Union (including its member states), His Majesty’s Treasury or other relevant sanctions Governmental Authority of a jurisdiction in which an Obligor is organized. “ Scheduled Unavailability Date ” has the meaning set forth in Section 8.02(b)(ii). -22- “ Service of Process Agent ” has the meaning set forth in Section 11.08(b). “ Signing Date ” has the meaning set forth in Section 3.04. “ SOFR ” means, with respect to any applicable determination date, the Secured Overnight Financing Rate published on the fifth U.S. Government Securities Business Day preceding such date by the SOFR Administrator on the Federal Reserve Bank of New York’s website (or any successor source); provided , however , that if such determination date is not a U.S. Government Securities Business Day, then SOFR means such rate that applied on the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day immediately prior thereto. “ SOFR Administrator ” means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, as the administrator of SOFR, or any successor administrator of SOFR designated by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or other Person acting as the SOFR Administrator at such time that is satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. “ SOFR Loan ” means a Daily Simple SOFR Loan or a Term SOFR Loan, as applicable. “ SOFR Successor Rate ” has the meaning set forth in Section 8.01(b). “ SONIA ” means, with respect to any applicable determination date, the Sterling Overnight Index Average Reference Rate published on the fifth Business Day preceding such date on the applicable Reuters screen page (or such other commercially available source providing such quotations as may be designated by the Administrative Agent from time to time); provided , however , that if such determination date is not a Business Day, SONIA means such rate that applied on the first Business Day immediately prior thereto. “ Specified Debt ” means Debt (other than the Loans) of any Borrower, arising in one or more related or unrelated transactions, in an aggregate principal amount exceeding $500,000,000. “ Spot Rate ” for a currency means the rate determined by the Administrative Agent to be the rate quoted by the Person acting in such capacity as the spot rate for the purchase by such Person of such currency with another currency through its principal foreign exchange trading office at approximately 11:00 A.M. (local time) on the date two Business Days prior to the date as of which the foreign exchange computation is made; provided that the Administrative Agent may obtain such spot rate from another financial institution designated by the Administrative Agent if the Person acting in such capacity does not have as of the date of determination a spot buying rate for any such currency. “ Subsidiary ” with respect to any Person means any corporation or other entity of which such Person directly or indirectly owns a majority of the securities or other ownership interests having ordinary voting power to elect the board of directors or other persons performing similar functions. Unless otherwise specified, “Subsidiary” means a Subsidiary of the Company. “ Subsidiary Borrower Obligations ” has the meaning set forth in Section 10.01(a). “ Subsidiary Borrowers ” means the Initial Subsidiary Borrowers and any other Subsidiary as to which the Company has delivered to the Administrative Agent an Election to Participate in accordance with Section 2.22, in each case, until the Company delivers an Election to Terminate with respect to such Subsidiary in accordance with Section 2.22. -23- “ Subsidiary Guarantors ” means (i) Linde U.S., (ii) Linde GmbH and (iii) any other Subsidiary of the Company that becomes a Guarantor pursuant to Section 10.07, each in its capacity as a guarantor under Article 10. “ Successor Borrower ” has the meaning set forth in Section 5.04(a)(i)(A). “ Successor Rate ” means each of the SOFR Successor Rate and Alternative Currency Successor Rate. “ Supplier ” has the meaning set forth in Section 8.04(m)(ii). “ Swingline Commitment ” means (i) with respect to each Person that is a Swingline Lender on the Effective Date and with respect to each applicable currency, the amount set forth opposite its name on the Commitment Schedule under the heading “Dollar Swingline Commitment” and “Euro Swingline Commitment,” as applicable and (ii) with respect to any Person that becomes a Swingline Lender after the Effective Date, such amount in Dollars and Euro as mutually agreed in writing between such Swingline Lender and the Company, in each case as such amount may be modified from time to time by written agreement of the Company and the applicable Swingline Lender “ Swingline Lender ” means each of Bank of America, Citibank, N.A., HSBC Bank USA, National Association and Mizuho Bank, Ltd. and any other Lender that agrees to become a Swingline Lender pursuant to an instrument in a form reasonably satisfactory to the Company, such Swingline Lender and the Administrative Agent, in each case in its capacity as a lender of Swingline Loans hereunder. A Swingline Lender may, in its discretion, arrange for Swingline Loans to be provided by branches or Affiliates of such Swingline Lender reasonably acceptable to the Company, in which case the term “Swingline Lender” shall include any such branch or Affiliate with r

[truncated]