BETA Close X The Berkeley Group Holdings plc announced that Kate Tinsley OBE will join the Board as an independent Non-Executive Director effective November 1, 2026, and will also serve on the Remuneration Committee. Tinsley brings significant experience as the Chief Executive Officer of MKM Building Supplies since September 2020, along with a background in chartered accounting and senior management roles at companies like Grafton Group and Saint-Gobain. Her prior governance experience includes serving as a Non-Executive Director and Senior Independent Director at The Football Association. Disclaimer* Berkeley Group Holdings (The) PLC 11 September 2026 11 September 2026 The Berkeley Group Holdings plc (“Berkeley” or the “Company”) Board APPOINTMENT Berkeley is pleased to announce that Kate Tinsley OBE will be appointed as an independent Non-Executive Director with effect from 1 November 2026. Kate will become a member of the Remuneration Committee. Kate Tinsley has been Chief Executive Officer of private equity owned MKM Building Supplies since September 2020. Kate qualified as a chartered accountant at Deloitte and has held a number of senior management roles across the industry including at Grafton Group and Saint-Gobain. Kate has served as a Non-Executive Director of The Football Association since 2017 and is currently Senior Independent Director. She has served on the Nomination, Remuneration, Audit & Risk and Commercial Committees and led the appointment process for a new FA Chair. Kate is due to step down from the FA Board in October 2026. Rob Perrins, Executive Chair, said: “ I am delighted to welcome Kate to Berkeley. She brings extensive supply chain, private equity and industry experience, coupled with significant governance expertise, and will be a great addition to the Board.” There are no further disclosures to be made pursuant to UKLR 6.4.6R and 6.4.8R. Victoria Mee Company Secretary The Berkeley Group Holdings plc Tel: 01932 868555 Enquiries: Tim Robertson Novella Communications Tel: 020 3151 7008 LEI: 2138009OQSSLVVHQAL78 END This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Berkeley Group Holdings (The) (BKG) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 41 minutes ago Croma Security Solutions Group 44 minutes ago Meridian Mining plc 57 minutes ago Diageo 1 hour ago CHINA PACIFIC INSURANCE (GROUP) CO., LTD 2 hours ago ECO Animal Health Group All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and