BETA Close X The Berkeley Group Holdings plc has announced an intention to implement a share buy-back programme to purchase ordinary shares for a maximum total consideration of £25 million. This programme will run from 1 May 2026 until no later than 24 June 2026, covering the company's year-end closed period. The purchases will be made on the London Stock Exchange and any other agreed UK recognised investment exchange, with all repurchased shares to be cancelled, thereby reducing the company's share capital. Disclaimer* Berkeley Group Holdings (The) PLC 30 April 2026 30 April 2026 The Berkeley Group Holdings plc (the "Company" or "Berkeley") Share Buy-Back Programme As part of its ongoing shareholder returns programme, and to enable the Company to continue acquiring its shares during its year-end closed period, which begins on 1 May and ends on 24 June 2026, Berkeley is announcing its intention to implement a share buy-back programme (the "Programme") to purchase ordinary shares of 5.61 pence each in the capital of the Company (the "Shares") for a maximum total consideration of £25 million over this period. The Company has entered into an agreement in relation to the Programme with Barclays Bank PLC, acting through its Investment Bank ("Barclays") who will make trading decisions independently of, and uninfluenced by, the Company enabling purchases to continue during closed periods in accordance with Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2016/1052 with regard to regulatory technical standards for the conditions applicable to buyback programmes and stabilisation measures (as it forms part of the law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018). All shares repurchased under the Programme will be cancelled. The purpose of the Programme is therefore to reduce the Company's share capital. Any purchase of Shares contemplated by this announcement will be carried out on the London Stock Exchange and any other UK recognised investment exchange which may be agreed, in accordance with pre-set parameters, and in accordance with the Company's general authority to repurchase ordinary shares granted by its shareholders at the Company's Annual General Meeting on 5 September 2025 ("AGM") (with the maximum number of Shares that may be purchased reduced to reflect the number of Shares the Company has purchased since the AGM), the Market Abuse Regulation 596/2014 (as it forms part of UK law pursuant to the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018) and the Financial Conduct Authority's UK Listing Rule 9.6. Any purchase of Shares pursuant to the Programme will be announced no later than required by UK Listing Rule 9.6.6R. As noted above, the Programme is expected to cover the period from 1 May 2026 and end no later than 24 June 2026. Victoria Mee Company Secretary The Berkeley Group Holdings plc Tel: 01932 868555 Enquiries: Tim Robertson Novella Communications Tel: 020 3151 7008 LEI: 2138009OQSSLVVHQAL78 END This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Berkeley Group Holdings (The) (BKG) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 3 minutes ago Roadside Real Estate 1 hour ago Taseko Mines Limited NPV (DI) 1 hour ago Taseko Mines Limited NPV (DI) 1 hour ago Xeros Technology Group 1 hour ago Plus500 Ltd (DI) All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and