BETA Close X The Berkeley Group Holdings plc announces that Independent Non-Executive Director Richard Dakin has been appointed as an Independent Non-Executive Director of Schroder Real Estate Investment Trust Limited, effective immediately. Mr. Dakin will also join the Audit, Management Engagement, and Nomination Committees of SREIT, and will assume the role of Chair of the Management Engagement Committee following SREIT's Annual General Meeting on September 22, 2026. This announcement is made in accordance with UK Listing Rule 6.4.9(2). Disclaimer* Berkeley Group Holdings (The) PLC 10 July 2026 10 July 2026 The Berkeley Group Holdings plc ("Berkeley" or "the Company") Director Declaration Berkeley announces that Richard Dakin, Independent Non-Executive Director of the Company, has been appointed as an Independent Non-Executive Director of Schroder Real Estate Investment Trust Limited ("SREI") with immediate effect. Richard will become a member of each of the Audit, Management Engagement and Nomination Committees of SREI and, following the conclusion of SREI's Annual General Meeting on 22 September 2026, will become Chair of the Management Engagement Committee. This announcement is made pursuant to UK Listing Rule 6.4.9(2). Victoria Mee Company Secretary The Berkeley Group Holdings plc Tel: 01932 868555 Enquiries: Tim Robertson Novella Communications Tel: 020 3151 7008 LEI: 2138009OQSSLVVHQAL78 END This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Berkeley Group Holdings (The) (BKG) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 7 minutes ago Tharisa (DI) 1 hour ago PayPoint 1 hour ago Tritax Big Box Reit 1 hour ago Rockfire Resources 1 hour ago Sirius Real Estate Ltd. All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and