Across The Markets: Berkeley Group, IAG, Insig AI 2026-04-01 08:47:49 (4 months ago) Related Companies: International Consolidated Airlines Group SA (CDI) (IAG) , Berkeley Group Holdings (The) (BKG) , Insig AI (INSG) Berkeley Group Housebuilder Berkeley Group issued a strategy and trading update this morning acknowledging a series of concerns and outlining its responses. The headline point here is to maintain shareholder value creation and it expects to return a further £564m to investors between now and the end of the decade, but has taken a number of initiatives in terms of no further land acquisitions and slowing down build rates to account for regulatory delays. This arguably flies in the face of government ambitions so it will be interesting to see if this generates any reaction either from Westminster or sector peers. It’s doing nothing to improve affordability. The Berkeley share price was down 17% in early trade. International Consolidated Airlines Group Optimism appears to be building that the war in the Middle East could de-escalate quite quickly and whilst both sides would inevitably claim victory, political posturing aside this move should be good for many corners of the economy. Airlines would be big beneficiaries, with fuel prices likely falling back and those routes which have been suspended reopening. That seems to be a theme playing out in early trade on Wednesday with the IAG share price up almost 6%. The wider sector is also benefitting with the WizzAir share price up 7% and easyJet’s share price 5% higher. Insig AI The AIM-listed AI data infrastructure company issued a trading statement this morning, noting that revenues were up by more than 50%, extending the momentum seen in FY25. Management also took the opportunity to note that they are considering a dual listing on NASDAQ in order to tap into a deeper pool of capital and explore fresh investment opportunities. The Insig AI share price was up 13% at 8.45am. Most read stories on Investegate this morning New contract with major European defence prime - - Filtronic (FTC) Temporary suspension of trading on AIM - - UK Oil & Gas (UKOG) Suspension - UK Oil & Gas plc - - UK Oil & Gas (UKOG) Disclaimer: This information does not constitute investment advice, nor does it necessarily reflect the views and opinions of Investegate. If in doubt consult a financial professional. Other Across the Markets Posts Across The Markets: ASOS, CMC Markets, Associated British Foods 01-07-2026 (1 month ago) Related Companies: ASOS (ASC) , Associated British Foods (ABF) , CMC Markets (CMCX) CMC Markets surges as trading update bolsters institutional outlook and ASOS finds investor support from asset disposal in the US but Associated British Foods slumps as ingredients division shows weakness. Across The Markets: Celsius Resources, Barratt Redrow, IWG 30-06-2026 (1 month ago) Related Companies: Barratt Redrow (BTRW) , Celsius Resources Limited (DI) (CLA) , IWG (IWG) Housebuilders turn lower as class action law suit over price fixing emerges, but IWG jumps on extended share buyback news and small cap Celsius Resources advances on asset disposal plans. Across The Markets: Eco Atlantic, Bridgepoint, BT Group 29-06-2026 (1 month ago) Related Companies: BT Group (BT.A) , Eco (Atlantic) Oil & Gas NPV (DI) (ECO) , Bridgepoint Group (Reg S) (BPT) BT Group sees modest gains off JV announcement with Verizon, Bridgepoint adds after acquisition news is well received and Eco Atlantic also finds cheer as farm out agreement gets government approvals. Across The Markets: Wise, Guardian Metals, Barratt Redrow 26-06-2026 (1 month ago) Related Companies: Barratt Redrow (BTRW) , Wise Class A (WISE) , Guardian Metal Resources plc (GMET) Barratt Redrow tops off week of gains with new CEO arrival date confirmed, Wise sees FY numbers at top end of estimates and Guardian Metals finds support ahead of next week’s feasibility study release. Across The market: 3i Group, Moonpig, easyJet 25-06-2026 (1 month ago) Related Companies: easyJet (EZJ) , 3i Group (III) , Moonpig Group (MOON) easyJet makes further gains as management offer an olive branch to suitor Castlelake, Moonpig surges on outperformance and buyback news, whilst 3i also reacts well to pre-AGM portfolio update. UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 day ago Savannah Energy 1 day ago Barclays 1 day ago Schroder Income Growth Fund 1 day ago Fuller Smith & Turner 1 day ago Land Securities Group All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and