BETA Close X Rachel Downey, a Non-Executive Director of The Berkeley Group Holdings plc, purchased 575 ordinary shares at a price of £34.49040 per share on April 15, 2026, on the London Stock Exchange. This transaction represents an initial notification of a director's dealings in the company's securities. Disclaimer* Berkeley Group Holdings (The) PLC 15 April 2026 15 April 2026 The Berkeley Group Holdings plc (the "Company") Notification of transaction of directors and persons discharging managerial responsibilities ("PDMR") and persons closely associated with them The notification set out below is provided in accordance with the requirements of the UK Market Abuse Regulation 1. Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / person closely associated a) Name Rachel Downey 2. Reason for the notification b) Position / status Non-Executive Director c) Initial notification / amendment Initial notification 3. Details of the issuer , emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name The Berkeley Group Holdings plc b) LEI 2138009OQSSLVVHQAL78 4. Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Identification Code Ordinary Shares of 5.6110477936 pence each ISIN: GB00BP0RGD03 b) Nature of the transaction(s) Purchase of Ordinary Shares c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) £34.49040 575 d) Aggregated information - Aggregated volume - Price n/a single transaction e) Date of the transaction 2026-04-15 f) Place of the transaction London Stock Exchange (XLON) Enquiries: Victoria Mee Tel: 01932 868555 Company Secretary The Berkeley Group Holdings plc Tim Robertson Novella Communications Tel: 020 3151 7008 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Berkeley Group Holdings (The) (BKG) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 8 minutes ago Tharisa (DI) 1 hour ago PayPoint 1 hour ago Tritax Big Box Reit 1 hour ago Rockfire Resources 1 hour ago Sirius Real Estate Ltd. All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and