BETA Close X Mr R C Perrins, as co-executor of the estate of Mr Tony Pidgley, has reported a change in his holding in The Berkeley Group Holdings Plc, resulting in a total of 3.044% of voting rights, representing 2,848,658 shares. This notification is due to a decrease in the issued share capital following the company's share buyback activities. The change occurred on April 22, 2026, and the issuer was notified on April 24, 2026. Disclaimer* Berkeley Group Holdings (The) PLC 27 April 2026 TR-1: Standard form for notification of major holdings 1. Issuer Details ISIN GB00BP0RGD03 Issuer Name THE BERKELEY GROUP HOLDINGS PLC UK or Non-UK Issuer UK 2. Reason for Notification Other - On the basis of a change in voting rights disclosed by the issuer in accordance with DTR 5.6.1A. 3. Details of person subject to the notification obligation Name Mr R C Perrins City of registered office (if applicable) Country of registered office (if applicable) 4. Details of the shareholder Name City of registered office Country of registered office Mr R C Perrins Mrs V W Perrins The Estate of A W Pidgley (Mr Tony Pidgley - decreased) 5. Date on which the threshold was crossed or reached 22-April-2026 6. Date on which Issuer notified 24-April-2026 7. Total positions of person(s) subject to the notification obligation % of voting rights attached to shares (total of 8.A) % of voting rights through financial instruments (total of 8.B 1 + 8.B 2) Total of both in % (8.A + 8.B) Total number of voting rights held in issuer Resulting situation on the date on which threshold was crossed or reached 3.044 0.000000 3.044 2,848,658 Position of previous notification (if applicable) 8. Notified details of the resulting situation on the date on which the threshold was crossed or reached 8A. Voting rights attached to shares Class/Type of shares ISIN code(if possible) Number of direct voting rights (DTR5.1) Number of indirect voting rights (DTR5.2.1) % of direct voting rights (DTR5.1) % of indirect voting rights (DTR5.2.1) GB00BP0RGD03 1,300,739 1,547,919 1.390 1.654 Sub Total 8.A 2,848,658 3.044% 8B1. Financial Instruments according to (DTR5.3.1R.(1) (a)) Type of financial instrument Expiration date Exercise/conversion period Number of voting rights that may be acquired if the instrument is exercised/converted % of voting rights Sub Total 8.B1 8B2. Financial Instruments with similar economic effect according to (DTR5.3.1R.(1) (b)) Type of financial instrument Expiration date Exercise/conversion period Physical or cash settlement Number of voting rights % of voting rights Sub Total 8.B2 9. Information in relation to the person subject to the notification obligation 1. Person subject to the notification obligation is not controlled by any natural person or legal entity and does not control any other undertaking(s) holding directly or indirectly an interest in the (underlying) issuer X 2. Full chain of controlled undertakings through which the voting rights and/or the financial instruments are effectively held starting with the ultimate controlling natural person or legal entities (please add additional rows as necessary) Ultimate controlling person Name of controlled undertaking % of voting rights if it equals or is higher than the notifiable threshold % of voting rights through financial instruments if it equals or is higher than the notifiable threshold Total of both if it equals or is higher than the notifiable threshold 10. In case of proxy voting Name of the proxy holder The number and % of voting rights held The date until which the voting rights will be held 11. Additional Information Mr R C Perrins is co-executor of the will of Mr Tony Pidgley. This notification arises following the cancellation of shares in The Berkeley Group Holdings Plc in connection with its ongoing share buyback activities and as a result of the consequential decrease in the issued share capital of The Berkeley Group Holdings Plc. 12. Date of Completion 24-April-2026 13. Place Of Completion London, UK Victoria Mee Company Secretary The Berkeley Group Holdings plc Tel: 01932 868555 LEI: 2138009OQSSLVVHQAL78 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Berkeley Group Holdings (The) (BKG) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 7 minutes ago Tharisa (DI) 1 hour ago PayPoint 1 hour ago Tritax Big Box Reit 1 hour ago Rockfire Resources 1 hour ago Sirius Real Estate Ltd. All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and