BETA Close X The Berkeley Group Holdings plc has announced the release of its 2026 Annual Report and Accounts and the 2026 Notice of Annual General Meeting, which have been made available to shareholders and uploaded to the National Storage Mechanism and the company's website. The Annual General Meeting is scheduled to take place on 11 September 2026 at 11:00 am at Herbert Smith Freehills Kramer LLP in London. Disclaimer* Berkeley Group Holdings (The) PLC 11 August 2026 11 August 2026 The Berkeley Group Holdings plc ("Berkeley" or the "Company") Notice of Annual General Meeting Berkeley announces that the following documents have today been posted or otherwise made available to shareholders: 1. 2026 Annual Report and Accounts (the "2026 Annual Report"); and 2. 2026 Notice of Annual General Meeting (the "2026 AGM Notice"). In accordance with UKLR 6.4.1 and DTR 6.3.5(1A)(1)(c), a copy of the above documents have been uploaded to the National Storage Mechanism in unedited full text (and in the case of the 2026 Annual Report, in single electronic reporting format) and will shortly be available for inspection at: https://data.fca.org.uk/#/nsm/nationalstoragemechanism . In accordance with DTR 6.3.5(3), the 2026 Annual Report and the 2026 AGM Notice are also available on the Company's website at: www.berkeleygroup.co.uk/investors/annual-report and www.berkeleygroup.co.uk/investors/corporate-governance ; and in hard copy upon request to the Company Secretary, The Berkeley Group Holdings plc, Berkeley House, 19 Portsmouth Road, Cobham, Surrey KT11 1JG. The Company's Annual General Meeting will be held on 11 September 2026 at 11:00 am at the offices of Herbert Smith Freehills Kramer LLP, Exchange House, Primrose Street, London EC2A 2EG. Victoria Mee Company Secretary The Berkeley Group Holdings plc Tel: 01932 868555 Tim Robertson Novella Communications Tel: 020 3151 7008 LEI: 2138009OQSSLVVHQAL78 END This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Berkeley Group Holdings (The) (BKG) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 7 minutes ago Tharisa (DI) 1 hour ago PayPoint 1 hour ago Tritax Big Box Reit 1 hour ago Rockfire Resources 1 hour ago Sirius Real Estate Ltd. All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and