Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 28 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 42 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 43 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 78 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 78 Item 9B. Other Information 82 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 82 Part III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 83 Item 11. Executive Compensation 84 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 85 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 85 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 85 Part IV. Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 85 Signatures 90 2 Part I Item 1. Business CORPORATE BACKGROUND General In 1949, our founders established ADP to shape the world of work with a simple, innovative idea: help clients focus on their business by solving their payroll challenges. Today, we are one of the world’s leading global technology companies providing comprehensive human capital management (HCM) solutions that unite HR, payroll, talent, time, tax and benefits administration. Our unmatched experience, expertise, insights and technology have transformed HCM from an administrative challenge to a strategic business advantage. Tailored to meet the needs of businesses of all sizes, we help them work smarter today so they can have more success tomorrow. We serve over 1.1 million clients and pay over 42 million workers in over 140 countries and territories. Our common stock is listed on the NASDAQ Global Select Market® under the symbol “ADP.” When we refer to “we,” “us,” “our,” “ADP,” or the “Company” in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we mean Automatic Data Processing, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries. 3 BUSINESS OVERVIEW ADP’s Mission Our mission is to power organizations with insightful Human Capital Management (HCM) solutions that meet the changing needs of our clients and their workers. Data, digital technology, artificial intelligence, globalization, new business models and other significant events and disruptions continuously reshape the way people work. Our HCM technology, industry and compliance expertise and data insights deliver measurable results and , and contribute to an engaged, productive workforce. Our leading technology and commitment to service excellence are at the core of our relationship with each one of our clients, whether it's a small, or large organization operating in one or multiple countries around the world. We are always designing better ways to work through products, premium services and exceptional experiences that enable people to reach their full potential. ADP ’ s Business Pillars Our business is organized around three pillars which represent our core growth areas. U.S. HCM Solutions : In the United States, we provide HCM software with supporting service and expertise that assists employers of all types and sizes in managing the entire worker spectrum and employment cycle – from freelancer to and from hire to retire. U.S. HR Outsourcing (HRO) Solutions : In the United States, we offer comprehensive HRO solutions in which we provide complete management solutions for HR administration, payroll administration, talent management, employee benefits, benefits administration, employer liability management, and other HCM and employee benefits functions. Global Solutions : We offer international HCM and HRO solutions, comprised of both local, solutions and solutions, to clients wherever they do business around the world. ADP’s Strategy Our business strategy has three key priorities: With a large and growing addressable market, we are focused on our core growth areas and further enhancing our market position by executing on our Strategy: • Lead with HCM Technology. We design and develop HCM platforms that simplify work and utilize enabling technologies like artificial intelligence and modern cloud architecture. We aim to solve the needs of our clients and their workers today by making HCM transactions effortless and compliant, while anticipating their needs of tomorrow by incorporating valuable data insights and guidance into our solutions to help them better understand their workforce and how they compare to industry peers, and position them to make better decisions. • Provide Unmatched Expertise and Outsourcing Solutions. Our clients look to us as a source of expertise to understand key HR trends and best practices, employment and related legislation, and to offer thoughtful strategies to utilize HCM technology to achieve their business objectives and support their workforce. Many of our clients also look to us to take on responsibility for a portion or all of their HCM workflow via one of our HRO solutions. We intend to continue to build on our deep expertise and make it readily available to our clients through a variety of channels, ranging from traditional call and chat options to and options. We will continue to leverage our significant data insights and investments in AI and other enabling technologies to further enable our decades of knowledge and experience and more effectively 4 apply those to help our clients and their workers navigate the world of work. • Benefit our Clients with Our Global Scale. Our clients benefit from our unmatched global footprint and scale in the HCM industry. We will continue to build on these strengths to further improve our client experience, and to add to our global footprint to further meet our clients where they choose to do business and address their needs for a distributed and flexible workforce. We intend to build more relationships with partners, such as through the ADP Marketplace, in order to provide clients with seamless integrations and customizations that simplify their HR processes and help them meet their needs. And we intend to grow our sales organization and continue to invest in sales technology to not only make the purchase experience seamless but to also empower our sellers to provide the deep expertise and insights our clients, partners and influencers require to ensure they have the right HCM solutions to help them achieve their objectives and make a meaningful impact for their employees. Innovation at ADP Innovation is in our DNA. For 75 years, we have proven that actively listening and responding to what clients and their employees need and want keeps the world of work progressing forward. As a founder in the industry, we pioneered HCM automation, HCM in the cloud, mobile HCM and a digital HCM marketplace. This spirit of innovation remains a steady guide as we continue to listen and respond to emerging needs. The transformative potential of innovation continues to grow, in tandem with the power of technologies like artificial intelligence (AI), machine learning (ML) and generative AI. As these tools change how work happens, we remain focused on providing our clients and associates with HCM technology that is easy to use, powered with smart insights and personalized to support a experience. To bring these solutions to market, we pursue multiple paths to innovation. From leveraging our unique data to provide differentiated insights to collaborating with, or investing in, organizations with complementary products or purchasing solutions that add to our strong foundation, each of these avenues helps ADP sustain a culture focused on continuous innovation. Transforming our solutions and service through AI Data is the foundation of the advantage we bring to our clients. It’s at the core of our products and solutions, informing and driving our approach to innovation and new technology. The global scale and scope of our client base provide us the industry’s largest and deepest HCM dataset with over 1.1 million clients spanning over 140 countries and 42 million wage earners globally. Sitting at the center of workforce data, we’re able to create tools that automate critical processes, serve up proactive insights, and deliver a personalized experience. Launched in January 2024, ADP Assist is a solution powered by generative AI that transforms data into credible and actionable insights. ADP Assist offers smart, solutions through a conversational interface that touches every aspect of HR – payroll, time, talent, benefits, recruitment, analytics, reporting, and compliance. ADP Assist validates payroll information, checking for payroll anomalies and using generative AI to identify and help resolve missing tax registrations and answer questions by drawing on ADP’s large, dataset of compliance information. ADP Assist also uses generative AI to simplify report creation, helping HR practitioners and leaders access internal, national, and global workforce data to analyze compensation, turnover, candidate profile relevancy, and talent market insights. ADP Assist earned the “Generative AI Innovation Award” in the 2024 AI Breakthrough Awards. Additionally, we integrated generative AI within the Roll by ADP® solution to offer clients even greater HR and payroll support with deeper insights. This groundbreaking payroll solution utilizes an chat interface to turn traditional payroll management into an intuitive conversation that can complete payroll in under a minute. Leveraging ADP’s payroll expertise and data security, small business owners can download and Roll and run payroll anywhere, anytime, quickly, and compliantly, with no experience or training needed. The conversational experience runs off simple chat prompts such as “Run my payroll,” offering a simple and powerful experience that also allows clients to confidently handle compliance matters like tax filing and deposits. Along with transforming our solutions, we firmly believe AI and generative AI enhance our operations and enable us to elevate the client experience. To lean into our service expertise, we also extended generative AI capabilities to a broader portion of our service and implementation associates to deliver an even better client 5 experience. We also continue to explore generative AI capabilities to further empower our sellers and our product developers to be more productive. Leveraging our workforce data AI and ML drive many of the key features of ADP’s data products, including ADP DataCloud, our people analytics solution. ADP DataCloud analyzes aggregated, anonymized and timely HCM and compensation data from more than one million organizations across the U.S., powering solutions that provide clients with workforce and business insights that support critical HR decisions. In the U.S., ADP DataCloud’s Skills Graph, our proprietary data structure, is based on more than 44 million employee records, 140 million resumes and 11 million job postings across more than 20 industries and 500 geographic areas, and uses large language models to extract, align and normalize key information such as skills, job titles and levels, education and qualifications from data and infers missing skills and qualifications from context. Skills Graph powers ADP’s Candidate Profile Relevancy tool to help score, assess and predict candidates who are the best fit for a job opening and is designed to minimize the introduction of bias by, among other things, focusing on the skills, education, and experience of an applicant. Skills Graph also powers our Organizational Benchmarking Dashboard, which enables companies to decide how best to deploy their workers by comparing organizational metrics like headcount, labor costs and turnover against other similar businesses, as well as Talent Market Insights where organizations can explore jobs and locations to understand talent availability, skills, wages, turnover and time to fill an open position. ADP’s Benchmarks, powered by Skills Graph, deliver compensation insights and market and job coverage for over 9,000 job titles spanning more than 1,000 industries. Benchmarks are driven by a set of deep learning models that extract patterns and knowledge from millions of payroll records and job profiles to provide accurate information that reflects the reality of the position being researched, including salary benchmarking tools in the U.S. and Canada. We offer similar tools to clients outside the United States, including through our ADP GlobalView® and ADP iHCM solutions. We also continue to advance our platforms. Built to be as dynamic as the world of work, our platforms are designed for adaptability. These , global, scalable and secure platforms provide our clients with the flexibility they need to address today’s and tomorrow’s workplace challenges, and to personalize the experience based on their needs. Our HCM platform is built for the way people actually work together, moving beyond rigid hierarchical organization structures to mirror practically any structure of work groups, such as divisions, regions, or dynamic teams. Our HCM platform uses AI to tailor personalized experiences relevant to each employee based on attributes of role, geographic location, typical behaviors, and anticipated need. Our payroll platform is designed to be a global solution that supports workers of all types and enables , transparent, continuous payroll calculations. This payroll platform also unlocks flexible pay choices for our clients so they can provide the best pay experience for their workers. As the regulatory environment rapidly changes, making it harder for companies to navigate the complexities of payroll, our payroll platform’s compliance capabilities enable our clients to focus on managing their business. The size and breadth of ADP gives us a unique opportunity, especially in the era of data and products, to test innovative ideas, validate hypotheses and refine solutions before we bring them to the market. This happens through our “ ” program, which forges a direct connection point between our internal HR practitioners and our technologists. A key area of focus is using data and feedback from practitioners to build products that improve the employee experience and make HR technology more intentional and in the moment. It’s a feedback loop we extend beyond our program as well, sourcing regular feedback from client 6 pilot groups to continue to enhance and refine our solutions over time. By innovating with a mindset, we continue to transform work. Culture of responsible AI In harnessing the power of data through AI and ML, ADP recognizes the importance of accountability, transparency, privacy, explainability and governance, and in furtherance of those goals has established an active AI & Data Ethics Committee, comprised of both industry leaders and ADP experts, which advises on emerging industry trends and concerns and provides guidance with respect to compliance with the principles that ADP should follow while developing products, systems and applications that involve AI, ML and data. As we continue to explore the potential that new technologies like generative AI can provide, we understand the great responsibility we have to approach these innovations in a way that is ethical, secure, and compliant for our business and the clients and workers we serve around the world. This led to our establishment of an interdisciplinary working group across ADP to determine governance for use cases and adoption of a set of principles and processes to govern the use of these newer technologies, including operational monitoring of recommendations made by AI and ML technologies. In collaboration with other HCM providers and companies active in the HR space, we worked to develop Best Practices for use of AI in the Workplace led by the Future of Privacy Forum, an organization that brings together industry thought leaders to explore the challenges posed by technological innovation and develop privacy protections, ethical norms, and workable business practices. Creating a customized HR ecosystem To meet clients’ shifting needs, we also collaborate with partners through solutions like ADP Marketplace, one of the largest digital HR storefronts with over 800 partner solutions worldwide. ADP Marketplace is enhancing our client experience by offering integrated partner solutions. ADP Marketplace also uses ML to easily surface applications to meet clients’ critical HR needs. These capabilities are part of ADP’s initiative to bring the power of AI to HR practitioners, managers and employees. And all ADP Marketplace partners offering solutions must commit to a set of responsible AI principles based on the principles that govern our own products. As part of our vision to create an HR ecosystem that is not only efficient but empowers businesses and their people, ADP API Central offers clients access to secure APIs, and tools and resources to simplify and automate their business processes with custom integrations, helping to connect their data across their entire ecosystem. To enhance our integration capabilities, ADP acquired Sora, a intelligent workflow automation and data integration tool that unifies disparate business applications such as HR, IT and other systems and data sets to create a smarter, experience for employees, business owners and HR professionals. The acquisition further solidifies our strategy to simplify complex HR processes through automation. Reflecting our commitment to innovation, ADP launched a corporate venture capital arm and innovation lab, ADP Ventures. ADP Ventures’ mission is to enhance and strengthen ADP’s core business, create offerings in new adjacent segments and geographies, and develop new assets to monetize markets and segments beyond HCM. As part of its strategy, ADP Ventures invests in and partners with and scaling tech startups that advance ADP’s innovation strategy. Reportable Segments Our two reportable business segments are Employer Services and Professional Employer Organization (“PEO”), and are based on the way that management reviews the performance of, and makes decisions about, our business. For financial data by segment and by geographic area, see Note 14 to the “Consolidated Financial Statements” contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Employer Services . Our Employer Services segment serves clients ranging from small businesses to large enterprises with tens of thousands of employees around the world, offering a comprehensive range of HCM solutions, including our strategic, platforms, and HRO (other than PEO) solutions. These solutions address critical client needs and include: Payroll Services, Benefits Administration, Talent Management, HR Management, Workforce Management, Compliance Services, Insurance Services and Retirement Services. Professional Employer Organization . Our PEO business, called ADP TotalSource®, provides clients with comprehensive employment administration outsourcing solutions through a relationship in which employees who work for a client (referred to as “worksite employees”) are by us and the client. 7 PRODUCTS AND SOLUTIONS In order to serve the unique needs of our clients and their diverse types of businesses and workforce models, we provide a range of solutions which businesses of all types and sizes and across geographies can use to recruit, pay, manage, and retain their workforce. We address these broad market needs with our strategic platforms: RUN Powered by ADP®, serving over 890,000 small businesses; ADP Workforce Now®, serving over 85,000 and large businesses across our strategic pillars; and ADP Vantage HCM® and our HCM platform, serving large enterprise businesses. All of these solutions can be combined with ADP SmartCompliance® to address the increasingly broad and complex needs of employers. Outside the United States, we address the needs of over 65,000 clients with premier global solutions consisting of solutions and multinational offerings, including ADP GlobalView®, ADP Celergo®/Streamline® and ADP iHCM. Strategic Products and Solutions Across Client Size and Geography HCM Solutions Integrated HCM Solutions. Our premier suite of HCM products offers complete solutions that assist employers of all types and sizes in all stages of the employment cycle, from recruitment to retirement. Our suite of HCM solutions are powered by our strategic, , platforms, including: • RUN Powered by ADP combines a software platform for small business payroll, HR management and tax compliance administration, with 24/7 service and support from our team of small business experts. RUN Powered by ADP also integrates with other ADP solutions, such as workforce management, workers’ compensation insurance premium payment plans, and retirement plan administration systems. • ADP Workforce Now is a flexible HCM solution used across and large businesses in North America to manage their employees. More businesses use ADP Workforce Now in North America than any other HCM solution designed for both and large businesses. • ADP Vantage HCM is a solution for large enterprises in the United States. It offers a comprehensive set of HCM capabilities within a single solution that unifies the five major areas of HCM: HR management, benefits administration, payroll services, time and attendance management, and talent management. Payroll Services . We pay over 26 million (approximately 1 out of every 6) workers in the United States. We offer flexible payroll services to employers of all sizes, including the preparation of employee paychecks, pay statements, supporting journals, summaries, and management reports. 8 We provide employers with a wide range of payroll options, including using mobile technology, connecting their major enterprise resource planning (“ERP”) applications with ADP’s payroll services or outsourcing their entire payroll process to us. Employers can choose a variety of payroll payment options including ADP’s electronic wage payment and, in the United States, payroll card solutions and digital accounts. On behalf of our clients in the United States, we prepare and file federal, state and local payroll tax returns, and quarterly and annual Social Security, Medicare, and federal, state and local income tax withholding reports. Benefits Administration. In the United States, we provide powerful and agile solutions for employee benefits administration. These options include health and welfare administration services, leave administration services, insurance carrier enrollment services, employee communication services, and dependent verification services. In addition, ADP benefits administration solutions offer employers a simple and flexible eligibility and enrollment system that provides their employees with tools, communications, and other resources they need to understand their benefits options and make informed choices. Talent Management. ADP’s Talent Management solutions simplify and improve the talent acquisition, management and activation process, from recruitment to ongoing employee engagement and development. Employers can also outsource their internal recruitment function to ADP. Our solutions provide performance, learning, succession and compensation management tools that help employers align goals to outcomes, and enable managers to identify and mitigate potential retention risks. Our talent activation solutions include StandOut ® powered by ADP, which provides team leaders with data and insights to drive employee engagement and leadership development, which in turn help drive employee performance. Workforce Management. ADP’s Workforce Management offers a range of solutions to over 130,000 employers of all sizes, including time and attendance, absence management and scheduling tools. Time and attendance solutions include time capture via online timesheets, timeclocks with badge readers, biometrics and , telephone/interactive voice response, and mobile smartphones and tablets. These tools automate the calculation and reporting of hours worked, helping employers prepare payroll, control costs and overtime, and manage compliance with wage and hour regulations. Absence management tools include accrued time off, attendance policy and leave case management modules. Our employee scheduling tools simplify visibility, offer capabilities and can assist managers with optimizing schedules to boost productivity and minimize under- and . We also offer data analytics and reporting tools that provide clients with insights, benchmarks and performance metrics so they can better manage their workforce. In addition, modules are available for labor forecasting, budgeting, activity and task management, grant and project tracking, and tips management. Compliance Solutions. ADP’s Compliance Solutions provides expertise in payment compliance and tax matters that complement the payroll, HR and ERP systems of our clients. In our fiscal year ended June 30, 2024, in the United States, we processed and delivered more than 78 million employee tax statements and moved more than $3.1 trillion in client funds to our clients’ employees, tax authorities and other payees. • ADP SmartCompliance. In the United States, ADP SmartCompliance integrates client data delivered from our integrated HCM platforms or payroll, HR and financial systems into a single, solution. Our specialized teams use the data to work with clients to help them manage changing and complex regulatory landscapes and improve business processes. ADP SmartCompliance includes compliance solutions such as Employment Tax and Wage Payments, as well as Tax Credits, Health Compliance, Wage Garnishments, Employment Verifications, Unemployment Claims and W-2 Management. • ADP SmartCompliance Employment Tax. As part of our employment tax services in the United States, we prepare and file employment tax returns on our clients’ behalf and, in connection with these services, collect employment taxes from clients and remit these taxes to more than 8,000 federal, state and local tax agencies. • ADP SmartCompliance Wage Payments. In the United States, we offer compliant pay solutions for today’s 9 workforce, including electronic payroll disbursement options such as payroll cards, digital accounts and direct deposit, as well as traditional payroll checks, which can be integrated with clients’ ERP and payroll systems. Human Resources Management. Commonly referred to as Human Resource Information Systems, ADP’s Human Resources Management Solutions provide employers with a single system of record to support the entry, validation, maintenance, and reporting of data required for effective HR management, including employee names, addresses, job types, salary grades, employment history, and educational background. Insurance Services. ADP’s Insurance Services business, in conjunction with our licensed insurance agency, Automatic Data Processing Insurance Agency, Inc., facilitates access in the United States to workers’ compensation and group health insurance for over 240,000 small and clients through a variety of insurance carriers. Our automated ® premium payment program calculates and collects workers’ compensation premium payments each pay period, simplifying this task for employers. Retirement Services. ADP Retirement Services helps over 170,000 employers in the United States administer various types of retirement plans, such as traditional and Roth 401(k)s, profit sharing (including new comparability), SIMPLE and SEP IRAs, and executive deferred compensation plans. ADP Retirement Services offers a full service 401(k) plan program which provides recordkeeping and administrative services, combined with an investment platform offered through ADP , Inc. that gives our clients’ employees access to a wide range of investment options and online tools to monitor the performance of their investments. In addition, ADP Retirement Services offers investment management services to retirement plans through ADP Strategic Plan Services, LLC, an SEC registered investment adviser under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940. ADP Retirement Services also offers trustee services through a third party as well as through ADP Retirement Trust Services, LLC, a New Hampshire affiliated trust company. HRO Solutions As a leader in the growing HR Outsourcing market, we partner with clients from small, midsized and large enterprise organizations, offering a full range of premium services and seamless technology for HR, benefits, payroll, and talent management. We help organizations streamline processes, reduce the daily workload and reduce compliance risk while also gaining a partner to navigate HR challenges. Whether a client chooses our Professional Employer Organization (PEO) or Human Resources Outsourcing (HRO)/Managed Services, we offer solutions tailored to a client’s specific needs and provide expertise, guidance and tools, all personalized to meet their unique needs. ADP’s HR Outsourcing solutions serve over three million employees. Professional Employer Organization. ADP TotalSource is enabled by ADP Workforce Now and offers small and businesses a comprehensive HR outsourcing solution through a model. With a PEO, both ADP and the client have a relationship with the client’s employees. We assume certain employer responsibilities such as payroll processing and tax filings, and the client maintains control of its business and all management responsibilities. ADP TotalSource clients are able to offer their employees services and benefits on par with those of much larger enterprises, without the need to staff a full HR department. With our HCM software at the core, we serve more than 17,000 clients and 10 more than 750,000 worksite employees in all 50 U.S. states. ADP TotalSource is the largest PEO certified by the Internal Revenue Service as meeting the requirements to operate as a Certified Professional Employer Organization under the Internal Revenue Code. As a PEO, ADP TotalSource provides a broad range of HR administrative services, including payroll and payroll tax, employer compliance, HR guidance, employee benefits and benefit administration, talent strategies, and workers’ compensation insurance including risk and claims management. Some of the rich offerings available through ADP TotalSource to address today’s workplace challenges include: • Better Employee Benefits: Through our PEO, many of our clients discover that they can offer a richer overall benefits package than they could afford to offer on their own. We give clients access to a patented approach to help them target the best benefit plan offerings for their employees. They can compare plan options and make more educated decisions about what plan offering is best for their company and budget. In addition, ADP TotalSource integrates with our ADP Marketplace to further tailor offerings, such as helping employees pay off student loans with payroll contributions and integrating a client’s U.S. PEO population with its global workforce’s HR system of record. • Protection and Compliance: ADP TotalSource HR experts help clients manage the risks of being an employer by advising how to properly handle a range of issues – from HR and safety compliance to . This includes access to workers’ compensation coverage and expertise designed to help them handle both routine and unexpected incidents, including discrimination and harassment claims. • Talent Engagement: Featuring a talent blueprint, ADP TotalSource HR experts work with clients to help them better engage and retain their workforce through solutions that support the core needs of an employee at work. In addition, our recruitment team is dedicated to helping our clients find and hire new talent, while reducing the stress of uncovering top talent. • Expertise: Each client is assigned a designated HR specialist for and strategic guidance. Clients can also access benchmarks in areas such as turnover and overtime, staffing and benefit costs, and have their ADP HR expert help tailor recommendations to continue to drive their business forward. A payroll specialist is also available to clients to help them ensure their workers are paid correctly, on time and compliantly. ADP Comprehensive Services. ADP Comprehensive Services combines personalized, support with our ADP Workforce Now platform to offer a managed services solution tailored to the specific needs of businesses of all sizes. Our committed team of professionals provides expertise, guidance, and tools across HR, talent, payroll, and benefits administration leveraging proven expertise, deep experience, and best practices. We take the time to understand our clients’ businesses to offer the right support, enabling a flexible partnership that can cover one, some, or all areas of HR and payroll. Our service is designed to act as an extension of our client’s resources, providing outsourced execution that effectively combines processes and technology. With ADP Comprehensive Services, our clients can confidently execute their HCM operations, knowing they have the robust support of our team behind them. ADP Comprehensive Outsourcing Services (ADP COS). ADP COS is designed for large enterprise outsourcing for payroll. With ADP COS, the payroll process becomes our responsibility, freeing up clients to address critical issues like employee engagement and retention. The combination of technology, deep expertise and insights that ADP COS offers is powerful, allowing clients to focus on strategy and results. ADP Recruitment Process Outsourcing Services (ADP RPO ® ). ADP RPO provides deep talent insights to help drive targeted recruitment strategies for attracting top talent. With global, customizable recruitment services, ADP RPO enables organizations to find and hire the best candidates for hourly, professional or executive positions. In addition, we also deliver market analytics, sourcing strategies, candidate screening, selection and solutions to help organizations connect their talent strategy to their business’s priorities. Global Solutions Our premier global solutions consist of and local solutions for employers of any type or size. We partner with clients to help them navigate the most complex HR and payroll scenarios using tailored and scalable technology supported by our deep compliance expertise. ADP Global Payroll is a solution for multinational organizations of all sizes, empowering them to harmonize 11 HCM strategies in over 140 countries globally. This improves visibility, control and operational efficiency, giving organizations the insight and confidence to adapt to changing local needs, while helping to drive overall organizational agility and engagement. We also offer comprehensive, HCM solutions that combine innovative technology with deep local expertise. By operating a flexible service model, we help clients manage various combinations of payroll services, HR management, time and attendance management, talent management and benefits management, depending on the country in which the solution is provided. We pay over 15 million workers outside the United States with our solutions and with ADP GlobalView, ADP Celergo/Streamline and ADP iHCM – our simplified and intuitive solutions. As part of our global payroll services, we supply regulatory and legislative tax statements and other forms to our clients’ employees. Our global talent management solutions elevate the employee experience, from recruitment to ongoing employee engagement and development. Our comprehensive HR solutions combined with our deep expertise make our clients’ global HR management strategies a reality. Our configurable, automated time and attendance tools help global clients understand the work being performed and the resources being used, and help ensure the right people are in the right place at the right time. MARKETS AND SALES Our HCM solutions are offered in over 140 countries and territories across North America, Latin America, Europe, Asia and Africa. The most material markets for HCM Solutions, Global Solutions and HRO Solutions (other than PEO) are the United States, Canada and Europe. In each market, we have both solutions and solutions, for employers of all sizes and complexities. The major components of our offerings throughout these geographies are payroll, HR outsourcing and workforce management. In addition, we offer wage and tax collection and/or remittance services in the United States, Canada, the United Kingdom, Australia, India and China. Our PEO business offers services exclusively in the United States. We market our solutions primarily through our direct sales force. We also market HCM Solutions, Global Solutions and HRO Solutions through indirect sales channels, such as marketing relationships with certified public accountants and banks, among others. None of our major business units has a single homogeneous client base or market. While concentrations of clients exist in specific industries, no one client, industry or industry group is material to our overall revenues. We are a leader in each of our major service offerings and do not believe any of our major services or business units is subject to unique market risk. COMPETITION The industries in which we operate are highly competitive. We know of no reliable statistics by which we can determine the number of our competitors, but we believe that we are one of the largest providers of HCM solutions in the world. HCM Solutions, Global Solutions and HRO Solutions (other than PEO) compete with other business outsourcing companies, companies providing ERP services, providers of HCM solutions and financial institutions. Our PEO business competes with other PEOs providing similar services, as well as business outsourcing companies, companies providing ERP services and providers of HCM solutions. Other competitive factors include a company’s function, whereby a company installs and operates its own HCM system. Competition for business outsourcing solutions is primarily based on product and service quality, reputation, ease of use and accessibility of technology, breadth of offerings, and price. We believe that we are competitive in each of these areas and that our technology (together with our data) and commitment to service excellence, distinguishes us from our competitors. INDUSTRY REGULATION Our business is subject to a wide range of complex U.S. and foreign laws and regulations. In addition, many of our solutions are designed to assist clients with their compliance with certain U.S. and foreign laws and regulations that apply to them. We have, and continue to enhance, compliance programs and policies to monitor and address the legal and regulatory requirements applicable to our operations and client solutions, including dedicated compliance personnel and training programs. As one of the world’s largest providers of HCM solutions, our systems contain a significant amount of data related to clients, employees of our clients, vendors and our 12 employees. We are, therefore, subject to compliance obligations under federal, state and foreign privacy, data protection, artificial intelligence (AI) and cybersecurity-related laws, including federal, state and foreign security breach notification laws with respect to both client employee data and our own employee data. The changing nature of these comprehensive laws in the United States, Europe and elsewhere, including the European Union’s (the “EU”) General Data Protection Regulation (the “GDPR”) and the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020 (the “CPRA”), impact our processing of personal information of our employees and on behalf of our clients. The GDPR imposes strict and comprehensive requirements on us as both a data controller and a data processor. As part of our overall data protection compliance program, including with respect to data protection laws in the EU, we are one of the few companies in the world to have implemented Binding Corporate Rules (“BCRs”). Compliance with our BCRs permits us to process and transfer personal data across borders in accordance with the GDPR and other data protection laws in the EU. The CPRA requires companies to provide data disclosure, access, deletion and rights to consumers in California. In the area of artificial intelligence, some states and localities in the U.S., the EU and elsewhere have proposed or already enacted legislation that imposes obligations on how we develop and market products and solutions. Specifically, the EU Artificial Intelligence Act imposes requirements on providers of certain types of AI services. Additionally, frameworks like the National Institute of Standards and Technology AI Risk Management Framework are being promulgated and adherence to these may become an industry standard or client expectation. In the United States, the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 applies to our insurance services businesses and ADP TotalSource. As part of our payroll and payroll tax management services, we move client funds to our clients’ employees, tax authorities and other payees via electronic transfer, direct deposit, prepaid access and ADPCheck. In 2019, the Office of the Comptroller of Currency (the “OCC”) authorized us to open ADP Trust Company, National Association (the “ADP Trust Bank”), via a national trust bank charter pursuant to the National Bank Act. The ADP Trust Bank is the sole trustee of ADP Client Trust, our grantor trust which holds U.S. client funds, and is responsible for the oversight and management of those client funds. The ADP Trust Bank, and all of its fiduciary activities including the U.S. money movement it oversees and manages via ADP Client Trust, is subject to comprehensive ongoing oversight and regulation by the OCC. In addition, our U.S. money movement managed by the ADP Trust Bank and our U.S. prepaid access offering are subject to the laundering and reporting provisions of The Bank Secrecy Act of 1970, as amended by the USA PATRIOT Act of 2001 (the “BSA”). Our prepaid access offerings are subject to consumer protection laws and regulations, including the Electronic Funds Transfer Act and Regulation E issued by the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau as well as prohibitions on unfair, deceptive, or abusive acts or practices. Consumer protections for prepaid accounts under Regulation E include requirements related to fee and other disclosures, error resolution and investigation, and account access. Elements of our money movement activities outside of the United States are subject to licensing and similar laundering and reporting laws and requirements in certain countries in which we provide such services. In February 2024, ADP Canada Co. became a registered entity with the Financial Transactions and Reports Analysis Centre of Canada (FINTRAC), Canada’s laundering and financing supervisor, as a Money Service Business (MSB) as a result of a change in policy guidance from FINTRAC related to the Canadian Proceeds of Crime (Money Laundering) and Terrorist Financing Act. Our employee background screening services business offers background checking services that are subject to the Fair Credit Reporting Act. ADP TotalSource is subject to various state licensing requirements and, as a Certified PEO, maintains certifications with the Internal Revenue Service. Because ADP TotalSource is a with respect to its clients’ worksite employees, we may be subject to certain obligations and responsibilities of an employer under federal and state tax, insurance and employment laws, including worksite employee payroll obligations and with respect to claimed employee retention and other tax credits. ADP Strategic Plan Services, LLC, our registered investment adviser, provides certain investment management and advisory services to retirement plan administrators under a heightened “fiduciary” standard and is regulated by the SEC and the U.S. Department of Labor. ADP , Inc., which supports our Retirement Services business, is a registered regulated by the SEC and the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA). ADP Retirement Trust Services, LLC supports our Retirement Services business as a New Hampshire trust company. ADP Retirement Trust Services, LLC is trustee of and is responsible for oversight and safeguarding of the retirement plan assets of clients of our Retirement Services business. ADP Retirement Trust Services, LLC is a with responsibility for oversight of the retirement plan assets and regulated by the Department of Labor under the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, and is also subject to the oversight of the New Hampshire Banking Department. Our current and future offerings in the payments and/or consumer space may also subject us to additional laws and regulations, which could also require corresponding compliance programs and policies and dedicated resources. In addition, many of our businesses offer solutions that assist our clients in complying with certain U.S. and foreign laws and regulations that apply to them. Although these laws and regulations apply to our clients and not to ADP, changes in such laws or regulations may affect our operations, products and services. For example, our payroll services are designed to facilitate compliance with state laws and regulations applicable to the payment of wages. 13 In addition, our HCM solutions help clients manage their compliance with certain requirements of the Affordable Care Act in the United States. Similarly, our Tax Credit Services business, which helps clients in the United States take advantage of tax credit opportunities in connection with the hiring of new employees and certain other activities, is based on federal, state or local tax laws and regulations allowing for tax credits, which are subject to renewal, amendment or rescission. We believe that key components of our compliance programs provide real competitive differentiators. For instance, our BCRs have enabled ADP to apply a global standard of data protection, simplifying data transfer processes and assisting our clients in meeting the demanding standards of data protection expected in Europe – a solution that most competitors cannot provide. Similarly, the ADP Client Trust and ADP Trust Bank provide client funds with a level of protection that most competitors cannot offer. The foregoing description does not include an exhaustive list of the laws and regulations governing or impacting our business. See the discussion contained in the “Risk Factors” section in Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for information regarding changes in laws and regulations that could have a materially adverse effect on our reputation, results of operations or financial condition or have other adverse consequences. CLIENTS AND CLIENT CONTRACTS We provide services to more than 1.1 million clients. In fiscal 2024, no single client or group of affiliated clients accounted for revenues in excess of 2% of our annual consolidated revenues. We are continuously in the process of performing implementation services for new clients. Depending on the service agreement and/or the size of the client, the installation or conversion period for new clients can vary from a short period of time for a small Employer Services client (as little as 24 hours) to a longer period for a large Employer Services client with multiple deliverables (generally six to nine months). In some cases, based on a client's timeline, the period may exceed two years for a large, GlobalView client or other large, implementation. Although we monitor sales that have not yet been installed, we do not view this metric as material to an understanding of our overall business in light of the recurring nature of our business. This metric is not a reported number, but it is used by management as a planning tool to allocate resources needed to install services, and as a means of assessing our performance against the expectations of our clients. In addition, some of our products and services are sold under contracts with initial terms ranging from two to seven years. However, this anticipated future revenue under contract is not a significant portion of our expected future revenue, is not a meaningful indicator of our future performance and is not material to management's estimate of our future revenue. Our business is typically characterized by client relationships that result in recurring revenue. Our services are provided under written price quotations or service agreements having varying terms and conditions. No one price quotation or service agreement is material to us. Based on our retention levels in fiscal 2024, our client retention is estimated at approximately 13 years in Employer Services, and approximately 6 years in PEO. PRODUCT DEVELOPMENT We continually upgrade, enhance, and expand our solutions and services. In general, new solutions and services supplement rather than replace our existing solutions and services and, given our recurring revenue model, do not have a material and immediate effect on our revenues. We believe that our strategic solutions and services have significant remaining life cycles. RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT During the fiscal years ended June 30, 2024, 2023 and 2022, we invested approximately $1.276 billion, $1.195 billion, and $1.210 billion, respectively, in research and development. These investments include expenses for activities such as the development of new products, maintenance expenses associated with our existing technologies, investments in generative AI, purchases of new software and software licenses, and additions to software resulting from business combinations. LICENSES We are the licensee under a number of agreements for computer programs and databases. Our business is not dependent upon a single license or group of licenses. licenses, patents, trademarks, and franchises are not material to our business as a whole. 14 OUR HCM STRATEGY Our Human Capital Management (HCM) strategy is simple, our people have differentiated us for 75 years and we remain committed to valuing, developing and engaging them. Our Chief Human Resources Officer (CHRO), together with our Executive Leadership Team, manages our HCM strategy and related programs and initiatives, as well as our talent strategy. Our CHRO, along with our CEO, as appropriate, regularly updates and supports our Compensation and Management Development Committee of the Board (“CMDC”) as well as the Board of Directors on HCM matters, including culture, engagement, hiring, rewards, and inclusion, diversity, equity and belonging efforts. The CMDC is responsible for these matters, as well as our executive compensation program, plans, and our management succession planning and development program. Our Associates and Demographics As of June 30, 2024 , our global team of associates consisted of approximately 64,000 persons. We track certain gender and racial demographics of our workforce and share them in our annual Global Corporate Social Responsibility (“CSR”) Report, which is available on our website. Nothing in our CSR Report shall be deemed incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Our Culture and Values years ago, our founders established values that guide us today. These values have helped shape our culture, which embraces inclusion, diversity, equity and belonging. Our business success is closely linked to our commitment to creating an environment in which our associates thrive, and to do so we listen to and engage our associates. We conduct an annual culture survey, myVoice, where our associates can share their perspectives on important topics, including client service, inclusion, diversity, equity and belonging, social responsibility, ethics, innovation and leadership. Along with many of our clients, we leverage our innovative StandOut® powered by ADP platform, to help managers drive talent engagement throughout the year. We issue quarterly global StandOut® Engagement Pulse® surveys to ensure that all associates can share with their leaders how they feel about their work and their colleagues, and for us to get a snapshot of engagement across the globe. The strength of our ADP team comes from what each one of us offers each other, our clients and our community. Through our myMoment Recognition Program, we give our associates the opportunity to recognize and celebrate each other when they demonstrate our values, drive our goals and go above and beyond in contributing to our collective success. Our global ADP Cares program, which is funded by the Company, the ADP Foundation and our generous associates, helps members of our team get through difficult, unforeseen events such as natural disasters and major illnesses. We also proudly support our associates that give back to our communities through paid volunteer time off and our donation matching program. Inclusion, diversity, equity and belonging are cornerstones of our culture. We value diverse perspectives and believe that our associates and their best ideas thrive in a diverse and inclusive environment. We strive to reflect the diversity of the communities and clients we serve and are firmly focused on ensuring that all our associates are welcomed and enjoy a deep sense of belonging. We have a number of initiatives to strengthen and further cultivate our inclusive and diverse culture. As an example, ADP’s Global IDEB Impact Council was created to align and amplify our inclusion efforts, providing us with an advantage to attract and retain associates and clients. The council, comprised of senior leaders across the enterprise, was designed to focus across four pillars, including Technology & Innovation, Culture & Belonging, Business Practices and Talent Practices. Our voluntary business resource groups (BRGs), which cover a broad array of diverse associates that share common interests and experiences, make us stronger by promoting inclusion, diversity, equity and belonging and cultural awareness, accelerating associate engagement, retention and career development, helping build relationships with diverse markets in our communities, and promoting the conservation and restoration of natural resources. At ADP, we are committed to upholding fair and equitable pay. Pay equity is critical to creating an inclusive and engaging culture that enables all associates to reach their full potential. We make pay decisions based on skills, experience, the market value of the job and performance. We have incorporated regular pay equity reviews into our compensation decisions. And, we no 15 longer ask candidates to provide their salary history in most of the countries where we operate. Our commitment to building a better world of work and creating a workplace where everyone can thrive has led to recognition across the globe, including Fortune’s World’s Most Admired Companies (18 consecutive years); Best Place to Work for Disability Inclusion; Fair360 Top 50 Companies for Diversity; Seramount’s Best Companies for Multicultural Women; Fast Company’s Best Workplaces for Innovators; Newsweek’s America’s Most Responsible Companies; and Newsweek’s Most Trustworthy Companies in America. Our Talent Strategy Our talent strategy is simple – we aim to attract, develop and retain ambitious, passionate and overall top talent by offering a place where our associates can grow their careers, challenge themselves, share generously, take risks, and create positive change. This has allowed us to be recognized by esteemed organizations as an employer of choice year after year. We invest in our team members so that they have the skills necessary to succeed and grow their careers. The ADP talent journey begins with an innovative, engaging and comprehensive onboarding process followed by extensive training and mentorship. Thereafter, our associates can access a wide range of professional and functional skills training to further continue and enhance performance and career development. Our sales professionals are provided with award winning training programs and tools throughout their careers, and we also provide our technologists with access to training and experiences in the latest technologies on the market. We know our people leaders have tremendous impact on our associates and clients, and so we invest in a leadership development strategy that uses innovative approaches to support new and experienced leaders with formal learning, tools to understand and engage their team, and in the moment support during moments that matter. Additionally, our succession planning process deploys leaders to new career experiences that help ensure we are developing executives that will deliver results now and in the future. Our Benefits and Health and Wellness Programs The wide range of benefits and health and wellness programs we offer contribute to an environment where all our associates add to our success. Our associates receive a competitive benefits package, intended to help them enjoy physical, emotional and financial and be productive members of their teams. While exact benefits vary by associate and region, they typically include health care coverage, a 401(k) plan with company matching contributions for U.S. associates, life insurance, paid time off and tuition reimbursement. We particularly emphasize benefits that support individual and family needs (parental leave, adoption/fertility benefits and caregiver support), and constantly update our programs according to our associates’ needs. We offer physical and mental wellness programs that help our team pursue a healthy lifestyle and reduce absenteeism and lost time due to injuries. Our efforts include a health and safety manual and website, safety education and training, and a wellness program that rewards associates for completing wellness activities. Physical and mental health initiatives vary across regions, but can include personal health checks, nutrition and fitness expert visits offering free consultation and programs, employee mental wellness assistance programs, free counseling and mental health therapy assistance for associates, and mindfulness classes. Available Information Our corporate website, www.adp.com , provides materials for investors and information about our solutions and services. ADP’s Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, all amendments to those reports, and the Proxy Statements for our Annual Meetings of Stockholders are made available, free of charge, on our corporate website as soon as reasonably practicable after such reports have been filed with or furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), and are also available on the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov . The content on any website referenced in this filing is not incorporated by reference into this filing unless expressly noted otherwise. 16 Item 1A. Risk Factors Our businesses routinely encounter and address risks, some of which may cause our future results to be different than we currently anticipate. The risk factors described below represent our current view of some of the most important risks facing our businesses and are important to understanding our business. The following information should be read in conjunction with Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk and the consolidated financial statements and related notes included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. This discussion includes a number of statements. You should refer to the description of the qualifications and limitations on statements in the first paragraph under Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. See "Item 1. Business—Competition" of this Form 10-K for a discussion of the competitive environment in the markets in which we operate. Many risks affect more than one category, and the risks are not in order of significance or probability of occurrence because they have been grouped by categories. The risks described below are not the only risks we face and the occurrence of any of the following risks or other risks not presently known to us or that we currently believe to be immaterial could have a materially adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition or reputation. LEGAL AND COMPLIANCE RISKS Failure to comply with, compliance with or changes in, laws and regulations applicable to our businesses could have a materially adverse effect on our reputation, results of operations or financial condition, or have other adverse consequences Our business is subject to a wide range of complex U.S. and foreign laws and regulations, including, but not limited to, the laws and regulations described in the “Industry Regulation” section in Part I, Item 1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Failure to comply with laws and regulations applicable to our operations or client solutions and services could cause us to incur substantial costs or could result in the suspension or revocation of licenses or registrations, the limitation, suspension or termination of services, the imposition of consent orders or civil and criminal penalties, including fines, and lawsuits, including class actions, that could damage our reputation and have a materially adverse effect on our results of operation or financial condition. In addition, changes in laws or regulations, or changes in the interpretation of laws or regulations by a regulatory authority, may decrease our revenues and earnings and may require us to change the manner in which we conduct some aspects of our business. For example, a change in regulations either decreasing the amount of taxes to be withheld or allowing less time to remit taxes to government authorities would adversely impact average client balances and, thereby, adversely impact interest income from investing client funds before such funds are remitted to the applicable tax authorities. Changes in U.S. or foreign tax laws, regulations or rulings or the interpretation thereof could adversely affect our effective tax rate and our net income. Changes in laws, or interpretations thereof, that govern the arrangement between a professional employer organization and its worksite employees may require us to change the manner in which we conduct some aspects of our PEO business. In addition, changes in the manner in which health and welfare plans sponsored by PEOs or the TotalSource Health and Welfare Plan, in particular, are regulated could adversely impact the demand for our PEO offering. Because our PEO is a with our PEO clients and a Certified PEO by the Internal Revenue Service, we may be subject to certain obligations, responsibilities and liabilities of an employer with respect to Worksite Employees (WSE), including with respect to their wages and the payment thereof, the payment of certain taxes with respect to WSE wages and employee benefits provided to the WSEs. Even though PEO clients are contractually responsible for the timely remittance of such costs, it is possible that our clients will not remit such payments despite their contractual obligations. The risk of failing to receive such payments from PEO clients could be magnified during significant financial or other disruptions or catastrophic events, such as the failure of a bank with whom a significant number of PEO clients may bank at the time, or more widespread stress or failure within the U.S. banking system. Any such event could prevent or materially delay the recovery of any payments not timely remitted and could have an adverse impact on our financial results and liquidity. Our Wisely® offerings and potentially other future offerings in the payments and/or consumer space may subject us to additional laws and regulations, some of which may not be uniform and may require us to modify or restrict our offerings and decrease our potential revenue and earnings. Failure to comply with laws and regulations, economic and trade sanctions, laundering laws and regulations, and similar laws could have a materially adverse effect on our reputation, results of operations or financial condition, or have other adverse consequences Regulators worldwide continue to exercise a high level of scrutiny with respect to , economic and trade sanctions, and laundering laws and regulations. Such scrutiny has resulted in aggressive investigations and enforcement of such laws and burdensome regulations, any of which could materially adversely impact our business. We operate our business around the world, including in numerous developing economies where companies and government officials are more likely to engage in business practices that are 17 prohibited by domestic and foreign laws and regulations, including the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and the U.K. Bribery Act 2010. Such laws generally prohibit improper payments or offers of payments to foreign government officials and leaders of political parties and, in some cases, to other persons, for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. We are also subject to economic and trade sanctions programs, including those administered by the U.S. Treasury Department’s Office of Foreign Assets Control, which prohibit or restrict transactions or dealings with specified countries, their governments and, in certain circumstances, their nationals, and with individuals and entities that are specially designated, including narcotics traffickers and terrorists or terrorist organizations, among others. In addition, some of our businesses and entities in the U.S. and a number of other countries in which we operate are subject to laundering laws and regulations, including, for example, The Bank Secrecy Act of 1970, as amended by the USA PATRIOT Act of 2001 (the “BSA”). Among other things, the BSA requires certain financial institutions, including banks and money services businesses (such as national trust banks and providers of prepaid access like us), to develop and implement laundering programs, report large cash transactions and suspicious activity, and maintain transaction records. We have registered our payroll card business as a provider of prepaid access, and registered ADP Trust Bank and ADP Retirement Trust Services with the Treasury Department’s Financial Crimes Enforcement Network (FinCEN). ADP Canada Co. is a registered entity with the Financial Transactions and Reports Analysis Centre of Canada (FINTRAC) as a Money Service Business (MSB). We have implemented policies and procedures to monitor and address compliance with applicable , economic and trade sanctions and laundering laws and regulations, and we regularly review, upgrade and enhance our policies and procedures. However, there can be no assurance that our employees, consultants or agents will not take actions in violation of our policies for which we may be ultimately responsible, or that our policies and procedures will be adequate or will be determined to be adequate by regulators. Any violations of applicable , economic and trade sanctions or laundering laws or regulations could limit certain of our business activities until they are satisfactorily remediated and could result in civil and criminal penalties, including fines, which could damage our reputation and have a materially adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition. Further, bank regulators continue to impose additional and stricter requirements on banks to ensure they are meeting their BSA obligations, and banks are increasingly viewing money services businesses and senders to be higher risk customers for money laundering. As a result, our banking partners that assist in processing our money movement transactions may limit the scope of services they provide to us or may impose additional material requirements on us. These regulatory restrictions on banks and changes to banks’ internal policies and procedures may result in a decrease in the number of banks that may do business with us, may require us to materially change the manner in which we conduct some aspects of our business, may decrease our revenues and earnings and could have a materially adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition. Failure to comply with privacy, data protection, artificial intelligence and cyber security laws and regulations could have a materially adverse effect on our reputation, results of operations or financial condition, or have other adverse consequences The collection, storage, hosting, transfer, processing, disclosure, use, security and retention and destruction of personal information required to provide our services is subject to federal, state and foreign privacy, data protection and cyber security laws. These laws, which are not uniform, generally do one or more of the following: regulate the collection, storage, hosting, transfer (including in some cases, the transfer outside the country of collection), processing, disclosure, use, security and retention and destruction of personal information; require notice to individuals of privacy practices; give individuals certain access and correction rights with respect to their personal information; and regulate the use or disclosure of personal information for secondary purposes such as marketing. Under certain circumstances, some of these laws require us to provide notification to affected individuals, clients, data protection authorities and/or other regulators in the event of a data breach. In many cases, these laws apply not only to transactions, but also to transfers of information among the Company and its subsidiaries. The European Union (the “EU”) General Data Protection Regulation (the “GDPR”), and state consumer privacy laws like the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020 (the “CPRA”), are among the most comprehensive of these laws, and more and more jurisdictions are adopting similarly comprehensive laws that impose new data privacy protection requirements and restrictions. As part of our overall data protection compliance program in connection with the GDPR, we implemented Binding Corporate Rules (“BCRs”) as both a data processor and data controller, which permits us to process and transfer personal data across borders in compliance with EU data protection laws. We believe that providing insights and content from data, including via artificial intelligence (AI) and machine learning (ML), will become increasingly important to the value that our solutions and services deliver to our clients. We are increasingly leveraging AI and ML in our solutions and service delivery and are exploring how best to integrate generative AI technologies and develop and deploy capabilities that are beneficial to our clients and their employees. However, legislation that governs the development and/or use of AI has been adopted or is under consideration in the U.S. at the state and local level, as well as abroad. In addition , frameworks like the National Institute of Standards and Technology AI Risk 18 Management Framework are being promulgated and adherence to these may become an industry standard or a client expectation. As a result, the ability to provide insights and otherwise leverage AI and ML may be constrained by current or future laws (including product liability regimes), regulatory or requirements or ethical considerations, including our own published, guiding ethical principles regarding AI and ML, that could restrict or impose burdensome and costly requirements on our ability to leverage data and/or these technologies in innovative ways. Our use of generative AI in our products and operations also introduces additional risks, including risks related to accuracy, bias, security, and privacy. For example, if the data used to train a model or the model’s output is inaccurate or biased, or alleged to be inaccurate or biased, we could be subject to reputational damage or litigation. Complying with privacy, data protection, AI and cyber security laws and requirements, including the enhanced obligations imposed by the GDPR, our BCRs, U.S. state privacy laws, including the CPRA, and the EU Artificial Intelligence Act, may result in significant costs to our business and require us to amend certain of our business practices. Further, enforcement actions and investigations by regulatory authorities related to data security incidents and privacy violations continue to increase. The future enactment of more restrictive laws, rules or regulations and/or future enforcement actions or investigations could have a materially adverse impact on us through increased costs or restrictions on our businesses and noncompliance could result in significant regulatory penalties and legal liability and damage our reputation. In addition, data security events, concerns about privacy abuses by other companies and increased awareness of the potential (positive and negative) of AI are changing consumer and social expectations for enhanced protections (including with respect to bias and potential discrimination). As a result, noncompliance, the failure to meet such expectations or the perception of noncompliance or such failure, whether or not valid, may damage our reputation. If we fail to protect our intellectual property rights, it could materially adversely affect our business and our brand Our ability to compete and our success depend, in part, upon our intellectual property. We rely on patent, copyright, trade secret and trademark laws, and confidentiality or license agreements with our employees, clients, vendors, partners and others to protect our intellectual property rights. We may need to devote significant resources, including cybersecurity resources, to monitoring our intellectual property rights. In addition, the steps we take to protect our intellectual property rights may be inadequate or ineffective, or may not provide us with a significant competitive advantage. Our intellectual property (including source code) could be wrongfully acquired as a result of a or other wrongful conduct by third parties or our personnel. Litigation brought to protect and enforce our intellectual property rights could be costly and . Furthermore, our efforts to enforce our intellectual property rights may be met with defenses, counterclaims, and countersuits attacking the validity and enforceability of our intellectual property rights, which may be successful. In addition, use of AI tools may result in the release of confidential or proprietary information which could limit our ability to protect, or prevent us from protecting, our intellectual property rights. We may be sued by third parties for infringement of their proprietary rights, which could have a materially adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations There is considerable intellectual property development activity in our industry. Third parties, including our competitors, may own or claim to own intellectual property relating to our products or services and may claim that we are infringing their intellectual property rights. Additionally, as we expand our use of AI, there is uncertainty regarding intellectual property ownership and license rights of AI algorithms and content generated by AI and we may become subject to similar claims of infringement. We may be found to be infringing upon third party intellectual property rights, even if we are unaware of their intellectual property rights. Any claims or litigation could cause us to incur significant expenses and, if successfully asserted against us or if we decide to settle, could require that we pay substantial damages or ongoing royalty payments, obtain licenses, modify applications, prevent us from offering our services, or require that we comply with other unfavorable terms. We may also be obligated to indemnify our clients, vendors or partners in connection with any such claim or litigation. Even if we were to prevail in such a dispute, any litigation could be costly and . SECURITY AND TECHNOLOGY RISKS Our businesses collect, host, store, transfer, process, disclose, use, secure, retain and dispose of personal and business information, and collect, hold and transmit client funds, and a security or privacy breach may damage or disrupt our businesses or operations, result in the disclosure of confidential information, damage our reputation, increase our costs, cause losses and materially adversely affect our results of operations In connection with our business, we collect, host, store, transfer, process, disclose, use, secure, retain and dispose of large amounts of personal and business information about our clients, employees of our clients, our vendors and our employees, contractors and temporary staff, including payroll information, health care information, personal and business financial data, social security 19 numbers and their foreign equivalents, bank account numbers, tax information and other personal and business information. We also collect significant amounts of funds from the accounts of our clients and transmit them to their employees, tax authorities and other payees. We are focused on safeguarding and protecting personal and business information and client funds, and we devote significant resources to maintain and regularly update our systems and processes. Nonetheless, the global environment continues to grow increasingly hostile as attacks on information technology systems continue to grow in frequency, complexity and sophistication (including due to the use of AI), and we are regularly targeted by unauthorized parties using malicious tactics, code and viruses. Certain of these malicious parties may be and/or supported by significant financial and technological resources. Although this is a global problem, it may affect our businesses more than other businesses because malevolent parties (which could include our personnel) may focus on the amount and type of personal and business information that our businesses collect, host, store, transfer, process, disclose, use, secure, retain and dispose of, and the client funds that we collect and transmit. We have programs and processes in place designed to prevent, detect and respond to data or cybersecurity incidents. However, as a result of the complexity of our operating environment, the period over which hardware and software has been acquired or other reasons, our programs and processes may not be sufficient or adequate or may fail to prevent, detect or respond to a cybersecurity incident or identify and/or remediate a security vulnerability in our operating environment. The techniques used to obtain unauthorized access, disable or degrade service, or sabotage systems change frequently, are increasingly more complex and sophisticated (including due to the use of AI). We may fail to anticipate or detect these techniques and/or incidents for long periods of time and, even when we do so, we may be unable or fail to implement adequate or timely preventive or responsive measures. Our ability to address data or cybersecurity incidents may also depend on the timing and nature of assistance that may be provided from relevant governmental or law enforcement agencies. Hardware, software, applications or services that we develop or procure from third parties, or are required by third parties such as foreign governments to install on our systems, may contain defects in design or manufacture or other problems that could (or, in respect of software, may be designed to) compromise the confidentiality, integrity or availability of data or our systems. Unauthorized parties have also attempted to gain (and in certain cases have gained), and will continue to attempt to gain, access to our systems or facilities, or those of third parties with whom we do business, through fraud, tricker

[truncated]