Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 28 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 43 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 44 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 83 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 83 Item 9B. Other Information 87 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 87 Part III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 88 Item 11. Executive Compensation 89 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 89 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 89 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 90 Part IV. Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 90 Signatures 95 2 Part I Item 1. Business CORPORATE BACKGROUND General In 1949, our founders established ADP with a simple, innovative idea: help clients focus on their business by solving their payroll challenges. In the more than 75 years since, we have shaped the world of work with innovation and expertise, transforming Human Capital Management (“HCM”) from an administrative challenge to a strategic business advantage. We continuously aim to solve complex business challenges for our clients and their workers, helping them work smarter today so they can have more success tomorrow. A lways D esigning for P eople means ADP focuses on people, leveraging our unparalleled data insights and innovative technology to elevate human potential. Today, we are a global leader in HR and payroll solutions, serving over 1.1 million clients and paying over 42 million workers in over 140 countries and territories. Our common stock is listed on the NASDAQ Global Select Market® under the symbol “ADP.” When we refer to “we,” “us,” “our,” “ADP,” or the “Company” in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we mean Automatic Data Processing, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries. 3 BUSINESS OVERVIEW ADP’s Mission Our mission is to help businesses make meaningful change in the world of work by providing insightful HCM solutions that meet the evolving needs of our clients and their workers. As new technologies and shifting workplace dynamics continuously reshape the way people work, we support every HCM need of our clients whether that client is a small, local business or a large, global enterprise operating around the world. From HR, payroll, time and benefits to HR outsourcing, talent, compliance and retirement, our solutions span the entire employee experience from hire to retire. Our leading technology and commitment to service excellence are at the core of our relationship with each one of our clients, which span over 140 countries and territories. We are always designing better ways to work through industry leading products, premium services and exceptional experiences that enable people to reach their full potential all around the world. ADP’s Strategy With a large and growing addressable market, we are focused on our core growth areas and further enhancing our market position by executing on our three strategic priorities: • Lead with HCM Technology. We design and develop HCM platforms that simplify work and utilize enabling technologies such as artificial intelligence (“AI”) and modern cloud architecture. We aim to solve the needs of our clients and their workers today by making HCM transactions compliant and effortless, while anticipating their needs of tomorrow by incorporating valuable data insights and guidance into our solutions to help them better understand their workforce and position them to make better decisions. • Provide Unmatched Expertise and Outsourcing Solutions. Our clients look to us as a source of expertise to understand key HR trends and best practices, employment and related legislation and regulations, and to offer thoughtful strategies to utilize HCM technology to achieve their business objectives and support their workforce. Many of our clients also ask us to take on responsibility for a portion or all of their HCM workflows via one of our Human Resources Outsourcing (“HRO”) solutions. We continue to build on our deep expertise and make it readily available to our clients through a variety of channels, ranging from traditional call and chat options to and options. We will continue to leverage our significant data insights and investments in AI and other technologies to further enable and effectively apply our decades of knowledge and experience to help our clients and their workers navigate the world of work. • Benefit our Clients with Our Global Scale. Our clients benefit from our unmatched global footprint and scale in the HCM industry. We will continue to build on these strengths to further improve our client experience, and to add to our global footprint to further meet our clients where they choose to do business and address their needs for a distributed and flexible workforce. We see meaningful opportunities to leverage our strength in global payroll and expand our HR and workforce management 4 solutions to support our global and multinational clients. We continue to build more relationships with partners, such as through the ADP Marketplace, in order to provide clients with seamless integrations and customizations that simplify their HR processes and best address their unique needs. And we intend to grow our sales organization and continue to invest in sales technology to not only optimize the purchase experience but to also empower our sellers to provide the deep expertise and insights our clients require to ensure they have the right HCM solutions to help them achieve their objectives and make a meaningful impact for their employees. Innovation at ADP Innovation is in our DNA. For over 75 years, we have proven that actively listening and responding to what clients and their employees need and want keeps the world of work progressing forward. As a founder in the industry, we pioneered HCM automation, HCM in the cloud, mobile HCM and a digital HCM marketplace, laying the groundwork and streamlining our infrastructure to innovate at a faster pace. This spirit of innovation remains a steady guide as we continue to listen and respond to emerging needs. As technologies like AI, machine learning (“ML”) and generative AI change how work happens, we remain focused on providing our clients and associates with HCM technology that is easy to use, powered with smart insights and personalized to support a experience. To bring these solutions to market, we pursue multiple paths to innovation. From leveraging our unique data to provide differentiated insights to collaborating with, or investing in, organizations with complementary products to purchasing solutions that add to our strong foundation, each of these paths helps ADP sustain a culture focused on continuous innovation. Strategically infusing AI The AI landscape is evolving quickly. As we move from early automation and predictive analytics to workflows, agentic AI is the future of innovation in the HCM space. Our AI strategy is to deliver AI agents for all major HCM roles that our clients have. Our clients have employees performing different roles such as payroll, HR, benefits, compensation, and recruiting. Our goal is to deliver AI agents that continue to automate tedious, time heavy tasks and deliver value to these individuals to do more strategic activities. Similarly, we intend to deliver AI agents to our internal associates such as sales, software engineering, testing, product management, service, and implementation. To advance these efforts, we continue to roll out ADP Assist, our solution powered by generative AI that transforms data into credible and actionable insights. ADP Assist offers smart, solutions through a conversational interface that touches every aspect of HR – payroll, time, talent, benefits, recruitment, analytics, reporting, and compliance. ADP Assist validates payroll information, checking for payroll anomalies and using generative AI to identify and help resolve missing tax registrations and answer questions by drawing on ADP’s large, dataset of compliance information. ADP Assist also uses generative AI to simplify report creation, helping HR practitioners and leaders access internal, national, and global workforce data to analyze compensation, turnover, candidate profile relevancy, and talent market insights. A 2024 AI Breakthrough Award winner, the solution was also recognized in Business Intelligence Group’s 2025 BIG Innovation Awards and 2025 Artificial Intelligence Excellence Awards for driving innovation and possibilities in AI. Along with transforming our solutions, we firmly believe AI and generative AI enhance our operations and enable us to elevate the client experience. To lean into our service expertise, we continue to extend generative AI capabilities to a broader portion of our service and implementation associates to deliver an even better client experience. We also continue to explore generative AI capabilities to further empower our sellers to be more productive. In addition, we extended AI tools to all of our product developers for coding, testing, and documentation. Data is our differentiator To harness the power of AI, data is critical – and it’s the foundation of the advantage we bring to our clients. Data is at the core of our products and solutions, informing and driving our approach to innovation and new technology. The global scale and scope of our client base provide us the industry’s largest and deepest HCM dataset with over 1.1 million clients spanning over 140 countries and territories and 42 million workers globally. Our broad and granular data set positions us well to deliver smarter and more tailored HCM agents that we believe will be truly differentiated in the market. Additionally, combining our vast client and service data with client outcomes gives us a deeper understanding of clients’ needs and goals. AI represents the next frontier, and our data set married to our distribution offers 5 ADP a distinct, competitive advantage. AI and ML drive many of the key features of ADP’s data products, including ADP DataCloud, our people analytics solution. ADP DataCloud analyzes aggregated, anonymized and timely HCM and compensation data from more than one million organizations across the U.S., powering solutions that provide clients with workforce and business insights that enable critical HR decisions. Analytics enhanced by ADP Assist leverages generative AI to deliver answers to analytics questions across key practice areas including benefits, HR, payroll, recruitment and time, helping to remove user friction. Scalable, Global HCM Offerings We also continue to advance our platforms, launching ADP Lyric HCM in September 2024. Building on our position as a leader in global pay, we designed Lyric to be as dynamic as the world of work. The unified, global HCM solution is designed for adaptability, providing our clients with the flexibility they need to address today’s and tomorrow’s workplace challenges, and to personalize the experience based on their needs. The solution was named “Data Solution of the Year for Human Resources” in the 2025 Data Breakthrough Awards. To expand our global offering and enhance our enterprise solution suite, in October 2024 ADP acquired WorkForce Software, a premier workforce management solutions provider that specializes in supporting large, global enterprises. WorkForce Software’s solutions can adapt to the dynamic needs of today’s employers, creating resiliency, driving performance and making managing a global workforce easy. This acquisition expands our current array of global time and attendance, absence management and scheduling tools and will drive workforce management innovation to help meet the future needs of businesses. In addition, ADP acquired Procesamiento Externo de Información, S.C. (PEI) in February 2025, a provider of local payroll, HCM expertise, and technology solutions for Mexican businesses, strengthening ADP’s capabilities in local and global payroll and HR. Sustaining a culture of responsible AI In harnessing the power of data through AI and ML, ADP recognizes the importance of accountability, transparency, privacy, explainability and governance, and in furtherance of those goals has established an active AI & Data Ethics Committee, comprised of both industry leaders and ADP experts, which advises on emerging industry trends and concerns and provides guidance with respect to compliance with the principles that ADP should follow while developing products, systems and applications that involve AI, ML and data. As we continue to explore the potential that new technologies like generative AI can provide, we understand the great responsibility we have to approach these innovations in a way that is ethical, secure, and compliant for our business and the clients and workers we serve around the world. This led to our establishment of an interdisciplinary working group across ADP to determine governance for use cases and adoption of a set of principles and processes to govern the use of these newer technologies, including operational monitoring of recommendations made by AI and ML technologies. Creating a customized HR ecosystem To meet clients’ shifting needs, we also collaborate with partners through solutions like ADP Marketplace, one of the largest e-commerce platforms for HR solutions in the industry. This innovative marketplace empowers our clients to connect and share data seamlessly across their HR systems, offering access to over 800 partner solutions - from recruiting and onboarding to compliance and learning management. With the introduction of AI technology, including our generative AI smart search tool, clients can quickly discover and evaluate partner solutions using natural language, enabling clients to tailor their HCM ecosystem with integrated solutions that best fit their unique needs. Additionally, ADP API Central offers secure APIs and tools and resources for custom integrations to simplify and automate business processes. This solution was named 6 “New Product of the Year” in Business Intelligence Group’s 2024 BIG Awards for Business. Accelerating innovation Reflecting our commitment to innovation, ADP’s corporate venture capital arm and innovation lab, ADP Ventures, is focused on enhancing and strengthening ADP’s core business, creating offerings in new adjacent segments and geographies, and developing new assets to monetize markets and segments beyond HCM. As part of its strategy, ADP Ventures invests in and partners with and scaling tech startups that advance ADP’s innovation strategy. Reportable Segments Our two reportable business segments are Employer Services and Professional Employer Organization (“PEO”), and are based on the way that management reviews the performance of, and makes decisions about, our businesses. For financial data by segment and by geographic area, see Note 15 to the “Consolidated Financial Statements” contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Employer Services . Our Employer Services segment serves clients ranging from small businesses to large enterprises with tens of thousands of employees around the world, offering a comprehensive range of HCM solutions, including our strategic, platforms, and HRO (other than PEO) solutions. These solutions address critical client needs and include: Payroll Services, Benefits Administration, Talent Management, HR Management, Workforce Management, Compliance Services, Insurance Services and Retirement Services. Professional Employer Organization . Our PEO business, called ADP TotalSource ® , is our PEO that offers expert guidance, technology, comprehensive employee benefits, and a risk management, safety, and workers’ compensation program as part of a arrangement in which employees who work for a client (referred to as “worksite employees”) are by us and the client. 7 PRODUCTS AND SOLUTIONS In order to serve the unique needs of our clients and their diverse types of businesses and workforce models, we provide a range of solutions that businesses of all types and sizes and across geographies can use to recruit, onboard, pay, manage, and retain their workforce. We address these broad market needs with our strategic platforms: RUN Powered by ADP ® , serving over 940,000 small businesses; ADP Workforce Now ® , serving over 90,000 and large businesses; and ADP Lyric HCM, serving large enterprise businesses. All of these solutions can be combined with ADP SmartCompliance ® to address the increasingly broad and complex needs of employers. Outside the United States, we address the needs of over 70,000 clients with premier global solutions consisting of solutions and multinational offerings, including Lyric, ADP Global Payroll and ADP iHCM. HCM Solutions Integrated HCM Solutions. Our premier suite of HCM products offers complete solutions that assist employers of all types and sizes in all stages of the employment cycle, from recruitment to retirement. Our suite of HCM solutions are powered by our strategic, , platforms, including: • RUN Powered by ADP is an platform designed specifically for small businesses to simplify payroll, HR, and compliance. It combines technology with 24/7 support from ADP’s team of payroll professionals. RUN also integrates with other ADP solutions, including workforce management, workers’ compensation, benefits, and retirement services. • ADP Workforce Now is a flexible HCM solution used across and large businesses in North America to manage their employees. More businesses use ADP Workforce Now in North America than any other HCM solution designed for both and large businesses. • ADP Lyric HCM is a global HCM for large enterprises, unifying HR management, payroll, workforce management, talent, and data analytics into a flexible, intelligent, and solution. Businesses using Lyric also benefit from comprehensive service support, with an emphasis on global compliance and expertise. Lyric is built for the way people actually work together, mirroring practically any structure of work groups, such as divisions, regions, or dynamic teams. Lyric integrates generative AI technology with ADP’s unmatched dataset, helping to support , drive efficiency and personalize employee experiences based on attributes of role, geographic location, typical behaviors, and anticipated need. Global Payroll . We pay over 26 million (approximately 1 out of every 6) workers in the United States. We offer flexible payroll services to employers of all sizes, including the preparation of employee paychecks, pay statements, supporting journals, summaries, and management reports. 8 We provide employers with a wide range of payroll options, including using mobile technology, connecting their major enterprise resource planning (“ERP”) applications with ADP’s payroll services or outsourcing their entire payroll process to us. Employers can choose a variety of payroll payment options including ADP’s electronic wage payment and, in the United States, payroll card solutions and digital accounts. On behalf of our clients in the United States, we prepare and file federal, state and local payroll tax returns, and quarterly and annual Social Security, Medicare, and federal, state and local income tax withholding reports. Benefits Administration. In the United States, we provide powerful and agile solutions for employee benefits administration. These options include health and welfare administration services, leave administration services, insurance carrier enrollment services, employee communication services, and dependent verification services. In addition, ADP benefits administration solutions offer employers a simple and flexible eligibility and enrollment system that provides their employees with tools, communications, and other resources they need to understand their benefits options and make informed choices. Talent Management. ADP’s Talent Management solutions simplify and improve the talent acquisition, management and activation process, from recruitment to ongoing employee engagement and development. Employers can outsource their internal recruitment function to ADP through ADP’s Recruitment Process Outsourcing services. Employers can also receive employer brand activation services, management of candidate advertising, talent community building services, and recruiter training services, as well as career search support and outplacement for reductions in force. Our solutions provide performance, learning, succession and compensation management tools that help employers align goals to outcomes, and enable managers to identify and mitigate potential retention risks. Our talent activation solutions include StandOut ® powered by ADP, which provides team leaders with data and insights to drive employee engagement and leadership development, which in turn help drive employee performance. Workforce Management. ADP’s Workforce Management offers a range of solutions to over 140,000 employers of all sizes, including time and attendance, absence management and scheduling tools. Time and attendance solutions include time capture via online timesheets, timeclocks with badge readers, biometrics and , telephone/interactive voice response, and mobile smartphones and tablets. These tools automate the calculation and reporting of hours worked, helping employers prepare payroll, control costs and overtime, and manage compliance with wage and hour regulations. Absence management tools include accrued time off, attendance policy and leave case management modules. Our employee scheduling tools simplify visibility, offer capabilities and can assist managers with optimizing schedules to boost productivity and minimize under- and . We also offer data analytics and reporting tools that provide clients with insights, benchmarks and performance metrics so they can better manage their workforce. In addition, modules are available for labor forecasting, budgeting, activity and task management, grant and project tracking, and tips management. Compliance Solutions. ADP’s Compliance Solutions provides expertise in payment compliance and tax matters that complement the payroll, HR and ERP systems of our clients. In our fiscal year ended June 30, 2025, in the United States, we processed and delivered more than 78 million employee tax statements and moved more than $3.3 trillion in client funds to our clients’ employees, tax authorities and other payees. Our offerings within Compliance Solutions include employment tax services, W-2 management, business tax credits, I-9 management, employment verification, wage garnishment and Wisely by ADP, our paycard solution. Human Resources Management. Commonly referred to as Human Resource Information Systems, ADP’s Human Resources Management Solutions provide employers with a single system of record to support the entry, validation, maintenance, and reporting of data required for effective HR management, including employee names, addresses, job types, salary grades, employment history, and educational background. Insurance Services. ADP’s Insurance Services business, in conjunction with our licensed insurance agency, Automatic Data Processing Insurance Agency, Inc., facilitates access in the United States to workers’ compensation and group health insurance for over 260,000 small and clients through a variety of insurance carriers. Our automated ® premium payment 9 program calculates and collects workers’ compensation premium payments each pay period, simplifying this task for employers. Retirement Services. ADP Retirement Services helps over 190,000 employers in the United States administer various types of retirement plans, such as traditional and Roth 401(k)s, profit sharing (including new comparability), SIMPLE and SEP IRAs, and executive deferred compensation plans. ADP Retirement Services offers a full service 401(k) plan program which provides recordkeeping and administrative services, combined with an investment platform offered through ADP , Inc. that gives our clients’ employees access to a wide range of investment options and online tools to monitor the performance of their investments. In addition, ADP Retirement Services offers investment management services to retirement plans through ADP Strategic Plan Services, LLC, an SEC registered investment adviser under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940. ADP Retirement Services also offers trustee services through ADP Retirement Trust Services, LLC, a New Hampshire affiliated trust company, as well as through a third party. HRO Solutions As a leader in the growing HR Outsourcing market, we partner with clients from small, and large enterprise organizations, offering a full range of premium services and seamless technology for HR, benefits, payroll, and talent management. We help organizations streamline processes, reduce the daily workload and reduce compliance risk while also gaining a partner to navigate HR challenges. Whether a client chooses our PEO or HRO/Managed Services, we offer solutions tailored to a client’s specific needs and provide expertise, guidance and tools, all personalized to meet their unique needs. ADP’s HR Outsourcing solutions serve over three million client employees. Professional Employer Organization. ADP TotalSource is enabled by ADP Workforce Now and offers small and businesses a comprehensive HR outsourcing solution through a model. With a PEO, both ADP and the client have a relationship with the client’s employees. We assume certain employer responsibilities such as payroll processing and tax filings, and the client maintains control of its business and all management responsibilities. ADP TotalSource clients are able to offer their employees services and benefits on par with those of much larger enterprises, without the need to staff a full HR department. With our HCM software at the core, we serve more than 18,000 clients and more than 750,000 worksite employees in all 50 U.S. states. ADP TotalSource is the largest PEO certified by the Internal Revenue Service as meeting the requirements to operate as a Certified Professional Employer Organization under the Internal Revenue Code. ADP TotalSource is also an Employer Services Assurance Corporation accredited PEO, which demonstrates that ADP meets the industry’s high standards and has the experience and financial stability to fulfill the needs of the businesses it serves. As a PEO, ADP TotalSource provides a broad range of HR administrative services, including payroll and payroll tax, employer compliance, HR guidance, employee benefits and benefit administration, talent strategies, and workers’ compensation insurance including risk and claims management. ADP Comprehensive Services. ADP Comprehensive Services combines personalized, support with our ADP Workforce Now platform to offer a suite of managed services solutions that are tailored to the specific needs of businesses of all sizes. Our committed team of professionals provides expertise, guidance, and tools across HR, talent management, payroll, and benefits administration through a combination of proven expertise, deep experience, and best practices. We take the time to understand our clients’ businesses to offer the right strategic support, enabling a flexible partnership that can cover one, some, or all areas of their HR and payroll processes. Our scalable solution is designed to act as an extension of our clients’ resources, providing outsourced execution that effectively combines expertise, processes and technology. ADP Comprehensive Outsourcing Services (ADP COS). ADP COS is designed for large enterprises to outsource their payroll. With ADP COS, the payroll process becomes our responsibility, freeing up clients to address critical issues like employee engagement and retention. The combination of technology, deep expertise and insights that ADP COS offers is powerful, allowing clients to focus on strategy and results. Global Solutions Our premier global solutions consist of and local solutions for employers of any type or size. We partner with clients to help them navigate the most complex HR and payroll scenarios using tailored and scalable technology supported by our deep compliance expertise. 10 ADP Global Payroll is a solution for multinational organizations of all sizes, empowering them to harmonize HCM strategies in over 140 countries and territories globally. This improves visibility, control and operational efficiency, giving organizations the insight and confidence to adapt to changing local needs, while helping to drive overall organizational agility and engagement. We also offer comprehensive, HCM solutions that combine innovative technology with deep local expertise. By operating a flexible service model, we help clients manage various combinations of payroll services, HR management, time and attendance management, talent management and benefits management, depending on the country in which the solution is provided. We pay over 16 million workers outside the United States with our and solutions, such as ADP iHCM and ADP Global Payroll. As part of our global payroll services, we supply regulatory and legislative tax statements and other forms to our clients’ employees. Our global talent management solutions elevate the employee experience, from recruitment to ongoing employee engagement and development. Our comprehensive HR solutions combined with our deep expertise make our clients’ global HR management strategies a reality. Our configurable, automated time and attendance tools help global clients understand the work being performed and the resources being used, and help ensure the right people are in the right place at the right time. MARKETS AND SALES Our HCM solutions are offered in over 140 countries and territories across North America, Latin America, Europe, Asia and Africa. The most material markets for HCM Solutions, Global Solutions and HRO Solutions (other than PEO) are the United States, Canada and Europe. In each market, we have both solutions and solutions, for employers of all sizes and complexities. The major components of our offerings throughout these geographies are payroll, HR outsourcing and workforce management. In addition, we offer wage and tax collection and/or remittance services in the United States, Canada, the United Kingdom, Australia, India, China, Hong Kong, Macau, Malaysia, and Taiwan. Our PEO business offers services exclusively in the United States. We market our solutions primarily through our direct sales force. We also market HCM Solutions, Global Solutions and HRO Solutions through indirect sales channels, such as marketing relationships with certified public accountants and banks, among others. None of our major business units has a single homogeneous client base or market. While concentrations of clients exist in specific industries, no one client, industry or industry group is material to our overall revenues. We are a leader in each of our major service offerings and do not believe any of our major services or business units is subject to unique market risk. COMPETITION The industries in which we operate are highly competitive. We know of no reliable statistics by which we can determine the number of our competitors, but we believe that we are one of the largest providers of HCM solutions in the world. HCM Solutions, Global Solutions and HRO Solutions (other than PEO) compete with other business outsourcing companies, companies providing ERP services, providers of HCM solutions and financial institutions. Our PEO business competes with other PEOs providing similar services, as well as business outsourcing companies, companies providing ERP services and providers of HCM solutions. We also face ongoing competition from companies’ functions, whereby companies install and operate their own HCM system. Competition for business outsourcing solutions is primarily based on product and service quality, reputation, ease of use and accessibility of technology, breadth of offerings, and price. We believe that we are competitive in each of these areas and that our technology (together with our data) and commitment to service excellence, distinguishes us from our competitors. INDUSTRY REGULATION Our business is subject to a wide range of complex U.S. and foreign laws and regulations. In addition, many of our solutions are designed to assist clients with their compliance with certain U.S. and foreign laws and regulations that apply to them. We have, and continue to enhance, compliance programs and policies to monitor and address the legal and regulatory requirements applicable to our operations and client solutions, including dedicated compliance personnel and training programs. 11 As a global leader in HR and payroll solutions, our systems contain a significant amount of data related to clients, employees of our clients, vendors and our employees. We are, therefore, subject to compliance obligations under federal, state and foreign privacy, data protection, AI and cybersecurity-related laws, including federal, state and foreign security breach notification laws with respect to both client employee data and our own employee data. The changing nature of these comprehensive laws in the United States, Europe and elsewhere, including the European Union’s (the “EU”) General Data Protection Regulation (the “GDPR”), the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020 (the “CPRA”), and the Department of Justice’s (the “DOJ”) Data Security Program established under Executive Order 14117, impact our processing of personal information of our employees and on behalf of our clients. The GDPR imposes strict and comprehensive requirements on us as both a data controller and a data processor. As part of our overall data protection compliance program, including with respect to data protection laws in the EU, we are one of the few companies in the world to have implemented Binding Corporate Rules (“BCRs”). Compliance with our BCRs permits us to process and transfer personal data across borders in accordance with the GDPR and other data protection laws in the EU. The CPRA requires companies to provide data disclosure, access, deletion and rights to consumers in California. The DOJ’s Data Security Program requires us to ensure that there is not access to sensitive personal data of U.S. persons by countries of concern in excess of certain thresholds. In the area of AI, some states and localities in the U.S., the EU and elsewhere have proposed or already enacted legislation that imposes obligations on how we develop and market products and solutions. Specifically, the EU Artificial Intelligence Act imposes requirements on providers of certain types of AI services. Additionally, frameworks like the National Institute of Standards and Technology AI Risk Management Framework are being promulgated and adherence to these may become an industry standard or client expectation. In the United States, the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 applies to our insurance services businesses and ADP TotalSource. As part of our payroll and payroll tax management services, we move client funds to our clients’ employees, tax authorities and other payees via electronic transfer, direct deposit, prepaid access and ADPCheck. In 2019, the Office of the Comptroller of Currency (the “OCC”) authorized us to open ADP Trust Company, National Association (the “ADP Trust Bank”), via a national trust bank charter pursuant to the National Bank Act. The ADP Trust Bank is the sole trustee of ADP Client Trust, our grantor trust which holds U.S. client funds, and is responsible for the oversight and management of those client funds. The ADP Trust Bank, and all of its fiduciary activities including the U.S. money movement it oversees and manages via ADP Client Trust, is subject to comprehensive ongoing oversight and regulation by the OCC. In addition, our U.S. money movement managed by the ADP Trust Bank and our U.S. prepaid access offering are subject to the laundering and reporting provisions of The Bank Secrecy Act of 1970, as amended by the USA PATRIOT Act of 2001 (the “BSA”). Our prepaid access offerings are subject to consumer protection laws and regulations, including the Electronic Funds Transfer Act and Regulation E issued by the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau as well as prohibitions on unfair, deceptive, or abusive acts or practices. Consumer protections for prepaid accounts under Regulation E include requirements related to fee and other disclosures, error resolution and investigation, and account access. Elements of our money movement activities outside of the United States are subject to licensing and similar laundering and reporting laws and requirements in certain countries in which we provide such services. In February 2024, ADP Canada Co. became a registered entity with the Financial Transactions and Reports Analysis Centre of Canada (“FINTRAC”), Canada’s laundering and financing supervisor, as a Money Service Business as a result of a change in policy guidance from FINTRAC related to the Canadian Proceeds of Crime (Money Laundering) and Terrorist Financing Act. In November 2024, ADP Canada Co. filed its application for registration with the Bank of Canada as a Payment Services Provider, as defined and required under the Retail Payment Activities Act. Our employee background screening services business offers background checking services that are subject to the Fair Credit Reporting Act. ADP TotalSource is subject to various state licensing requirements and, as a Certified PEO, maintains certifications with the Internal Revenue Service. Because ADP TotalSource is a with respect to its clients’ worksite employees, we may be subject to certain obligations, responsibilities and liabilities of an employer under federal and state tax, insurance and employment laws, including worksite employee payroll obligations and with respect to claimed employee retention and other tax credits. ADP Strategic Plan Services, LLC, our registered investment adviser, provides certain investment management and advisory services to retirement plan administrators under a heightened “fiduciary” standard and is regulated by the SEC and the U.S. Department of Labor. ADP , Inc., which supports our Retirement Services business, is a registered regulated by the SEC and the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority. ADP Retirement Trust Services, LLC supports our Retirement Services business as a New Hampshire trust company. ADP Retirement Trust Services, LLC is a trustee with responsibility for oversight of the retirement plan assets of our clients and regulated by the Department of Labor under the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, and is also subject to the oversight of the New Hampshire Banking Department. Our current and future offerings in the payments and/or consumer space may also subject us to additional laws and regulations, which could also require corresponding compliance programs and policies and dedicated resources. 12 In addition, many of our businesses offer solutions that assist our clients in complying with certain U.S. and foreign laws and regulations that apply to them. Although these laws and regulations apply to our clients and not to ADP, changes in such laws or regulations may affect our operations, products and services. For example, our payroll services are designed to facilitate compliance with state laws and regulations applicable to the payment of wages. In addition, our HCM solutions help clients manage their compliance with certain requirements of the Affordable Care Act in the United States. Similarly, our Tax Credit Services business, which helps clients in the United States realize tax credit opportunities in connection with the hiring of new employees and certain other activities, is based on federal, state or local tax laws and regulations allowing for tax credits, which are subject to renewal, amendment or rescission. We believe that key components of our compliance programs provide real competitive differentiators. For instance, our BCRs have enabled ADP to apply a global standard of data protection, simplifying data transfer processes and assisting our clients in meeting the demanding standards of data protection expected in Europe – a solution that most competitors cannot provide. Similarly, the ADP Client Trust and ADP Trust Bank provide client funds with a level of protection that most competitors cannot offer. The foregoing description does not include an exhaustive list of the laws and regulations governing or impacting our business. See the discussion contained in the “Risk Factors” section in Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for information regarding changes in laws and regulations that could have a materially adverse effect on our reputation, results of operations or financial condition or have other adverse consequences. CLIENTS AND CLIENT CONTRACTS We provide services to more than 1.1 million clients. In fiscal 2025, no single client or group of affiliated clients accounted for revenues in excess of 2% of our annual consolidated revenues. We are continuously in the process of performing implementation services for new clients. Depending on the service agreement and/or the size of the client, the installation or conversion period for new clients can vary from a short period of time for a small Employer Services client (as little as 24 hours) to a longer period for a large Employer Services client with multiple deliverables (generally six to nine months). In some cases, based on a client's timeline, the period may exceed two years for a large, ADP Global Payroll or ADP Lyric HCM client or other large, implementation. Although we monitor sales that have not yet been installed, we do not view this metric as material to an understanding of our overall business in light of the recurring nature of our business. This metric is not a reported number, but it is used by management as a planning tool to allocate resources needed to install services, and as a means of assessing our performance against the expectations of our clients. In addition, some of our products and services are sold under contracts with initial terms typically ranging from two to seven years. However, this anticipated future revenue under contract is not a significant portion of our expected future revenue, is not a meaningful indicator of our future performance and is not material to management's estimate of our future revenue. Our business is typically characterized by client relationships that result in recurring revenue. Our services are provided under written price quotations or service agreements having varying terms and conditions. No one price quotation or service agreement is material to us. Based on our retention levels in fiscal 2025, our client retention is estimated at approximately 13 years in Employer Services, and approximately 6 years in PEO. PRODUCT DEVELOPMENT We continually upgrade, enhance, and expand our solutions and services. In general, new solutions and services supplement rather than replace our existing solutions and services and, given our recurring revenue model, do not have a material and immediate effect on our revenues. We believe that our strategic solutions and services have significant remaining life cycles. RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT During the fiscal years ended June 30, 2025, 2024 and 2023, we invested approximately $1.388 billion, $1.276 billion, and $1.195 billion, respectively, in research and development. These investments include expenses for activities such as the development of new products, maintenance expenses associated with our existing technologies, investments in generative AI, purchases of 13 new software and software licenses, and additions to software resulting from business combinations. LICENSES We are the licensee under a number of agreements for computer programs and databases. Our business is not dependent upon a single license or group of licenses. licenses, patents, trademarks, and franchises are not material to our business as a whole. OUR PEOPLE AND CULTURE Our HCM strategy is simple: our people have differentiated us for over 75 years and we remain committed to valuing, developing and engaging them. Our Chief Human Resources Officer (“CHRO ” ), together with our Executive Leadership Team, manages our HCM strategy and related programs and initiatives, as well as our talent strategy. Our CHRO, along with our CEO, as appropriate, regularly updates and supports our Compensation and Management Development Committee of the Board (“CMDC”) as well as the Board of Directors on HCM matters. The CMDC is responsible for these matters, as well as our executive compensation program, plans, and our management succession planning and development program. Our Associates As of June 30, 2025 , our global team of associates consisted of approximately 67,000 persons. Our Culture and Values Over years ago, our founders established values that still guide us today. We seek to create a culture where every associate feels like they belong and can thrive. Our business success is closely linked to our commitment to creating an environment in which our associates can achieve their full potential, and to do so we listen to and engage our associates. We conduct an annual culture survey, myVoice, where our associates can share their perspectives on important topics, including client service, culture, social responsibility, ethics and compliance, innovation and leadership. Along with many of our clients, we leverage our innovative StandOut ® powered by ADP platform, to help managers drive talent engagement throughout the year. We issue quarterly global StandOut® Engagement Pulse® surveys to ensure that all associates can share with their leaders how they feel about their work and their colleagues, and for us to get a snapshot of engagement across the globe. Through our myMoment Recognition Program, we give our associates the opportunity to recognize and celebrate each other when they demonstrate our values, drive our goals and go above and beyond in contributing to our collective success. Our global ADP Cares program, which is funded by the ADP Foundation and our generous associates, helps members of our team get through difficult, unforeseen events such as natural disasters and major illnesses. We also proudly support our associates that give back to our communities through paid volunteer time off and our donation matching program. We value different perspectives and believe that our associates and their best ideas thrive in a diverse and inclusive environment. We have a number of initiatives to strengthen and further cultivate our culture. As an example, ADP’s Global IDEB Impact Council was created to align and amplify our inclusion efforts, providing us with an advantage to attract and retain associates and clients. The council, comprised of senior leaders across the enterprise, was designed to focus across four pillars, including Technology & Innovation, Culture & Belonging, Business Practices and Talent Practices. Our voluntary business resource groups, which cover a broad array of associates and are open to all that share common interests and experiences, make us stronger by promoting inclusion and cultural awareness, accelerating associate engagement, retention and career development, helping build relationships in our communities, and promoting the conservation and restoration of natural resources. At ADP, we are committed to upholding fair and equitable pay. Pay equity is critical to creating a culture that enables all associates to reach their full potential. We make pay decisions based on skills, experience, the market value of the job and performance. We have incorporated regular pay equity reviews into our compensation decisions. And, we do not ask candidates to provide their salary history in most of the countries where we operate. 14 Our commitment to building a better world of work and creating a workplace where everyone can thrive has led to recognition across the globe, including Fortune’s World’s Most Admired Companies (19 consecutive years); Forbes’ America’s Best Large Employers; Fortune’s America’s Most Innovative Companies; Fast Company’s Best Workplaces for Innovators; TIME’s World’s Best Companies; and Newsweek’s Most Trustworthy Companies in America. Our Talent Strategy Our talent strategy is simple – we aim to attract, develop and retain ambitious, passionate and overall top talent by offering a place where our associates can grow their careers, challenge themselves, share generously, take risks, and create positive change. This has allowed us to be recognized by esteemed organizations as an employer of choice year after year. We invest in our team members so that they have the skills necessary to succeed and grow their careers. The ADP talent journey begins with an innovative, engaging and comprehensive onboarding process followed by extensive training and mentorship. Thereafter, our associates can access a wide range of professional and functional skills training to further continue and enhance performance and career development. Our sales professionals are provided with training programs and tools throughout their careers, and we also provide our technologists with access to training and experiences in the latest technologies on the market. We know our people leaders have tremendous impact on our associates and clients, and so we invest in a leadership development strategy that uses innovative approaches to support new and experienced leaders with formal learning, tools to understand and engage their team, and in the moment support during moments that matter. Additionally, our succession planning process deploys leaders to new career experiences that help ensure we are developing executives that will deliver results now and in the future. Our Benefits and Health and Wellness Programs The wide range of benefits and health and wellness programs we offer contribute to an environment where all our associates add to our success. Our associates receive a competitive benefits package, intended to help them enjoy physical, emotional and financial and be productive members of their teams. While exact benefits vary by associate and region, they typically include health care coverage, a 401(k) plan with company matching contributions for U.S. associates, life insurance, paid time off and tuition reimbursement. We particularly emphasize benefits that support individual and family needs (parental leave, adoption/fertility benefits and caregiver support), and constantly update our programs according to our associates’ needs. We offer physical and mental wellness programs that help our team pursue a healthy lifestyle and reduce absenteeism and lost time due to injuries. Our efforts include a health and safety manual and website, safety education and training, and a wellness program that rewards associates for completing wellness activities. Physical and mental health initiatives vary across regions, but can include personal health checks, nutrition and fitness expert visits offering free consultation and programs, employee mental wellness assistance programs, free counseling and mental health therapy assistance for associates, and mindfulness classes. Available Information Our corporate website, www.adp.com , provides materials for investors and information about our solutions and services. ADP’s Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, all amendments to those reports, and the Proxy Statements for our Annual Meetings of Stockholders are made available, free of charge, on our corporate website as soon as reasonably practicable after such reports have been filed with or furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), and are also available on the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov . The content on any website referenced in this filing is not incorporated by reference into this filing unless expressly noted otherwise. 15 Item 1A. Risk Factors Our businesses routinely encounter and address risks, some of which may cause our future results to be different than we currently anticipate. The risk factors described below represent our current view of some of the most important risks facing our businesses and are important to understanding our business. The following information should be read in conjunction with Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk and the consolidated financial statements and related notes included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. This discussion includes a number of statements. You should refer to the description of the qualifications and limitations on statements in the first paragraph under Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. See "Item 1. Business—Competition" of this Form 10-K for a discussion of the competitive environment in the markets in which we operate. Many risks affect more than one category, and the risks are not in order of significance or probability of occurrence because they have been grouped by categories. The risks described below are not the only risks we face and the occurrence of any of the following risks or other risks not presently known to us or that we currently believe to be immaterial could have a materially adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition or reputation. LEGAL AND COMPLIANCE RISKS Failure to comply with, compliance with or changes in, laws and regulations applicable to our businesses could have a materially adverse effect on our reputation, results of operations or financial condition, or have other adverse consequences Our business is subject to a wide range of complex U.S. and foreign laws and regulations, including, but not limited to, the laws and regulations described in the “Industry Regulation” section in Part I, Item 1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Failure to comply with laws and regulations applicable to our operations or client solutions and services could cause us to incur substantial costs or could result in the suspension or revocation of licenses or registrations, the limitation, suspension or termination of services, the imposition of consent orders or civil and criminal penalties, including fines, and lawsuits, including class actions, that could damage our reputation and have a materially adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition. In addition, changes in laws or regulations, or changes in the interpretation of laws or regulations by a regulatory authority, may decrease our revenues and earnings and may require us to change the manner in which we conduct some aspects of our business. For example, a change in regulations either decreasing the amount of taxes to be withheld or allowing less time to remit taxes to government authorities would adversely impact average client balances and, thereby, adversely impact interest income from investing client funds before such funds are remitted to the applicable tax authorities. Changes in U.S. or foreign tax laws, regulations or rulings or the interpretation thereof could adversely affect our effective tax rate and our net income. In addition, changes in federal, state or local tax laws and regulations allowing for tax credits (including the of such laws) could adversely impact our Tax Credit Services business, which helps clients in the United States realize tax credit opportunities in connection with the hiring of new employees and certain other activities. Changes in laws or regulations could also cause us to modify our client funds investment strategy, which may reduce the interest income earned on such funds. Changes in laws, or interpretations thereof, that govern the arrangement between a professional employer organization and its worksite employees may require us to change the manner in which we conduct some aspects of our PEO business. In addition, changes in the manner in which health and welfare plans sponsored by PEOs or the TotalSource Health and Welfare Plan, in particular, are regulated could adversely impact the demand for our PEO offering. Because our PEO is a with our PEO clients and a Certified PEO by the Internal Revenue Service, we may be subject to certain obligations, responsibilities and liabilities of an employer with respect to Worksite Employees ( “ WSE”), including with respect to their wages and the payment thereof, tax credits for employers, the payment of certain taxes with respect to WSE wages and employee benefits provided to the WSEs. Even though PEO clients are contractually responsible for the timely remittance of such costs, it is possible that our clients will not remit such payments despite their contractual obligations. The risk of failing to receive such payments from PEO clients could be magnified during significant financial or other disruptions or catastrophic events, such as the failure of a bank with whom a significant number of PEO clients may bank at the time, or more widespread stress or failure within the U.S. banking system. Any such event could prevent or materially delay the recovery of any payments not timely remitted and could have an adverse impact on our financial results and liquidity. In addition, our payroll and tax processing services involve the collection and disbursement of a significant amount of funds to a large number of federal, state and local tax authorities. Our failure to properly or timely remit taxes on behalf of our clients could result in fines, penalties and interest for which we could be responsible, and could materially adversely affect our reputation, results of operations or financial condition. Our Wisely® offerings and potentially other future offerings in the payments and/or consumer space may subject us to additional laws and regulations, some of which may not be uniform and may require us to modify or restrict our offerings and decrease our potential revenue and earnings. 16 Failure to comply with laws and regulations, economic and trade sanctions, laundering laws and regulations, and similar laws could have a materially adverse effect on our reputation, results of operations or financial condition, or have other adverse consequences Regulators worldwide continue to exercise a high level of scrutiny with respect to , economic and trade sanctions, and laundering laws and regulations. Such scrutiny has resulted in aggressive investigations and enforcement of such laws and regulations, any of which could materially adversely impact our business. We operate our business around the world, including in numerous developing economies where companies and government officials are more likely to engage in business practices that are prohibited by domestic and foreign laws and regulations, including the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and the U.K. Bribery Act 2010. Such laws generally prohibit improper payments or offers of payments to foreign government officials and leaders of political parties and, in some cases, to other persons, for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. We are also subject to economic and trade sanctions programs, including those administered by the U.S. Treasury Department’s Office of Foreign Assets Control, which prohibit or restrict transactions or dealings with specified countries, their governments and, in certain circumstances, their nationals, and with individuals and entities that are specially designated, including narcotics traffickers and terrorists or terrorist organizations, among others. In addition, some of our businesses and entities in the U.S. and a number of other countries in which we operate are subject to laundering laws and regulations, including, for example, The Bank Secrecy Act of 1970, as amended by the USA PATRIOT Act of 2001 (the “BSA”). Among other things, the BSA requires certain financial institutions, including banks and money services businesses (such as national trust banks and providers of prepaid access like us), to develop and implement laundering programs, report large cash transactions and suspicious activity, and maintain transaction records. We have registered our prepaid card business as a provider of prepaid access, and registered ADP Trust Bank and ADP Retirement Trust Services with the Treasury Department’s Financial Crimes Enforcement Network. ADP Canada Co. is a registered entity with FINTRAC as a Money Service Business. In November 2024, ADP Canada Co. filed its application for registration with the Bank of Canada as a Payment Services Provider as defined and required under the Retail Payment Activities Act. We have implemented policies and procedures to monitor and address compliance with applicable , economic and trade sanctions and laundering laws and regulations, and we regularly review, upgrade and enhance our policies and procedures. However, there can be no assurance that our employees, consultants or agents will not take actions in violation of our policies for which we may be ultimately responsible, or that our policies and procedures will be adequate or will be determined to be adequate by regulators. Any violations of applicable , economic and trade sanctions or laundering laws or regulations could limit certain of our business activities until they are satisfactorily remediated and could result in civil and criminal penalties, including fines, which could damage our reputation and have a materially adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition. Further, bank regulators continue to impose additional and stricter requirements on banks to ensure they are meeting their BSA obligations, and banks are increasingly viewing money services businesses and senders to be higher risk customers for money laundering. As a result, our banking partners that assist in processing our money movement transactions may limit the scope of services they provide to us or may impose additional material requirements on us. These regulatory restrictions on banks and changes to banks’ internal policies and procedures may result in a decrease in the number of banks that may do business with us, may require us to materially change the manner in which we conduct some aspects of our business, may decrease our revenues and earnings and could have a materially adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition. Failure to comply with privacy, data protection, artificial intelligence and cyber security laws and regulations could have a materially adverse effect on our reputation, results of operations or financial condition, or have other adverse consequences The collection, storage, hosting, transfer, processing, disclosure, use, security and retention and destruction of personal information required to provide our services is subject to federal, state and foreign privacy, data protection and cyber security laws. These laws, which are not uniform, generally do one or more of the following: regulate the collection, storage, hosting, transfer (including in some cases, the transfer outside the country of collection), processing, disclosure, use, security and retention and destruction of personal information; require notice to individuals of privacy practices; give individuals certain access and correction rights with respect to their personal information; and regulate the use or disclosure of personal information for secondary purposes such as marketing. Under certain circumstances, some of these laws require us to provide notification to affected individuals, clients, data protection authorities and/or other regulators in the event of a data breach. In many cases, these laws apply not only to transactions, but also to transfers of information among the Company and its subsidiaries. The European Union (the “EU”) General Data Protection Regulation (the “GDPR”), and state consumer privacy laws like the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020 (the “CPRA”), are among the most comprehensive of these laws, and more and more jurisdictions are adopting similarly comprehensive laws that impose new data privacy protection requirements and restrictions. As part of our overall data protection compliance program in connection with the GDPR, we implemented Binding 17 Corporate Rules (“BCRs”) as both a data processor and data controller, which permits us to process and transfer personal data across borders in compliance with EU data protection laws. In addition, the Department of Justice implemented a Data Security Program under Executive Order 14117 restricting certain transfers of U.S. persons’ sensitive data to “countries of concern” and we have taken appropriate steps to comply. We believe that providing insights and content from data, including via AI and ML, will become increasingly important to the value that our solutions and services deliver to our clients. We are increasingly leveraging AI and ML in our solutions and service delivery and are exploring how best to integrate generative AI technologies and develop and deploy capabilities that are beneficial to our clients and their employees. However, legislation that governs the development and/or use of AI has been adopted or is under consideration in the U.S. at the state and local level, as well as abroad, most notably the European Union’s Artificial Intelligence Act. In addition , frameworks like the National Institute of Standards and Technology AI Risk Management Framework are being promulgated and adherence to these may become an industry standard or a client expectation. As a result, the ability to provide insights and otherwise leverage AI and ML may be constrained by current or future laws (including product liability regimes), regulatory or requirements or ethical considerations, including our own published, guiding ethical principles regarding AI and ML, that could restrict or impose burdensome and costly requirements on our ability to leverage data and/or these technologies in innovative ways. Our use of generative AI in our products and operations also introduces additional risks, including risks related to accuracy, bias, transparency, security, and privacy. For example, if the data used to train a model or the model’s output is inaccurate or biased, or alleged to be inaccurate or biased, we could be subject to reputational damage or litigation. Complying with privacy, data protection, AI and cyber security laws and requirements, including the enhanced obligations imposed by the GDPR, our BCRs, U.S. state privacy laws, including the CPRA, and the EU Artificial Intelligence Act, may result in significant costs to our business and require us to amend certain of our business practices. Further, enforcement actions and investigations by regulatory authorities related to data security incidents and privacy violations continue to increase. The future enactment of more restrictive laws, rules or regulations and/or future enforcement actions or investigations could have a materially adverse impact on us through increased costs or restrictions on our businesses and noncompliance could result in significant regulatory penalties and legal liability and damage our reputation. In addition, data security events, concerns about privacy abuses by other companies and increased awareness of the potential (positive and negative) of AI are changing client, consumer and social expectations for enhanced protections (including with respect to bias and potential discrimination). As a result, noncompliance, the failure to meet such expectations or the perception of noncompliance or such failure, whether or not valid, may damage our reputation. If we fail to protect our intellectual property rights, it could materially adversely affect our business and our brand Our ability to compete and our success depend, in part, upon our intellectual property. We rely on patent, copyright, trade secret and trademark laws, and confidentiality or license agreements with our employees, clients, vendors, partners and others to protect our intellectual property rights. We may need to devote significant resources, including cybersecurity resources, to monitoring our intellectual property rights. In addition, the steps we take to protect our intellectual property rights may be inadequate or ineffective, or may not provide us with a significant competitive advantage. Our intellectual property (including source code) could be wrongfully acquired as a result of a or other wrongful conduct by third parties or our personnel, or as a result of increased use of generative AI tools by us or our vendors. Litigation brought to protect and enforce our intellectual property rights could be costly and . Furthermore, our efforts to enforce our intellectual property rights may be met with defenses, counterclaims, and countersuits attacking the validity and enforceability of our intellectual property rights, which may be successful. In addition, use of AI tools may result in the release of confidential or proprietary information which could limit our ability to protect, or prevent us from protecting, our intellectual property rights. We may be sued by third parties for infringement of their proprietary rights, which could have a materially adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations There is considerable intellectual property development activity in our industry. Third parties, including our competitors, may own or claim to own intellectual property relating to our products or services and may claim that we are infringing their intellectual property rights. Additionally, as we expand our use of AI, there is uncertainty regarding intellectual property ownership and license rights of AI algorithms and content generated by AI and we may become subject to similar claims of infringement. We may be found to be infringing upon third party intellectual property rights, even if we are unaware of their intellectual property rights. Any claims or litigation could cause us to incur significant expenses and, if successfully asserted against us or if we decide to settle, could require that we pay substantial damages or ongoing royalty payments, obtain licenses, modify applications, prevent us from offering our services, or require that we comply with other unfavorable terms. We may also be obligated to indemnify our clients, vendors or partners in 18 connection with any such claim or litigation. Even if we were to prevail in such a dispute, any litigation could be costly and . SECURITY AND TECHNOLOGY RISKS Our businesses collect, host, store, transfer, process, disclose, use, secure, retain and dispose of personal and business information, and collect, hold and transmit client funds, and a security or privacy breach may damage or disrupt our businesses or operations, result in the disclosure of confidential information, damage our reputation, increase our costs, cause losses and materially adversely affect our results of operations In connection with our business, we collect, host, store, transfer, process, disclose, use, secure, retain and dispose of large amounts of personal and business information about our clients, employees of our clients, our vendors, our partners, and our employees, contractors and temporary staff, including payroll information, health care information, personal and business financial data, social security numbers and their foreign equivalents, bank account numbers, tax information and other personal and business information. We also collect significant amounts of funds from the accounts of our clients and transmit them to their employees, tax authorities and other payees. We are focused on safeguarding and protecting personal and business information and client funds, and we devote significant resources to maintain and regularly update our systems and processes. Nonetheless, the global environment continues to grow increasingly hostile as attacks on information technology systems continue to grow in frequency, complexity and sophistication (including due to the use of AI), and we are regularly targeted by unauthorized parties using malicious tactics, code and viruses. Certain of these unauthorized parties may be and/or supported by significant financial and technological resources. Although this is a global problem, it may affect our businesses more than other businesses because unauthorized parties (which could include our personnel) may focus on the amount and type of personal and business information that our businesses collect, host, store, transfer, process, disclose, use, secure, retain and dispose of, and the client funds that we collect and transmit. We have programs and processes in place designed to prevent, detect and respond to data or cybersecurity incidents. However, as a result of the complexity of our operating environment, the period over which hardware and software has been acquired or other reasons, our programs and processes may not be sufficient or adequate or may fail to prevent, detect or respond to a cybersecurity incident or identify and/or remediate a security vulnerability in our operating environment. The techniques used to obtain unauthorized access, disable or degrade service, or sabotage systems change frequently, are increasingly more complex and sophisticated (including due to the use of AI). In addition, new computing technologies, including quantum computing, new discoveries in the field of cryptography or other developments could result in a compromise or breach of the algorithms we or our authorized third parties use or have used to encrypt and protect data. We may fail to anticipate or detect these techniques and/or incidents for long periods of time and, even when we do so, we may be unable or fail to implement adequate or timely preventive or responsive measures. Our ability to address data or cybersecurity incidents may also depend on the timing and nature of assistance that may be provided from relevant governmental or law enforcement agencies. Hardware, software, applications or services that we develop or procure from authorized third parties, or are required by governmental or law enforcement agencies to install on our systems, may contain defects in design or manufacture or other problems that could (or in respect of third party software, may be designed to) compromise the confidentiality, integrity or availability of data or our systems. Unauthorized parties have also attempted to gain (and in certain cases have gained), and will continue to attempt to gain, access to our systems and facilities, and those of our authorized third parties, through fraud, trickery, and other methods of deceit, including using stolen identities to obtain employment with us or our authorized third parties as well as phishing and other social engineering techniques whereby attackers use behaviors to distribute computer viruses and malware into our systems, our authorized third parties’ systems or otherwise compromise the confidentiality, integrity or availability of data or our systems. As these threats continue to evolve and increase (including due to the use of AI), we continue to invest significant resources, and may be required to invest significant additional resources, to modify and enhance our cybersecurity controls and to investigate and remediate any security vulnerabilities. In addition, as we become increasingly interconnected with our authorized third parties, the security risk of our networks and the larger ecosystem in which we operate is heightened. While our operating environments are designed to safeguard and protect confidential personal and business information, we do not have the ability to monitor the systems, personnel or physical facilities of, or the implementation or effectiveness of any safeguards by, our clients or our authorized third parties and, in any event, unauthorized parties have circumvented in the past, and may in the future be able to circumvent, those security measures. Information or system access obtained by unauthorized parties (which could include our personnel) resulting from successful attacks against our clients or our authorized third parties may, in turn, be used to attack and compromise our information technology systems, or result in production downtimes and operational disruptions that could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition. Further, while we perform due diligence prior to acquisitions and take actions to safeguard the businesses that we acquire, these businesses may not have invested as significantly as we do in security and technology and may be more susceptible to 19 cybersecurity incidents, which may make us more vulnerable to cybersecurity incidents as well. We have been, and expect we will continue to be, the subject of cybersecurity attacks, including unauthorized intrusion, malicious software infiltration, network disruption, denial of service, corruption of data, ransomware attack, insider threats, and theft of sensitive information (including our intellectual property). Although none of the cybersecurity incidents that we have identified to date have materially affected us, including our business strategy, operations, results of operations, or financial condition, we continue to face significant known and unknown cybersecurity threats. In the future, a cybersecurity attack, unauthorized intrusion, malicious software infiltration, network disruption, denial of service, corruption of data, ransomware attack, theft of or other sensitive information, or similar act by an unauthorized party (which could include our personnel) with respect to our businesses or our authorized third parties’ businesses, or inadvertent acts or inactions by our authorized third parties or personnel, could result in the loss, disclosure or misuse of confidential personal or business information or our intellectual property or the theft of client or ADP funds, which could have a materially adverse effect on our business or results of operations or that of our clients, result in liability, litigation, regulatory investigations and sanctions or a loss of confidence in our ability to serve clients, or cause current or potential clients to choose another service provider. As the global environment continues to grow increasingly hostile, the security of our operating environment is ever more important to our clients and potential clients. As a result, the breach or perceived breach of our security systems or the security systems of our authorized third parties could result in a loss of confidence by our clients or potential clients and cause them to choose another service provider, which could have a materially adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. While ADP maintains insurance coverage that, subject to policy terms and conditions and a significant retention, is designed to address losses or claims that may arise in connection with certain aspects of data and cyber risks, such insurance coverage may be insufficient to cover all losses or all types of claims that may arise in the continually evolving area of data and cyber risk. Our systems, applications, solutions and services may be subject to disruptions that could have a materially adverse effect on our business, operations, financial condition, results of operations or reputation Many of our businesses are highly dependent on our ability to process, on a

[truncated]