BETA Close X Genus PLC announced a trading update for the year ended 30 June 2026, anticipating results moderately ahead of market consensus with an adjusted profit before tax of approximately £98 million, including a £5.6 million milestone payment from its Chinese partner, Beijing Capital Agribusiness. Strong second-half performance from PIC, driven by growth in Asia and Latin America, and double-digit profit growth from ABS, contributed to this positive outlook. The company also received approximately £111 million in net cash consideration from BCA for the Chinese porcine joint venture, significantly reducing year-end net leverage to around 0.4x and strengthening its balance sheet entering FY27. Disclaimer* Genus PLC 14 July 2026 14 July 2026 Genus plc ("Genus" or the "Group") FY26 Trading Update - Ahead of expectations Genus (LSE: GNS), a leading global animal genetics company, publishes the following unaudited trading update for the year ended 30 June 2026 ("FY26"). Trading in the second half was better than anticipated, with PIC delivering a strong performance as growth in Asia (including China) and Latin America more than offset weaker performance in North America due to customer disease challenges. ABS also achieved double-digit profit growth with continued benefits from the Value Acceleration Programme offsetting softer customer demand and adverse product mix driven by lower global dairy prices. As a result, the Group now anticipates FY26 results to be moderately ahead of market consensus 1 with adjusted profit before tax of approximately £98m in actual currency, including the final £5.6m milestone payment received earlier in the year from the Group's Chinese partner, Beijing Capital Agribusiness ("BCA"). Cash conversion in the second half was very strong, resulting in significant growth in FY26 free cash flow generation. In fiscal Q4, the Group also received approximately £111m of net cash consideration from BCA following successful formation of the Chinese porcine joint venture earlier in the year. As a result, year-end net leverage will be significantly reduced to approximately 0.4x. Genus is well placed as it enters FY27 with a substantially strengthened balance sheet and continued focus on delivering its strategic priorities. The Group will announce its FY26 preliminary results on 10 September 2026. For further information please contact: Genus plc Tel: +44 (0)125 634 5970 Jorgen Kokke, Chief Executive Officer Andy Russell, Chief Financial Officer Anand Date, Investor Relations & Sustainability Director Tavistock Tel: +44 (0)207 920 3150 Nick Dibden; Katie Hopkins; Saskia Zilkha About Genus Genus is a world-leading animal genetics company. Genus advances animal breeding and genetic improvement by applying biotechnology and sells added value products for livestock farming and food producers. Its technology is applicable across livestock species and is currently commercialised by Genus in the dairy, beef and pork food production sectors. Genus's worldwide sales are made in over seventy-five countries under the trademarks 'ABS' (dairy and beef cattle) and 'PIC' (pigs) and comprise semen, embryos and breeding animals with superior genetics to those animals currently in farms. Genus's customers' animals produce offspring with greater production efficiency, and quality, and use these to supply the global dairy and meat supply chains. The Group's competitive edge has been created from the ownership and control of proprietary lines of breeding animals, the biotechnology used to improve them and its global supply chain, technical service and sales and distribution network. The PRRS 2 Resistant Pig is a market leading innovation in gene editing which Genus is looking to commercialise in the porcine industry once further regulatory approvals are obtained. With headquarters in Basingstoke, United Kingdom, Genus companies operate in over twenty-five countries on six continents, with research laboratories located in Madison, Wisconsin, USA. Footnotes 1 The company compiled consensus range for Group FY26 adjusted profit before tax, inclusive of the BCA milestone, is £94.3m to £96.9m with an average midpoint of £95.5m. This is based on analysis of 10 analyst estimates 2 PRRS (Porcine Reproductive and Respiratory Syndrome) Resistant Pig ("PRP") This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Genus (GNS) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 18 hours ago Diageo 18 hours ago Diageo 19 hours ago TotalEnergies SE 19 hours ago PayPoint 19 hours ago Barclays All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and