Disclaimer* Genus PLC 09 October 2026 9 October 2026 Genus plc Annual Report and Annual General Meeting Genus plc (LSE: GNS) announces that the following documents have been sent to shareholders: the Company’s Annual Report 2026; the Notice of Annual General Meeting; and the Form of Proxy. The Annual Report 2026 and Notice of Annual General Meeting are available on the Company’s website at www.genusplc.com and these documents and the Form of Proxy have been submitted to the National Storage Mechanism and will shortly be available for inspection at: https://data.fca.org.uk/#/nsm/nationalstoragemechanism . The 2026 Annual General Meeting of the Company will be held at Peel Hunt LLP, 100 Liverpool Street, London, EC2M 2AT on Wednesday, 18 November 2026 at 11.00am. A summary of the proposed resolutions is set out in the Notice of Annual General Meeting. In accordance with DTR 6.3.5(1A) the regulated information required under DTR 6.3.5R is available in unedited full text within the Annual Report 2026 as uploaded to the National Storage Mechanism and the Company’s website. For further information please contact: Genus: Lucie Grant, Group General Counsel & Company Secretary Tel: +44 (0)1256 347100 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Genus (GNS) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 46 minutes ago DCC Energy PLC 1 hour ago On The Beach Group 2 hours ago Canal+ SA 3 hours ago Galliford Try 3 hours ago SSE All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Investor Meet Company Ltd Privacy and