BETA Close X Genus plc has announced changes to the shareholding of Jim Low, Chief Operating Officer of Genus ABS, due to his participation in the International Share Incentive Plan. On April 9, 2026, Mr. Low purchased 15 ordinary shares at a price of £25.54701 per share, costing a total of £383.21. Additionally, he was granted 5 ordinary shares at no cost. These transactions occurred on the London Stock Exchange's Main Market for the purchase and outside of a trading venue for the grant. Disclaimer* Genus PLC 13 April 2026 13 April 2026 Genus plc Director/PDMR Shareholding Genus plc (LSE: GNS) announces changes in the interest in ordinary shares of the Company of Jim Low, Chief Operating Officer, Genus ABS and member of the Genus Executive Leadership Team, as a result of his participation in the Company's International Share Incentive Plan (the 'International SIP'). Quarterly Purchases Date Share Price Shares Purchased 09/04/2026 £25.54701 15 Quarterly Matches Date Share Price Shares Granted 09/04/2026 £0.00 5 The below notification in Schedule 1 gives further detail of the number of ordinary shares purchased and ordinary shares granted, and includes disclosures made in accordance with Article 19 of the Market Abuse Regulation (EU) 596/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 . For further information please contact: Genus: Lucie Grant, Group General Counsel and Company Secretary Tel: +44 (0)1256 347100 Schedule 1 1. Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / person closely associated a. Name Jim Low 2. Reason for the notification a. Position/status Chief Operating Officer, Genus ABS b. Initial notification /Amendment Initial notification 3. Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a. Name Genus plc b. LEI 54930022EOITNKSIGH56 4. Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a. Description of the Financial instrument, type of instrument Identification code Ordinary shares of 10p each GB0002074580 b. Nature of the transaction Purchase of Genus plc Ordinary Shares of 10p each under the Company's International Share Incentive Plan. c. Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) 2,554.701p 15 d. Aggregated information · Aggregated volume · Price Average price(s) Total volume(s) 2,554.701p 15 e. Date of the transaction 2026-04-09 f. Place of the transaction London Stock Exchange, Main Market (XLON) 1. Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / person closely associated a. Name Jim Low 2. Reason for the notification a. Position/status Chief Operating Officer, Genus ABS b. Initial notification /Amendment Initial notification 3. Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a. Name Genus plc b. LEI 54930022EOITNKSIGH56 4. Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a. Description of the Financial instrument, type of instrument Identification code Ordinary shares of 10p each GB0002074580 b. Nature of the transaction Award of Genus plc Ordinary Shares of 10p each under the Company's International Share Incentive Plan. c. Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) 0p 5 d. Aggregated information · Aggregated volume · Price Average price(s) Total volume(s) 0p 5 e. Date of the transaction 2026-04-09 f. Place of the transaction Outside of a trading venue. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Genus (GNS) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 18 hours ago Diageo 19 hours ago Diageo 19 hours ago TotalEnergies SE 19 hours ago PayPoint 19 hours ago Barclays All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and