PRRS Resistant Pig – FDA Approval Genus PLC 30 April 2025 30 April 2025 Genus plc ("Genus" or the "Group") PRRS Resistant Pig - FDA Approval Genus (LSE: GNS), a leading global animal genetics company, announces the following update in relation to its innovative PRRS 1 Resistant Pig ("PRP") programme. Genus is pleased to announce that the U.S. Food and Drug Administration ("FDA") has approved the PRP gene edit for use in the U.S. food supply chain, in line with expectations. This landmark approval follows years of close collaboration with the FDA and is a significant step on the pathway to PRP commercialisation in the U.S.. Genus believes successful U.S. commercialisation also requires approvals in key U.S. export markets, being Mexico, Canada and Japan. The Group continues to make progress with regulators in these jurisdictions as well as with other international regulators, including China. Brazil, Colombia and, more recently, the Dominican Republic have already issued positive determinations for PRP, meaning those countries will regulate the PRP the same as any other pigs. PRRS is one of the most devastating global pig diseases and causes suffering and premature death for pigs. Recent research indicates that PRRS also increases the need for antibiotics by more than 200% 2 . "We have spent years conducting extensive research, validating our findings and working with the FDA to gain approval" said Matt Culbertson, Genus PIC's Chief Operating Officer. "Today marks a major milestone for the pork industry." "FDA approval is a fantastic achievement for Genus PIC and represents a major step towards U.S. commercialisation. We will now continue to pursue regulatory approvals in other international jurisdictions with a focus on key U.S. export markets" said Jorgen Kokke, Genus's Chief Executive Officer. For further information please contact: Genus plc Tel: +44 125 634 5970 Jorgen Kokke, Chief Executive Officer Alison Henriksen, Chief Financial Officer Anand Date, Investor Relations & Sustainability Director Burson Buchanan Tel: +44 207 466 5000 Charles Ryland; Toto Berger; Sophie Wills; Verity Parker About Genus Genus is a world-leading animal genetics company. Genus creates advances in animal breeding and genetic improvement by applying biotechnology and sells added value products for livestock farming and food producers. Its technology is applicable across livestock species and is currently commercialised by Genus in the dairy, beef and pork food production sectors. Genus's worldwide sales are made in over seventy-five countries under the trademarks 'ABS' (dairy and beef cattle) and 'PIC' (pigs) and comprise semen, embryos and breeding animals with superior genetics to those animals currently in farms. Genus's customers' animals produce offspring with greater production efficiency, and quality, and use these to supply the global dairy and meat supply chains. The Group's competitive edge has been created from the ownership and control of proprietary lines of breeding animals, the biotechnology used to improve them and its global supply chain, technical service and sales and distribution network. The PRP is a market leading innovation in gene editing, which Genus is looking to commercialise in the porcine industry once regulatory approval is gained. With headquarters in Basingstoke, United Kingdom, Genus companies operate in over twenty-five countries on six continents, with research laboratories located in Madison, Wisconsin, USA. 1 Porcine Reproductive and Respiratory Syndrome 2 Assessment of changes in antibiotic use in grow-finish pigs after the introduction of PRRSV in a naïve farrow-to-finish system (Machado et al, Iowa State University, 2023) This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Genus (GNS) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 18 hours ago Diageo 19 hours ago Diageo 19 hours ago TotalEnergies SE 19 hours ago PayPoint 19 hours ago Barclays All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and