BETA Close X Genus PLC has released its Annual Report for 2025, alongside the Notice of Annual General Meeting and Form of Proxy, to its shareholders. These documents are accessible on the company's website at www.genusplc.com and have also been submitted to the National Storage Mechanism for inspection at https://data.fca.org.uk/#/nsm/nationalstoragemechanism. The Annual General Meeting is scheduled for Wednesday, November 19, 2025, at 11:00 am at Buchanan Communications in London, with a summary of proposed resolutions available in the Notice of Annual General Meeting. The regulated information required under DTR 6.3.5R is available in full within the Annual Report 2025. Disclaimer* Genus PLC 10 October 2025 10 October 2025 Genus plc Annual Report and Annual General Meeting Genus plc (LSE: GNS) announces that the following documents have been sent to shareholders: · the Company's Annual Report 2025; · the Notice of Annual General Meeting; and · the Form of Proxy. The Annual Report 2025 and Notice of Annual General Meeting are available on the Company's website at www.genusplc.com and these documents and the Form of Proxy have been submitted to the National Storage Mechanism and will shortly be available for inspection at: https://data.fca.org.uk/#/nsm/nationalstoragemechanism . The 2025 Annual General Meeting of the Company will be held at Buchanan Communications, 107 Cheapside, London EC2V 6DN on Wednesday, 19 November 2025 at 11.00am. A summary of the proposed resolutions is set out in the Notice of Annual General Meeting. In accordance with DTR 6.3.5(1A) the regulated information required under DTR 6.3.5R is available in unedited full text within the Annual Report 2025 as uploaded to the National Storage Mechanism and the Company's website. For further information please contact: Genus: Lucie Grant, Group General Counsel & Company Secretary Tel: +44 (0)1256 347100 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Genus (GNS) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 18 hours ago Diageo 19 hours ago Diageo 19 hours ago TotalEnergies SE 19 hours ago PayPoint 19 hours ago Barclays All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and