FY25 Trading Update Genus PLC 15 July 2025 15 July 2025 Genus plc ("Genus" or the "Group") FY25 Trading Update Genus (LSE: GNS), a leading global animal genetics company, publishes the following unaudited trading update for its fiscal year ended 30 June 2025. Highlights include: · Strong underlying Group trading in-line with expectations · Double digit underlying growth in PIC adjusted operating profit, as expected; additional net £3.7m milestone receipt following FDA approval of PRP gene edit · ABS ahead of expectations in H2, VAP Phase 2 achieved £8.5m of in-year benefit · Excluding the PRP milestone receipt, FY25 adjusted PBT to be at least £68m in actual currency, in-line with expectations 1 · Including the PRP milestone receipt, FY25 adjusted PBT to be at least £72m in actual currency PIC's underlying trading was in-line with expectations in the second half with the Americas and Asia regions continuing to perform well. As announced on 30 April 2025, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration ("FDA") issued its landmark approval for the Group's PRRS 2 Resistant Pig ("PRP") gene edit to be used in the U.S. food supply chain. This approval triggered a net £3.7m receipt to Genus, comprising a $5.5m (£4.1m) milestone receipt from the Group's Chinese partner, Beijing Capital Agribusiness, as per the terms of the strategic porcine collaboration agreement signed in May 2019, as well as Genus making milestone payments of £0.4m to our research collaborators. ABS performed ahead of expectations in the second half, with Value Acceleration Programme ("VAP") initiatives continuing to be the primary driver of adjusted operating profit growth. VAP Phase 2 achieved £8.5m of in-year benefit and in total the annualised benefit of VAP Phase 1 and Phase 2 is projected to be over £21m, as expected. ABS has commenced Phase 3 initiatives to reshape its go-to-market channels and enhance commercial excellence to accelerate growth. As a result of good trading and the PRP milestone receipt, the Board now expects Group FY25 adjusted profit before tax to be at least £72m in actual currency 1,3 . Excluding the net £3.7m PRP milestone receipt, FY25 adjusted PBT is expected to be at least £68m in actual currency, in-line with expectations 1,3 . Group cash conversion in the second half continued to be very strong resulting in strong growth in free cash flow and a reduction in leverage to less than 1.6x at year-end. Genus will announce its FY25 preliminary results on 4 September 2025. For further information please contact: Genus plc Tel: +44 (0)1256 345 970 Jorgen Kokke, Chief Executive Officer Alison Henriksen, Chief Financial Officer Anand Date, Investor Relations Director Burson Buchanan Tel: +44 (0)207 466 5000 Charles Ryland; Toto Berger; Sophie Wills About Genus Genus is a world-leading animal genetics company. Genus creates advances to animal breeding and genetic improvement by applying biotechnology and sells added value products for livestock farming and food producers. Its technology is applicable across livestock species and is currently commercialised by Genus in the dairy, beef and pork food production sectors. Genus's worldwide sales are made in over seventy-five countries under the trademarks 'ABS' (dairy and beef cattle) and 'PIC' (pigs) and comprise semen, embryos and breeding animals with superior genetics to those animals currently in farms. Genus's customers' animals produce offspring with greater production efficiency, and quality, and use these to supply the global dairy and meat supply chains. The Group's competitive edge has been created from the ownership and control of proprietary lines of breeding animals, the biotechnology used to improve them and its global supply chain, technical service and sales and distribution network. The PRRS 1 Resistant Pig is a market leading innovation in gene editing, which Genus is looking to commercialise in the porcine industry once regulatory approval is gained. With headquarters in Basingstoke, United Kingdom, Genus companies operate in over twenty-five countries on six continents, with research laboratories located in Madison, Wisconsin, USA. 1 The company compiled consensus range for FY25 adjusted profit before tax in actual currency is £66.8m to £70.2m with an average of £67.9m. This is based upon 10 analyst estimates 2 Porcine Reproductive and Respiratory Syndrome 3 This includes a currency headwind of £8.4m for FY25, in-line with previous guidance This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Genus (GNS) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 18 hours ago Diageo 18 hours ago Diageo 19 hours ago TotalEnergies SE 19 hours ago PayPoint 19 hours ago Barclays All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and