Block Listing Six Monthly Return Genus PLC 01 August 2025 GENUS PLC BLOCK LISTING SIX MONTHLY RETURN Date: 1 August 2025 Name of applicant : Genus plc Name of scheme: Genus plc 2004 Executive Share Option Plan Period of return: From: 1 February 2025 To: 31 July 2025 Balance of unallotted securities under scheme(s) from previous return: 13,897 Plus: The amount by which the block scheme(s) has been increased since the date of the last return (if any increase has been applied for): 0 Less: Number of securities issued/allotted under scheme(s) during period (see UKLR 20.6.7G): 0 Equals: Balance under scheme(s) not yet issued/allotted at end of period: 13,897 Name of applicant : Genus plc Name of scheme: Genus plc Share Incentive Plan 2021 Period of return: From: 1 February 2025 To: 31 July 2025 Balance of unallotted securities under scheme(s) from previous return: 71,597 Plus: The amount by which the block scheme(s) has been increased since the date of the last return (if any increase has been applied for): 0 Less: Number of securities issued/allotted under scheme(s) during period (see UKLR 20.6.7G): 830 Equals: Balance under scheme(s) not yet issued/allotted at end of period: 70,767 Name of applicant : Genus plc Name of scheme: Genus plc International Share Incentive Plan Period of return: From: 1 February 2025 To: 31 July 2025 Balance of unallotted securities under scheme(s) from previous return: 80,000 Plus: The amount by which the block scheme(s) has been increased since the date of the last return (if any increase has been applied for): 0 Less: Number of securities issued/allotted under scheme(s) during period (see UKLR 20.6.7G): 329 Equals: Balance under scheme(s) not yet issued/allotted at end of period: 79,671 Name of contact: Vaughn Walton, Deputy Company Secretary Telephone number of contact: 01256 347100 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Genus (GNS) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 18 hours ago Diageo 19 hours ago Diageo 19 hours ago TotalEnergies SE 19 hours ago PayPoint 19 hours ago Barclays All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and