BETA Close X Genus PLC has reported a strong start to the financial year ending 31 October 2025, with the Board anticipating Group FY26 adjusted profit before tax to be modestly ahead of the midpoint of current market expectations, which average £80.5 million. PIC demonstrated robust growth across all regions, particularly in China, while ABS operating profit was slightly lower than anticipated due to phasing, with an expected improvement in the second half of the year. Disclaimer* Genus PLC 19 November 2025 19 November 2025 Genus plc ("Genus" or the "Group") AGM Trading Update - Strong start to the year Genus (LSE: GNS), a leading global animal genetics company, publishes the following unaudited trading update for the four months ending 31 October 2025 to coincide with its AGM at 11:00am GMT this morning. Genus has had a strong start to the year and the Board expects Group FY26 adjusted profit before tax to be modestly ahead of the midpoint of current market expectations 1 . PIC trading continued to be strong with every region achieving royalty revenue and adjusted operating profit growth 2 . PIC performed particularly well in China with strong royalty revenue growth being a key driver. ABS adjusted operating profit 2 has been slightly lower than expected due to phasing. Management expects a step up in performance in the second half. Value Acceleration Programme Phase 3 initiatives are progressing as planned. Genus will announce its interim results for the six month period from 1 July 2025 to 31 December 2025 on 26 February 2026. Jorgen Kokke, CEO of Genus, said : "Genus has made a strong start to the year with PIC continuing to demonstrate its robust growth model. ABS profit performance has been slightly lower than expected but we expect stronger performance in the second half. We look forward to the rest of the year with confidence." For further information please contact: Genus plc Tel: +44 (0)1256 345 970 Jorgen Kokke, Chief Executive Officer Andy Russell, Chief Financial Officer Anand Date, Investor Relations & Sustainability Director Burson Buchanan Tel: +44 (0)207 466 5000 Charles Ryland; Mark Court; Toto Berger; Jamie Hooper About Genus Genus is a world-leading animal genetics company. Genus creates advances to animal breeding and genetic improvement by applying biotechnology and sells added value products for livestock farming and food producers. Its technology is applicable across livestock species and is currently commercialised by Genus in the dairy, beef and pork food production sectors. Genus's worldwide sales are made in over seventy-five countries under the trademarks 'ABS' (dairy and beef cattle) and 'PIC' (pigs) and comprise semen, embryos and breeding animals with superior genetics to those animals currently in farms. Genus's customers' animals produce offspring with greater production efficiency, and quality, and use these to supply the global dairy and meat supply chains. The Group's competitive edge has been created from the ownership and control of proprietary lines of breeding animals, the biotechnology used to improve them and its global supply chain, technical service and sales and distribution network. The PRRS Resistant Pig is a market leading innovation in gene editing, which Genus is looking to commercialise in the porcine industry once regulatory approval is gained. With headquarters in Basingstoke, United Kingdom, Genus companies operate in over twenty-five countries on six continents, with research laboratories located in Madison, Wisconsin, USA. Footnotes 1 The Company compiled consensus estimate range for Group FY26 actual currency adjusted profit before tax is £77.6m to £85.0m with an average midpoint of £80.5m, and is based upon 8 analyst estimates. These forecasts exclude any impact from the Chinese porcine joint venture forma ti on announced on 4 September 2025. 2 In constant currency This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Genus (GNS) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 18 hours ago Diageo 18 hours ago Diageo 19 hours ago TotalEnergies SE 19 hours ago PayPoint 19 hours ago Barclays All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and