BETA Close X Genus PLC has announced a strong first half for fiscal year 2026, with expected adjusted profit before tax of approximately £50 million, exceeding expectations. Including a BCA milestone payment, this figure rises to approximately £55.6 million. The company anticipates full-year adjusted profit before tax, excluding the BCA payment, to be moderately above the top-end of current market expectations, which range from £82.7 million to £85.0 million. Regulatory approval for the Chinese porcine joint venture was received in December 2025, triggering a final $7.5 million (c. £5.6 million) milestone payment from BCA, expected in the fiscal third quarter. Disclaimer* Genus PLC 16 January 2026 16 January 2026 Genus plc ("Genus" or the "Group") Half Year Trading Update - Ahead of expectations Genus (LSE: GNS), a leading global animal genetics company, publishes the following unaudited trading update for the six months ended 31 December 2025 ("H1 FY26"). Genus performed strongly in H1 FY26 and the Board expects to report first half Group adjusted profit before tax (excluding the BCA milestone payment 1 referenced below) of approximately £50m in actual currency, which is ahead of our expectations. Including the BCA milestone payment, first half Group adjusted profit before tax is expected to be approximately £55.6m in actual currency. Following the Group's AGM trading update in November 2025, PIC trading continued to be strong and ABS traded as expected. The Board now expects Group FY26 adjusted profit before tax (excluding the BCA milestone payment 1 ) to be moderately above the top-end of current market expectations 2 . On 4 September 2025, Genus announced the accelerated formation of its porcine joint venture in China 3 . The Group is pleased to confirm that formation of the joint venture received regulatory approval from SASAC 4 in December 2025, which has also triggered the final $7.5m (c. £5.6m) milestone payment from BCA to Genus. Genus now expects formation of the Chinese porcine joint venture and receipt of the milestone cash payment in its fiscal third quarter. Genus will announce its interim results for the six month period from 1 July 2025 to 31 December 2025 on 26 February 2026. For further information please contact: Genus plc Tel: +44 (0)1256 345 970 Jorgen Kokke, Chief Executive Officer Andy Russell, Chief Financial Officer Anand Date, Investor Relations & Sustainability Director Burson Buchanan Tel: +44 (0)207 466 5000 Charles Ryland; Mark Court; Toto Berger; Jamie Hooper About Genus Genus is a world-leading animal genetics company. Genus creates advances to animal breeding and genetic improvement by applying biotechnology and sells added value products for livestock farming and food producers. Its technology is applicable across livestock species and is currently commercialised by Genus in the dairy, beef and pork food production sectors. Genus's worldwide sales are made in over seventy-five countries under the trademarks 'ABS' (dairy and beef cattle) and 'PIC' (pigs) and comprise semen, embryos and breeding animals with superior genetics to those animals currently in farms. Genus's customers' animals produce offspring with greater production efficiency, and quality, and use these to supply the global dairy and meat supply chains. The Group's competitive edge has been created from the ownership and control of proprietary lines of breeding animals, the biotechnology used to improve them and its global supply chain, technical service and sales and distribution network. The PRRS 5 Resistant Pig is a market leading innovation in gene editing which Genus is looking to commercialise in the porcine industry once further regulatory approvals are obtained. With headquarters in Basingstoke, United Kingdom, Genus companies operate in over twenty-five countries on six continents, with research laboratories located in Madison, Wisconsin, USA. Footnotes 1 Group adjusted profit before tax excludes the PRP-related milestone payment from BCA triggered by receipt of regulatory approval from SASAC 4 and the financial impact from the planned formation of the Group's porcine joint venture in China 2 The company compiled consensus estimate range for Group FY26 actual currency adjusted profit before tax is £82.7m to £85.0m with an average midpoint of £83.6m, and is based upon 9 analyst estimates 3 Accelerated Chinese porcine joint venture formation 4 China's State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission of the State Council ("SASAC") 5 PRRS (Porcine Reproductive and Respiratory Syndrome) Resistant Pig ("PRP") This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Genus (GNS) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 18 hours ago Diageo 18 hours ago Diageo 19 hours ago TotalEnergies SE 19 hours ago PayPoint 19 hours ago Barclays All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and