BETA Close X Genus plc has announced a share buy-back programme of up to £60 million, commencing immediately and expected to conclude in the second half of FY27, reflecting confidence in its financial position and growth prospects. The purchased shares will be cancelled to reduce capital. Purchases will be made under a non-discretionary agreement with J.P. Morgan Securities plc, operating under pre-set parameters and potentially continuing during closed periods, with all actions adhering to shareholder authority and regulatory requirements. Disclaimer* Genus PLC 10 September 2026 10 September 2026 Genus plc Share Buyback Programme Genus (LSE: GNS; the “Group” or the “Company”), a global leader in animal genetics, announces that it is commencing a share buy-back programme (the “Programme”) pursuant to which it may repurchase up to £60 million of its ordinary shares (the “Shares”). The Programme is consistent with the Group’s capital allocation framework and reflects confidence in the Group’s financial position, long-term growth prospects and sustainable cash generation. The Programme will commence immediately and is expected to conclude during the second half of FY27. The purpose of the Programme is to reduce the capital of an issuer. As such, Shares purchased by the Company will be cancelled. The Programme will be carried out pursuant to a non-discretionary agreement with J.P. Morgan Securities plc (JPMS plc), under which the Company has established certain pre-set parameters in accordance with which purchases may be made during the Programme. JPMS plc shall purchase Shares as riskless principal (and not as agent of the Company). In accordance with the terms of the Programme, purchases of Shares may continue during closed periods of the Company. During any such period, JPMS plc will make its trading decisions in relation to the Shares independently of, and uninfluenced by, the Company, subject to the agreed parameters of the Programme and applicable law and regulation. Any purchases of Shares by the Company will be carried out in accordance with (and subject to the limits prescribed by) the Company’s general authority to repurchase Shares granted by its shareholders from time to time, Chapter 9 of the Financial Conduct Authority’s UK Listing Rules and the Market Abuse Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 (as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018, as amended). The Programme will be discontinued in the event that the Company ceases to have the necessary general authority to repurchase Shares. For further information please contact: Genus plc Tel: +44 (0)125 634 5970 Jorgen Kokke, Chief Executive Officer Andy Russell, Chief Financial Officer Anand Date, Investor Relations & Sustainability Director Tavistock Tel: +44 (0)207 920 3150 Nick Dibden; Katie Hopkins; Saskia Zilkha About Genus Genus is a world-leading animal genetics company. Genus advances animal breeding and genetic improvement by applying biotechnology and sells added value products for livestock farming and food producers. Its technology is applicable across livestock species and is currently commercialised by Genus in the dairy, beef and pork food production sectors. Genus's worldwide sales are made in over seventy-five countries under the trademarks 'ABS' (dairy and beef cattle) and 'PIC' (pigs) and comprise semen, embryos and breeding animals with superior genetics to those animals currently in farms. Genus's customers' animals produce offspring with greater production efficiency, and quality, and use these to supply the global dairy and meat supply chains. The Group's competitive edge has been created from the ownership and control of proprietary lines of breeding animals, the biotechnology used to improve them and its global supply chain, technical service and sales and distribution network. The PRRS 1 Resistant Pig is a market leading innovation in gene editing which Genus is looking to commercialise in the porcine industry once further regulatory approvals are obtained. With headquarters in Basingstoke, United Kingdom, Genus companies operate in over twenty-five countries on six continents, with research laboratories located in Madison, Wisconsin, USA. Footnotes 1 PRRS (Porcine Reproductive and Respiratory Syndrome) Resistant Pig (“PRP”) This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Genus (GNS) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 18 hours ago Diageo 19 hours ago Diageo 19 hours ago TotalEnergies SE 19 hours ago PayPoint 19 hours ago Barclays All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and