BETA Close X Genus PLC announced an application for the admission of 500,000 new ordinary shares, each with a nominal value of 10p, to the Financial Conduct Authority and the London Stock Exchange. These shares will be allotted to the Company's Employee Benefit Trust to satisfy share awards under shareholder-approved share plans. Admission to the Official List and trading on the London Stock Exchange is expected to occur on September 12, 2025. These new shares will rank equally with the company's existing ordinary shares. Disclaimer* Genus PLC 08 September 2025 8 September 2025 Genus plc Application for Additional Listing Genus plc (LSE: GNS) today announces that an application has been made to the Financial Conduct Authority and the London Stock Exchange for the admission of 500,000 new ordinary shares of 10p each ('Ordinary Shares') in Genus, which will be allotted to the Company's Employee Benefit Trust to be used to satisfy share awards under Genus plc's shareholder-approved share plans. It is expected that the 500,000 Ordinary Shares will be admitted to the Official List and to trading on the London Stock Exchange on 12 September 2025. The shares will rank pari passu with the existing Ordinary Shares of the Company. For further information please contact: Genus: Vaughn Walton, Deputy Company Secretary Tel: +44 (0)1256 347100 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Genus (GNS) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 18 hours ago Diageo 19 hours ago Diageo 19 hours ago TotalEnergies SE 19 hours ago PayPoint 19 hours ago Barclays All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and