Inspiring innovation
in animal genetic
improvement

Genus ple / Annual Report 2020

Company No. 02412325

ua

COMPANIES HOUSE

> by partnering
with farmers
to transform
how we nourish
the world |

STRATEGIC REPORT | 1

STRATEGIC REPORT
02 2020Highlights
04 Genus ata Glance

GROWING OUR PRESENCE IN EUROPE 20 CONTENTS

EXPANDING PRODUCTION TO MEET

06 Chairman's Statement
CUSTOMER DEMAND 08 Chief Executive's Review
10 Business Model
° 12 Stakeholder Engagement
14 Market Overview

PROGRESSING THE DEVELOPMENT 16 Strategic Framework and
OF PRRSV-RESISTANT PIGS p Key Performance Indicators
°

18 Divisional Reviews

30 Financial Review

34 Peopie and Culture

38 Sustainability Report

43 Non-Financial Information Statement
and Section 172 Statement

44 Principal Risks and
Uncertainties

47 Going Concern and
Viability Statement

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
48 Chairman's Letter
50 Board of Directors

and Company Secretary
52 Genus Executive

Leadership Team
54 Corporate Governance Statement
54 The Board
56 The Board's Year in Review
60 Nomination Committee Report
65 Audit & Risk Committee Report
70 Directors’ Remuneration Report
93 Directors’ Report
94 Directors’ Responsibilities

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
95 Independent Auditor's Report
102 Group Income Statement
103 Group Statement of
Comprehensive Income
104 Group Statement of Changes
in Equity
105 Group Balance Sheet
106 Group Statement of
Cash Flows
107 Notes to the Group
Financial Statements
163 Parent Company
Balance Sheet
164 Parent Company Statement
‘of Changes in Equity
165 Notes to the Parent Company
Financial Statements

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
175 Five-Year Record -
Consolidated Results
176 Alternative Performance
- Measures Glossary
185. Glossary
IBC Advisers

2 Genus plc / Annual Report 2020

GROUP REVENUE

2020

mm" 591.4

2019: £488.5m_ 2018: £470.3m, 2017: £459.1m, 2016: £388.3m

ADJUSTED PROFIT BEFORE TAX’

£/1.0m

2019: £61.0m 2018: £58.5m 2017: £56.4m 2016: £49.7m

FREE CASH FLOW’

£35.2m

2019: £10.0m 2018: £24.3m 2017: £25.4m 2016: £15.7m
1 Adjusted results are the Alternative Performance

Measures (APMs') used by the Board to monitor
underlying performance at a Group and operating
segment level, which are applied consistently
throughout. These APMs should be considered
inaddition to, and not as a substitute for or as,
superior to statutory measures. For more
information on APMS, see the APM Glossary.

2 Constant currency percentage movements are
calculated by restating the results for the year
tended 30 June 2020 at the average exchange rates
applied to adjusted operating profit for the year
ended 30 June 2019,

STRATEGIC REPORT 3

STATUTORY PROFIT BEFORE TAX

£51.5m

2019: £9.9m. 2018: £7.8m 2017: £40.7m 2016: £60.9m_

ADJUSTED BASIC EARNINGS PER SHARE?

85.4p

2019:73.2p 2018: 75.9p —«-2017:69.4p —-2016: 60.7p
DIVIDEND PER SHARE
2019:27.7p -«-2018:26.0p- —2017:23.6p +2016: 21.4p

>

STRONG REVENUE GROWTH OF 13% IN ACTUAL

AND CONSTANT CURRENCY?

Excellent performance in PIC, our porcine genetics business,

with revenue up 17%’; royalty revenues grew 11%? with growth

in all regions

High breeding stock sales and royalties in China drove PIC volume
growth of 13%, 6% excluding China

Strong revenue growth in ABS, our bovine genetics business, of 9%,
driven by Sexcel®, our sexed product

ABS volume growth of 8%, with sexed volumes up 47% and
beefup 17%

VERY STRONG ADJUSTED PROFIT BEFORE TAX
(‘PBT’)}!, UP 22% IN CONSTANT CURRENCY (UP 16%
IN ACTUAL CURRENCY); STATUTORY PBT AT £51.5M

Adjusted operating profit including joint ventures and excluding
gene editing! up 1796?

Double digit adjusted operating profit growth' in PIC (up 25%)

and ABS (up 12%"); R&D investment increased 17%?

Statutory PBT includes a £15.8m uplift in net IAS 41 biological asset
valuation and £19.2m of exceptional costs, compared with a reduced
asset valuation and higher exceptional costs in the prior year
Foreign currency translation impact on adjusted PBT of £3.4m
primarily reflecting weakness in LATAM currencies

STRONG CASH GENERATION, EARNINGS
AND DIVIDENDS, AND NEW REVOLVING CREDIT
FACILITY (‘RCF’)

Strong free cash flow! of £35,2m, net debt! of £102.6m (inc £24.7m
IFRS 16 adoption), net debt to EBITDA! of 0.9x

New enlarged credit facility completed 24 August 2020; £150m
multicurrency RCF, a USD125m RCF and a USD20m bond and
guarantee facility for a three-year term with two one-year
extension options

Very strong financial position with high operating cash flows and
significant borrowings headroom enables flexibility to invest further
in growth

Statutory earnings per share increased to 62.4p from 12.4pin

the prior period; adjusted earnings per share’ up 23% in constant
currency (up 17% in actual currency); dividend up 5% with 2.9x
adjusted earnings cover’

GOOD STRATEGIC PROGRESS DESPITE COVID-19

During the COVID-19 pandemic Genus has been committed to

the health and safety of its people, customers and communities
throughout its global markets

More than doubled size of PIC China’s supply chain to capture
opportunity of re-stocking post African Swine Fever (‘ASF’)

PIC’s collaboration with Beijing Capital Agribusiness Co. Ltd (‘BCA’)
is progressing well with receipt of the first milestone payment of
USD7m (net income £3.2m) received in January 2020

Expanded sexed product capacity including new sites, and driving
performance through continued technology improvements
Completed a two year trial of NuEra®, our beef-on-dairy genetics
demonstrating a material value proposition for the beef industry
Continued progress as planned with the Porcine Reproductive
Respiratory Syndrome virus (‘PRRSv’) development programme,
first Food and Drug Administration (‘FDA’) filing completed

Market leading genetic portfolio across the Group enabling broad
based market share gains

4 Genus plc / Annual Report 2020

GENUS AT A GLANCE

Producing genetically
superior breeding animals

What we do

Genus is a world-leading
animal genetics company.

We partner with farmers to transform how
we nourish the world ~ a mission that is
important to a sustainable future.

We do this by breeding better pigs and
cattle, so farmers can produce high-quality
meat and milk more efficiently and
sustainably. We accurately select animals
with desirable characteristics and use
them to breed subsequent generations.

Examples of desirable characteristics include
feed efficiency, disease resistance, growth
rate, protein and fat content, and fertility.

How we do it

We analyse animals’ DNA
and look for markers that we
know are linked to desirable
characteristics, which help
farmers to raise healthier and
more productive animals.

We then select animals with the strongest
genetic profile from our proprietary and
partner herds and breed them to produce
even better offspring, in a continuous
cycle. We distribute these genetically
superior animals to our customers in

the form of breeding animals, semen

cor embryos.

We also own technology that enables us
to screen and process semen for desirable
traits, such as female gender for the dairy
market, and license-in technology to make
precise, desirable gene edits to animals’
DNA, which we are employing in our
product development programmes.

Our focus is on progressive, sustainable
farmers, who are best placed to realise
the benefit that superior genetics and
technologies can have.

See p.38

£298.8m
£23 1.6m

INVESTING TO STRENGTHEN OUR POSITION

£119m

in FY20

£124.3m
£32.5m

1 Revenue and Adjusted Operating Profitincluding Joint Ventures exclude RAD revenues and costs
2 For more information on APMS See Glossary.

2 Includes inteliGen capitalised development expenses.

4 Includes biological asset cash movernents and finance lease payments.

Serving pork, dairy and beef farmers globally

STRATEGIC REPORT

Genus’s leading porcine and bovine animal breeding divisions, PIC and ABS,

deliver leading genetics to tens of thousands of farmers globally.

1

2

Including through
franchises, distributors
and joint ventures,

MPES referstomarket
pigequivalents, a
standardised measure
of ourcustomers’
production of slaughter
animals that contain

‘our genetics.

Including through
disteibutors.

Dairy, Beef and sorted
Units of semen and
embryos delivered or
produced for customers.

PORK
PIC, our global porcine genetics business, sells
genetically superior sows, boars and semen to
farmers, so they can breed pigs with desirable
characteristics for pork production. We also
provide technical services and advice to farmers,
to maximise the performance of our breeding
animals in their farms.

PIC owns over 10 elite pure-bred pig lines,
housed in strategically located facilities around the
world. These herds are bred out into much larger
breeding herds in over 500 predominantly
sub-contracted ‘multiplication’ farms around

the world. PIC boars are also housed in about 400
boar studs globally, where semen is collected for
distribution to customers and multiplication herds.
PIC genetics are sold under the PIC brand through
direct sales channels and strategic partners.

D Seep.is

40:

Countries with sales presence!

171m

MPEs*

2,500:

Customers

DAIRY AND BEEF

ABS, our global bovine genetics business, sells bull
semen and embryos so farmers can use artificial
insemination to breed calves with desirable
characteristics for milk and beef production. ABS's
highest-quality semen is often sold in sexed form,
which greatly increases the probability of a female
calf. ABS also provides technical services to
farmers, to maximise the performance of their
animals bred with our genetics.

ABS breeds genetically elite bulls in the US, Europe
and Latin America. The best bulls come to one of
ABS's six production studs, where their semen is
collected for distribution as a frozen ‘straw’ of
semen or used to create embryos for sale.

ABS genetics are sold through direct sales
channels and strategic partners under the ABS

brand. In the UK and France, they are sold under
long-established Genus and Bovec brands.

CO) Seep.22

15+

Countries with sales presence”

21m

Cattle inseminations and embryo transfers‘

50,000:

Customers

6 Genus plc / Annual Report 2020

CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT

A business in
excellent shape

Bob Lawson

1am pleased to be
handing over to my
successor with the
Group in excellent
shape.

This is my final report to you as Chairman

of Genus, as | will be retiring from the Board
at the conclusion of the Company’s Annual
General Meeting in November. | have been
proud to play a part in the transformation
of this outstanding business and to see first-
hand its evolution into the world leading
animal genetics company thatitis today.

The need Genus meets is fundamentally the
same as when | joined the Board in 2010: our
genetics help farmers to produce animal protein
more efficiently and sustainably and in doing
so, we help to nourish the world, The successful
execution of our strategy, including significant
investment in ground-breaking research and
innovative technologies over many years, means
that our portfolio of genetic products and
services has never been in better shape. This

is allowing us to support progressive livestock
farmers more effectively than ever before. We
have also successfully adjusted our business
model over time, to enable Genus to share

in the value we create for our customers.

Reflecting over the last ten years, | have

been pleased to observe the evolution of

the Company and highlight three areas.

The first is the culture which has transitioned
from operating in silos focused on species
and/or country to a unified, cooperative and
universal approach focused on providing

an unequalled service to customers.

The second has been the transformation

and effectiveness of R&D. It now operates

at the forefront of our chosen areas and the
combination of our relationships with leading
universities and our much enhanced in-house
expertise will deliver sustainable benefits that
will continue to secure our global leadership.
The third and final observation is again
associated with culture. Genus has transitioned
from a UK centric view of the world to a true
global business with significant activities in the
important major and emerging economies of the
world, As you will note on page 50 the leadership
team is not only cohesive but now embraces
multiple nationalities and backgrounds.

All of these factors have contributed to this
year’s strong financial performance, despite
volatile markets caused by African Swine Fever
and COVID-19. Demand from China meant

that PIC had an excellent year and was the
primary driver of our growth, ABS performed
well, maintaining its growth trend, with strong
demand for sexed genetics and higher beef
volumes. Overall, the Group's adjusted profit
before tax increased by 16% in constant
currency (13% in actual currency) and reached
a new record of £71.0m, Statutory PBT was
£51.5m (2019: £9.9m). While COVID-19 presented
‘some operational challenges to us in the second
half of FY20, we have responded well and the
business has continued to operate safely.

1am therefore pleased to be handing over to
my successor, lain Ferguson, with the Group in
excellent shape. lain joined us on 1 July 2020

as a Non-Executive Director and Chairman
Designate. His substantial Board experience, as
well as his commercial, science and agribusiness
expertise, make him the ideal person to
maintain the growth momentum the business
has generated and to lead the Board through

the next chapter of Genus's development.

lain will be ably supported by our executive
team. As | noted in my report to you last year,
Stephen Wilson became Chief Executive in
September 2019 and we continue to benefit
from his deep knowledge of the business
and its strategy, built up during more than
six years as Group Finance Director. Alison
Henriksen joined the Board in January
2020 to take up Stephen's former role.

Her commercial and financial expertise is
already proving invaluable to the Group.

The Board plays a key role in challenging and
approving the Group's strategy and overseeing,
its implementation. During the year, we

once again held our annual strategy session,
focusing on the strategic direction and goals
for the Group and its business units (see page
‘56 for more information). The Board also

pays careful attention to the Group's culture
and the employee Your Voice survey results,
since we know that itis the employees that

are at the heart of the Company's successes
(see page 36). Genus has a long-standing

set of values and! am pleased that our

people continue to live by them each day.

Genus now employs over 3,100 people
worldwide, each of whom has played their
part in our performance this year. On behalf
of the Board, | want to thank them for their
commitment and dedication to serving our
customers, and to wish them all every success
on the next stage of the Group's journey.

The Group continues to invest for the future,
in particular in our leading genetics and our
R&D platform innovations. At the same time,
we recognise the needs of our shareholders,
and having paid an interim dividend of 9.4p
per share, an increase of 6% over the prior
year, the Board is now recommending a
final dividend of 19.7p per share. This will
give a total dividend of 29.19, up 5% from
the 27.7p paid in respect of FY19. The final
dividend will be paid on 11 December

2020, to shareholders on the register at the
close of business on 20 November 2020,

While the Group has been able to successfully
adapt to COVID-19, the full impact of the
pandemic on our customers and end consumers
isnotyet clear. Even so, | am confident that
Genus has transformed into an agile and
responsive business that will adapt and prosper
in years to come. It has been a privilege to

lead the Board and to work with the Genus
team for over a decade. The quality of the
people, genetics, technology, services and

R&D innovation pipeline position the Company
for future success. | leave Genus with a degree
of personal sadness but with the knowledge
that | have been extremely fortunate to have
been part of a great organisation which

has an exciting future. That future will be
delivered by an exceptional Board under lain's
leadership and a magnificent global team.

Bob Lawson
Chair of the Board
7 September 2020

STRATEGIC REPORT

7

8 Genus pic / Annuat Report 2020

CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S REVIEW

A successful strategy
and consistent vision

Stephen Wilson This is my first report to you as the Chief

Executive of Genus, having taken up the
position in September 2019, after more

than six years as Group Finance Director,
and itis a true privilege to lead this
Company. Genus provides a vital service to
an essential industry and in doing so plays

a key role in helping to nourish the world.
We have a fantastic team of talented, expert

Performance in the year and passionate people and our portfolio
was strong, with record of elite anieal genetics is the strongest
adjusted profit before
tax.

Our current position reflects the success of

‘our ongoing strategy over recent years , which
is to increase genetic control and product
differentiation, deliver value in key markets and
segments, and share in the value delivered, Our
consistent vision of ‘Pioneering animal genetic
improvement to help nourish the world’ and our
strong core values drive all that we do. At the
same time, we must continue to adapt toa
changing world, so we are placing even greater
emphasis on environmental sustainability, both
in the way we run the business and in the
benefits our genetics deliver in enabling more
sustainable production of high-quality animal
protein. Innovation is another important area
of focus. Genus has always been an innovative
company but the biological sciences move
quickly and we need to ensure we remain at the
forefront of applying new ideas in our industry
to the benefit of our customers.

The Group showed its resilience following
the outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic. This
disrupted protein supply chains and some of our
customers experienced unprecedented market
price and demand volatility.

am proud of the way our people responded

to the many challenges and we have been able
to keep operating essentially uninterrupted
throughout the crisis, while continually focusing
on protecting the health of our employees and
other stakeholders.

GROUP PERFORMANCE

Performance in the year was strong, with
revenue increasing by 139%, and adjusted
profit before tax growing 16% (22% in
constant currency), toa record £71.0m

Genus PIC was the major contributor to that
growth, as it benefited as expected from strong
demand in China as large producers expanded
tofill the supply shortfall caused by African
‘Swine Fever in 2019. Europe and Latin America
also contributed strong growth, resulting in
PIC’s adjusted operating profit including joint
ventures being 25% higher in constant currency.
Strategically important porcine royalty revenue
was up 11% in constant currency, with growth in
all regions, contributing to total porcine revenue
increasing by 17% in constant currency.

Genus ABS achieved volume growth of 8% and
adjusted operating profit growth of 12% in
constant currency. This was driven mainly by the
growth in sexed product, with sexed volumes up
47%, and continued growth in the use of beef
genetics in dairy herds, with global beef volumes
up 179. ABS benefited from our investment in
sales capability and the shift to long-term
partnership accounts, particularly in the US.
Performance was also particularly strong in
Brazil, Russia, India and China

R&Dis the lifeblood of our business and we
increased net investment by 19% (17% in
constant currency) as planned, largely driven
by increased investment in porcine product
development as we look to further strengthen
our proprietary genetics and build capacity for
future growth. We will continue to increase
investment in gene editing and intelliGen®
production capacity, as well as further
developing our R&O pipeline.

CONTINUED STRATEGIC PROGRESS
Our strategic investments in our proprietary
pork, dairy and beef breeding programmes and
‘our leading sexing technology continue to reap
rewards and we advanced our strategy on a
number of fronts during the year. Our PRRSV
resistance programme made progress as
planned and we received our first milestone
payment from BCA, our collaboration partner
‘on PRRSv in China. Also in China, we were able to
more than double PIC’s supply chain capacity,
primarily by using our customers’ systems

and joint ventures to multiply our genetics,
positioning Genus to provide elite genetics to
more large commercial farms in the country.
Meanwhile, our porcine R&D is delivering
historically high rates of genetic improvement,
supporting business growth and market

share gains.

In ABS, we opened further production capacity
in Wisconsin to support the ongoing growth in
sexed semen volumes, which continue to
outperform. in addition, we opened further new
state of the art barns to house our elite genetics.
Our bovine product development is expanding

its industry leading position in Holstein dairy
genetics and we used a two year long product
trial through the commercial beef supply chain
to validate the superior growth, feed efficiency
and yields provided by our beef genetics
programme. The results of this trial showed the
significant benefits of our genetics.

The implementation of Genus One, our new
enterprise system, is progressing well. We

achieved our first major ‘go live’ in PIC North
America and are well progressed on roll outs

19.7p

Final dividend per share

29.1

Total dividend for the year per share

5%

Total dividend increase

INSPIRING INNOVATION

FORA MORE SUSTAINABLE WORLD

Our consistent vision of ‘Pioneering animal
genetic improvement to help nourish the
world’ and our strong core values drive all
that we do, At the same time, we must
continue to adapt to a changing world, so we
are placing even greater emphasis on
environmental sustainability, both in the way
we run the business and in the benefits our
genetics deliver in enabling more sustainable
production of high-quality animal protein.

Driving genetic improvement p.38

Reducing our carbon footprint p.41

Energy efficiency p.42

STRATEGIC REPORT 9

to further business areas over the coming year.
Ultimately when fully implemented we will reap
benefits through leveraging one global system
in our operations.

PEOPLE

As announced on 29 June 2020, Bob Lawson

will be standing down as Chairman at the AGM

in November 2020. On behalf of the Board and
all of my Genus colleagues, | want to thank him
warmly for his wise counsel and great leadership
uring his ten years on the Board. He has played
an integral role in Genus's transformation into
the world-leading company itis today. | also
want to welcome lain Ferguson, who joined the
Board in July 2020 and will become Chairman
after the AGM. We are already benefiting from his
very relevant experience and counsel.

The other change to the Board of Directors

and membership of GELT during the year was
the appointment of Alison Henriksen as Chief
Financial Officer. Alison joined us in January
2020 and her commercial and financial expertise
is already proving highly valuable to us. | also
want to thank Janet Duane, our Financial
Controller, who very ably stepped up to be
acting CFO in the period before Alison joined us.
As previously reported, Dr Elena Rice joined us
as Chief Scientific Officer and Head of Research
and Development in July 2019.

Genus employs more than 3,100 people around
the world. | want to thank them all for their
contribution to our success this year, particularly
0 in the environment resulting from COVID-19.
We are fortunate that our people could continue
to carry out their roles during the pandemic and
no government aid for wages was sought. While
‘our business is animal genetic improvement,
we only succeed because of the talents and
dedication of our people. The global Your Voice
survey we conducted in November showed that
‘employee engagement remains high and we
continue to nurture our positive and inclusive
culture and to attract new talent to support our
strategic objectives.

OUTLOOK

The full impact of COVID-19 on the world
‘economy and consumer incomes remains
unclear although economic forecasts suggest
that many sectors will be heavily impacted

for some time, creating economic recession in
many countries. The pandemic has also caused
operational challenges for elements of the
animal protein value chain, most notably meat
processors in the US which are likely to continue
for some time, leading to challenging conditions
for some of our customers through at least the
remainder of 2020. Greater currency headwinds
are also anticipated in FY21. However, Genus's
business model and strategy has again
demonstrated its robustness and we anticipate
further growth in constant currency in the
business in the coming year and to perform in
line with our expectations.

Stephen Wilson
Chief Executive
7 September 2020

10 Genus ple / Annual Report 2020

BUSINESS MODEL

Producing and delivering
superior animals to farmers

LINK TO STRATEGY

Create differentiated and
sustainable proprietary genetic
solutions

Serve progressive protein
producers effectively

Share in the value delivered

See p.16

CREATE DIFFERENTIATED AND SUSTAINABLE PROPRIETARY GENETIC SOLUTIONS

Produce genetically superior

breeding animals

OUR STRENGTHS
AND RESOURCES

GLOBAL POSITION
Genusis uniquely placed as a global player,
with leading brands and market positions,
which strengthen through acquisitions and
partnerships

ELITE ANIMALS

We own elite porcine and bovine herds, which
produce animal proteins more efficiently, with
traits farmers value

PROPRIETARY TECHNOLOGY
We are a technology leader in our field.
We harness leading genetic and breeding
technologies, which we develop in-house
and through strategic partnerships

CUSTOMER RELATIONSHIPS

We serve over 50,000 customers globally,
including world-leading meat and milk
producers

EXPERT PEOPLE

We have over 100 PhD qualified employees
and relationships with leading research
institutions

SUPPLY CHAIN AND DISTRIBUTION
We have production facilities in key locations
worldwide, coupled with sales forces and
agents in over 80 countries

FINANCIAL STRENGTH

Our cash generative businesses and strong
financial position allow us toinvest for

the future

SHARED PROPRIETARY
TECHNOLOGY PLATFORM.

GENOME SCIENCE

We understand the links between DNA
and animals’ observable characteristics,
and how we can influence them

GENOMIC SELECTION
We breed successive generations of

animals by using DNA analysis to select
superior parents in our breedingherds,

BIOSYSTEMS ENGINEERING

We use technology to interrogate and
select cells, such asin our semen sexing
technology

GENE EDITING
We are developing more sustainable,

disease-resistant breeding animals by
making precise changesto their genes

REPRODUCTIVE BIOLOGY
We perform IVF matings to select both
female and male parents for superior
offspring, and we have active R&D
workstreams in multiple advanced
reproductive technologies