BETA Close X Genus plc has successfully formed its Chinese porcine joint venture on January 31, 2026, with Beijing Capital Agribusiness, a move expected to accelerate the growth of PIC China. Genus will receive a gross cash payment of US$160 million, estimated at US$140 million net of taxes and costs, in addition to a US$7.5 million milestone payment already recognized. Due to Genus's 49% ownership, PIC China will be deconsolidated from the group's accounts, with further implications to be discussed during the interim results announcement on February 26, 2026. Disclaimer* Genus PLC 02 February 2026 2 February 2026 Genus plc ("Genus" or the "Group") Successful formation of Chinese porcine joint venture Genus (LSE: GNS), a leading global animal genetics company, is pleased to announce the successful formation of its Chinese porcine joint venture on 31 January 2026. As announced on 4 September 2025 1 , Genus believes its joint venture partnership with Beijing Capital Agribusiness provides the best platform to accelerate the growth of PIC China. Following successful formation of the joint venture, Genus will receive a gross cash payment of US$160m (estimated US$140m, net of withholding tax and transaction costs, and subject to any further working capital and net debt adjustments). This gross cash payment is in addition to a gross milestone payment to Genus of US$7.5m which was recognised in the Group's fiscal first half. As a result of Genus's joint venture ownership of 49%, PIC China will henceforth be deconsolidated from Genus's group accounts. Management will discuss the pro-forma implication of the joint venture formation during the Group's scheduled interim results announcement on 26 February 2026. For further information please contact: Genus plc Tel: +44 (0)1256 345 970 Jorgen Kokke, Chief Executive Officer Andy Russell, Chief Financial Officer Anand Date, Investor Relations & Sustainability Director Burson Buchanan Tel: +44 (0)207 466 5000 Charles Ryland; Mark Court; Toto Berger; Jamie Hooper About Genus Genus is a world-leading animal genetics company. Genus creates advances to animal breeding and genetic improvement by applying biotechnology and sells added value products for livestock farming and food producers. Its technology is applicable across livestock species and is currently commercialised by Genus in the dairy, beef and pork food production sectors. Genus's worldwide sales are made in over seventy-five countries under the trademarks 'ABS' (dairy and beef cattle) and 'PIC' (pigs) and comprise semen, embryos and breeding animals with superior genetics to those animals currently in farms. Genus's customers' animals produce offspring with greater production efficiency, and quality, and use these to supply the global dairy and meat supply chains. The Group's competitive edge has been created from the ownership and control of proprietary lines of breeding animals, the biotechnology used to improve them and its global supply chain, technical service and sales and distribution network. With headquarters in Basingstoke, United Kingdom, Genus companies operate in over twenty-five countries on six continents, with research laboratories located in Madison, Wisconsin, USA. Footnotes 1 Accelerated Chinese porcine joint venture formation This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Genus (GNS) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 18 hours ago Diageo 19 hours ago Diageo 19 hours ago TotalEnergies SE 19 hours ago PayPoint 19 hours ago Barclays All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and