BETA Close X Ceres Power Holdings plc has entered into a strategic partnership with Centrica plc to deploy multi-gigawatt on-site fuel cell power solutions across the UK and Europe, addressing the growing demand and grid connection delays faced by commercial and industrial customers. This collaboration combines Centrica's energy supply and services expertise with Ceres' advanced Solid Oxide Fuel Cell (SOFC) and Solid Oxide Electrolysis Cell (SOEC) technologies, enabling fast, scalable deployment of high-efficiency, fuel-flexible on-site generation for sectors like data centres and advanced manufacturing. The partnership also explores integrating Ceres' SOEC technology with Centrica's AMR programme for green hydrogen production, supporting the UK's clean energy strategy. Disclaimer* Ceres Power Holdings plc 26 March 2026 CWR.L 26 March 2026 Ceres Power Holdings plc ("Ceres", the "Company") Ceres and Centrica sign a strategic partnership Centrica and Ceres sign strategic partnership to bring multi‑GW on‑site fuel cell power to the UK and Europe Horsham, UK: Ceres Power Holdings plc ("Ceres"), a UK‑based clean energy technology leader, today announces a collaboration with Centrica plc ("Centrica") to accelerate the deployment of solid oxide on‑site power solutions to meet the multi-gigawatt demand from commercial and industrial customers across the UK and Europe. With electricity grid connection delays impacting new industrial, commercial and digital projects, the UK and Europe are experiencing a widening gap between demand and available capacity. Through this collaboration, Centrica will be able to offer customers high‑efficiency, low‑carbon, grid independent on‑site power that can be deployed much faster than gas turbines or nuclear. By bringing together Centrica's market‑leading energy supply, trading and services platform with Ceres' advanced Solid Oxide Fuel Cell (SOFC) and Solid Oxide Electrolysis Cell (SOEC) technologies, the partnership enables fast, scalable deployment of high‑efficiency, fuel‑flexible on‑site generation for data centres, AI compute hubs, advanced manufacturing, logistics and distribution centres, as well as other critical commercial and industrial applications. Ceres' SOFC technology delivers high electrical efficiency, quiet operation and fuel flexibility, operating on natural gas today whilst providing a clear pathway to other fuels such as biogas and hydrogen in the future. The technology is also inherently suited to carbon capture applications. Initially, Ceres will support Centrica in expanding a new differentiated service-led model for clean power, providing access to British technology at scale and pace through its expanding ecosystem of global manufacturing partners. Ceres will assist Centrica with opportunities across project origination, installation and commissioning, remote monitoring, predictive maintenance and end of life recycling ensuring customers benefit from a full lifecycle solution. In addition, Centrica is also exploring how Ceres' high‑efficiency SOEC technology could integrate with its AMR programme to produce nuclear‑enabled green hydrogen, strengthening the UK's long‑term clean energy strategy. Centrica's gas and power trading capabilities will underpin a powerful customer proposition that integrates technology and fuel supply, structured energy contracts, long-term cost certainty and optimisation of on‑site generation into flexibility and balancing markets. Chris O'Shea, Chief Executive of Centrica plc said: "Businesses across the UK and Europe need more power, and they need it faster than the electricity grids can deliver. This partnership is about offering customers a reliable, efficient source of on‑site power that can be up and running quickly. By combining Ceres' technology with our energy expertise, we see a real opportunity to support data centres, AI and industry with cleaner power at scale, while helping to ease pressure on the grid and boost economic growth." Phil Caldwell, CEO of Ceres said: "This partnership is a powerful realisation of British technology applied at global scale. Leveraging Centrica's energy capabilities and Ceres global network of world‑class manufacturing partners, we can deliver low‑carbon, high‑efficiency power solutions for the fast‑growing data centre and on‑site power sector in the UK and Europe." Ends For further information visit www.ceres.tech or contact: Ceres Power Holdings plc Merryl Black Tel: +44(0)7770 853463 Email: investors@cerespower.com About Centrica Centrica is a leading integrated energy company focused on meeting the evolving energy needs of households, businesses and governments. Through its portfolio of energy supply, services and infrastructure assets, Centrica plays a critical role in energy security and the transition to a lower-carbon energy system, investing to deliver resilient and affordable energy solutions for the future. About Ceres Ceres is a leading developer of clean energy technology: fuel cells for power generation and electrolysers to green hydrogen. Its asset-light, licensing model has seen it establish partnerships with some of the world's largest companies, such as Doosan, Delta, Denso, Shell, Weichai, and Thermax. Ceres' solid oxide technology supports greater electrification of our energy systems, including AI data centres, commercial and industrial applications, and produces green hydrogen at high efficiencies as a route to decarbonise emissions-intensive industries such as ammonia, steelmaking, and electrofuels. Ceres is listed on the London Stock Exchange ("LSE") (LSE: CWR) and is classified by the LSE Green Economy Mark, which recognises listed companies that derive more than 50% of their activity from the green economy. Read more on our website www.ceres.tech or follow us on LinkedIn . This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Ceres Power Holdings (CWR) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 day ago Savannah Energy 1 day ago Barclays 1 day ago Schroder Income Growth Fund 1 day ago Fuller Smith & Turner 1 day ago Land Securities Group All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and