BETA Close X Centrica plc announced that Carol Arrowsmith, Non-Executive Director and Chair of the Remuneration Committee, will step down at the conclusion of the 2026 Annual General Meeting on May 7, 2026, after nearly six years of service. Sue Whalley will assume the role of Chair of the Remuneration Committee and join the Nominations Committee from that date. The company expressed gratitude for Arrowsmith's contributions, particularly her expertise and governance oversight as Chair of the Remuneration Committee. No other disclosures requiring regulatory attention were noted. Disclaimer* Centrica PLC 19 February 2026 19 February 2026 Centrica plc ('Centrica' or 'the Company') Board Change Centrica plc announces that Carol Arrowsmith, Non-Executive Director and Chair of the Remuneration Committee, has informed the Board of her intention to step down at the conclusion of the 2026 Annual General Meeting (AGM) on 7 May 2026 after almost six years on the Board. Carol will therefore not seek re ‑ election at the 2026 AGM. Centrica is pleased to confirm that Sue Whalley will be appointed as Chair of the Remuneration Committee and join the Nominations Committee with effect from the conclusion of the 2026 AGM. Kevin O'Byrne, Chair of Centrica, said: " On behalf of the Board, I would like to thank Carol for her strong contribution throughout her tenure. She has demonstrated exceptional expertise, rigorous governance oversight, and leadership, particularly in her role as Chair of the Remuneration Committee, where her judgement and stewardship have been instrumental to the Board's effectiveness ." There are no other matters requiring disclosure under UK Listing Rule 6.4.6R. ENDS Enquiries: Investors and Analysts E: ir@centrica.com Media T: 01784 843000 E: media@centrica.com Centrica plc is listed on the London Stock Exchange (CNA) Registered Office: Millstream, Maidenhead Road, Windsor, Berkshire SL4 5GD Registered in England & Wales number: 3033654 Legal Entity Identifier number: E26EDV109X6EEPBKVH76 ISIN number: GB00B033F229 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Centrica (CNA) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 53 minutes ago Taseko Mines Limited NPV (DI) 53 minutes ago Taseko Mines Limited NPV (DI) 53 minutes ago Xeros Technology Group 53 minutes ago Plus500 Ltd (DI) 53 minutes ago Capital for Colleagues plc All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and