BETA Close X Centrica plc has announced the appointment of Jonathan Howell as a Non-Executive Director, effective May 12, 2026, who will also assume the role of Chair of the Audit and Risk Committee and join the Nominations Committee from July 31, 2026. Howell brings extensive board-level experience in finance, governance, and risk from his previous executive and non-executive roles at companies including Experian plc, Whitbread plc, and Sage Group plc, where he served as CFO. Nathan Bostock will be stepping down from his board positions concurrently. Disclaimer* Centrica PLC 12 May 2026 12 May 2026 Centrica plc ('Centrica' or 'the Company') Centrica appoints Non-Executive Director Centrica is pleased to announce the appointment of Jonathan Howell as a Non ‑ Executive Director of the Company with effect from 12 May 2026. Jonathan will also become Chair of the Audit and Risk Committee and a member of the Nominations Committee, with effect from 31 July 2026. Jonathan has significant board-level executive and non-executive experience across FTSE-listed and regulated businesses, with particular expertise in finance, governance, risk and transformation. He is currently a Non-Executive Director and Chair of the Audit Committee of Experian plc and Whitbread plc, and previously served on the boards of Sage Group plc, EMAP plc, FTSE International Ltd and CrestCo Ltd. Jonathan brings deep financial leadership experience gained in complex, highly regulated environments. Having trained as a Chartered Accountant, his extensive executive career includes roles such as the CFO of Sage Group plc, Close Brothers Group plc and London Stock Exchange Group plc. Nathan Bostock will step down from the Board, the Nominations Committee, the Safety, Environment and Sustainability Committee and as Chair of the Audit and Risk Committee with effect from 31 July 2026. Kevin O'Byrne, Chair of Centrica, said: "I am delighted to welcome Jonathan to the Board. He brings deep financial and regulatory expertise, alongside considerable experience as both a FTSE 100 chief financial officer and audit committee chair. The Board will benefit greatly from Jonathan's judgement, rigour and market experience as Centrica continues to execute its strategy . On behalf of the Board, I would like to thank Nathan for his significant contribution to Centrica and his leadership of the Audit and Risk Committee. We are grateful for his commitment and support and wish him well for the future as he steps down from the Board at the end of July." Jonathan Howell said: "I am pleased to be joining the Board of Centrica. The Company has a clear strategy and a strong focus on disciplined performance. I look forward to working with the Board and management team to support the delivery of long‑term value for shareholders." Notes: This appointment is made pursuant to UK Listing Rule 6.4.8. In accordance with the obligations under UK Listing Rule 6.4.6, Jonathan Howell currently holds the following non‑executive directorships in quoted companies: · Whitbread plc · Experian plc Jonathan Howell was previously a director of Sage Group plc. At the date of this announcement, Jonathan Howell has no beneficial interest in the ordinary shares of Centrica plc. The Company confirms that there are no further matters requiring disclosure under UK Listing Rules 6.4.6 to 6.4.9 inclusive. ENDS Enquiries: Investors and Analysts E: ir@centrica.com Media T: 01784 843000 E: media@centrica.com Centrica plc is listed on the London Stock Exchange (CNA) Registered Office: Millstream, Maidenhead Road, Windsor, Berkshire SL4 5GD Registered in England & Wales number: 3033654 Legal Entity Identifier number: E26EDV109X6EEPBKVH76 ISIN number: GB00B033F229 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Centrica (CNA) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 14 hours ago CloudCoco Group 14 hours ago Petrotal Corporation NPV (DI) 14 hours ago Integrated Diagnostics Holdings 15 hours ago Inchcape 15 hours ago PZ Cussons All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and