BETA Close X Centrica plc announced that Non-Executive Director Alessandra Pasini purchased 26,000 ordinary shares on 8 May 2026 for a total consideration of £52,158.60, with each share acquired at a price of £2.0061 on the London Stock Exchange. Disclaimer* Centrica PLC 12 May 2026 Centrica plc (the 'Company') 12 May 2026 Notification of Transactions of Director The Company was notified that a Director acquired Centrica plc ordinary shares of 6 14 / 81 pence ('Shares'). The following notification, made pursuant to Article 19 of the Market Abuse Regulation, provides further details. 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities/person closely associated a) Name Alessandra Pasini 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/status Non-Executive Director b) Initial notification/Amendment Initial Notification 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name Centrica plc b) LEI E26EDV109X6EEPBKVH76 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Identification code Ordinary shares of 6 14 / 81 pence (Shares) GB00B033F229 b) Nature of the transaction Purchase of 26,000 Shares in the Company c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) £2.0061 26,000 d) Aggregated information Total £52,158.60 e) Date of the transaction 8 May 2026 f) Place of the transaction London Stock Exchange (XLON) Centrica plc is listed on the London Stock Exchange (CNA) Registered Office: Millstream, Maidenhead Road, Windsor, Berkshire SL4 5GD Registered in England & Wales number: 3033654 Legal Entity Identifier number: E26EDV109X6EEPBKVH76 ISIN number: GB00B033F229 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Centrica (CNA) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 15 minutes ago Aberforth Geared Value & Income Trust 1 hour ago CQS Natural Resources Growth and Income 4 hours ago Staffline Group 4 hours ago Shell 4 hours ago Genedrive All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and