BETA Close X Centrica plc has secured a 20-year regulated Contract for Difference agreement for its 20% share in the Sizewell B nuclear power station, extending its operation from 2035 to 2055. This agreement guarantees a strike price of £70.50/MWh, indexed to CPI inflation, removing exposure to volatile market prices and underpinning an estimated £800 million investment in life extension, funded by operating cash flows. The company also holds a 15% stake in the new Sizewell C project, with a phased investment capped at £1.3 billion, and is collaborating on advanced modular reactor development, aiming for 6GW nationwide. Disclaimer* Centrica PLC 09 July 2026 Centrica plc 09 July 2026 Sizewell B life extension and regulated returns agreement Centrica (the "Company") is pleased to confirm that a Heads of Terms for a 20-year regulated Contract for Difference ("CfD") agreement has been signed by UK Government which will extend the life of Sizewell B in Suffolk, enabling the 1.2GW nuclear power station, in which Centrica has a 20% share, to continue operating from 2035 to 2055. Sizewell B will receive a guaranteed strike price of £70.50/MWh from April 2035 to March 2055 for the electricity it produces, based on 2025 prices and indexed to CPI inflation. The CfD framework removes exposure to merchant power prices, providing predictable inflation-linked revenues. Aligned with our investment framework, this underpins a fair return on life extension investment of approximately £800 million 1 which is expected to be funded through operating cash flows from the existing Nuclear partnership with EDF Energy over the next 15 years, with no requirement for additional equity to be injected. The contract with HMG is expected to be finalised later this year. Sizewell B, the UK's only Pressurised Water Reactor, is one of the country's five operational nuclear power stations and provides zero-carbon electricity to power around 2.5 million homes a year, supporting the UK economy with clean and secure baseload energy. In addition to Centrica's 20% ownership of the UK's operational nuclear fleet, the Company is also supporting the development of new nuclear in the UK. In July 2025, Centrica acquired a 15% stake in the neighbouring Sizewell C, a new 3.2GW power station under construction in Suffolk, for a phased investment capped at £1.3 billion under a Regulated Asset Base framework. Additionally, in September 2025, Centrica and X-energy signed a Joint Development Agreement for the UK's first advanced modular reactor fleet, targeting 6GW nationwide - enough to power 14 million homes. Hartlepool has been identified as the preferred first site for a ~1GW deployment, with the project currently advancing through HMG's Advanced Nuclear Pipeline assessment. Chris O'Shea, Chief Executive of Centrica said: "I'm delighted that Sizewell B will continue to play a key role in the UK's energy system for decades to come. Generating around 3% of the UK's electricity, Sizewell B is critical to delivering the reliable, zero-carbon baseload power that supports Britain's energy security, protects skilled jobs and underpins a more resilient economy. " W e welcome the constructive engagement with Government in reaching this agreement, providing the certainty needed to support the required investment. The agreement gives Sizewell B a clear, regulated framework through to the 2050s. This further strengthens Centrica's portfolio of long-term infrastructure assets with predictable earnings, which includes the neighbouring new nuclear power station, Sizewell C. It is good for the country, good for our customers and good for Centrica's shareholders." Notes: 1. 100% share, 2023 prices. Centrica 20% share approximately £160 million. Enquiries: Centrica Investors and analysts: Email: ir@centrica.com Media: Email: media@centrica.com Tel: +44 (0) 1784 843000 END Centrica plc is listed on the London Stock Exchange (CNA) Registered Office: Millstream, Maidenhead Road, Windsor, Berkshire SL4 5GD Registered in England & Wales number: 3033654 Legal Entity Identifier number: E26EDV109X6EEPBKVH76 ISIN number: GB00B033F229 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Centrica (CNA) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 hour ago Canal+ SA 1 hour ago PayPoint 3 hours ago Premier Miton Group 3 hours ago Braemar 4 hours ago Hill and Smith All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and