1 
 
 
  
BASE PROSPECTUS 
CENTRICA plc 
(incorporated in England and Wales with limited liability under registered number 03033654) 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): E26EDV109X6EEPBKVH76 
U.S.$10,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Under this U.S.$10,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the Programme), Centrica plc (the Issuer or Centrica) 
may from time to time issue notes (the Notes) denominated in any currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer (as 
defined below).  
Notes may be issued in bearer or registered form (respectively Bearer Notes and Registered Notes). The maximum aggregate 
nominal amount of all Notes from time to time outstanding under the Programme will not exceed U.S.$10,000,000,000 (or its equivalent 
in other currencies calculated as described in the Programme Agreement described herein), subject to increase as described herein. 
Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers specified under “Overview of the Programme” and any 
additional Dealer appointed under the Programme from time to time by the Issuer (each a Dealer and together the Dealers), which 
appointment may be for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis. References in this Base Prospectus to the relevant Dealer shall, in the 
case of an issue of Notes being (or intended to be) subscribed by more than one Dealer, be to all Dealers agreeing to purcha se such 
Notes. 
An investment in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. For a discussion of these risks see “Risk 
Factors”. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Financial Conduct Authority  (the FCA) in accorda nce with the rules in  the 
Prospectus Rules: Admission to Trading on a Regulated Market sourcebook (the PRM) made pursuant to its rule -making powers 
under the Public Offers and Admissions to Trading Regulations 2024 . The FCA only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting 
the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the rules in the PRM. Such approval should not be 
considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or the quality of the Notes that are the subject of this Base Prospectus and inves tors 
should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. Application has been made to the FCA for Notes 
issued under the Programme during the period of 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to the officia l 
list of the FCA (the Official List ), and to the London Stock Exchange plc (the London Stock Exchange ) for such Notes to be 
admitted to trading on the Main Market of the London Stock Exchange (the Main Market), which is not a regulated market for the 
purposes of the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive 2014/65/EU ( as amended,  MiFID II) but is a UK regulated market for 
the purposes of  Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 on markets in financial instruments as it forms part of domestic law in the U nited 
Kingdom ( UK) by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ( EUWA) (UK MiFIR ). References in this Base Prospectus 
to Notes being listed (and all related references) shall (unless the context otherwise requires) mean that such Notes have been 
admitted to trading on the  Main Market  and have been admitted to the Official List.  
Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes, the issue price of Notes and 
certain other information which is applicable to each Tranche (as defined under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”) of Notes will be 
set out in a final terms document (the Final Terms) which will be delivered to the FCA and the London Stock Exchange on or before the 
date of issue of the Notes of such Tranche. Copies of Final Terms will also be published on the website of the London Stock Exchange 
through a regulatory information service. 
The Issuer has been assigned a long-term debt credit rating of Baa2 (stable outlook) and a short-term debt credit rating of P-2 
(stable outlook) by Moody’s Investors Service Ltd (Moody’s) and a long term debt credit rating of BBB (stable outlook) and a short term 
debt credit rating of A -2 (stable outlook) by S&P Global Ratings UK Limited (S&P). The Programme has been rated Baa 2 (long-term) 
and P-2 (short-term) by Moody’s and BBB (long-term) and A-2 (short-term) by S&P. Each of Moody’s and S&P is established in the UK 
and is registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) as it forms part of the domestic law in the UK by virtue of the 
EUWA (the UK CRA Regulation). Notes issued under the Programme may be rated by either of the rating agencies referred to above 
or unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, such rating will be disclosed in the applicable Final Terms, and the rating assigned to it 
may not necessarily be the same as the rating assigned to the Programme by the relevant rating agency. The ratings issued by Moody’s 
and S&P have been endorsed by Moody's Deutschland GmbH and S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited, respectively. Each of Moody's 
Deutschland GmbH and S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited is established in the European Economic Area (EEA) and registered under 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the EU CRA Regulation). As such, each of Moody's Deutschland GmbH and S&P Global 
Ratings Europe Limited is included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the European Securities and Markets Authority (the 
ESMA) on its website (at https://www.esma.europa.eu/credit -rating-agencies/cra-authorisation) in accordance with the EU CRA 
Regulation. A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, change or 
withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency.
2 
 
 
Arranger 
Barclays  
Dealers 
Bank of China Barclays 
BNP PARIBAS BofA Securities 
Citigroup Goldman Sachs International 
J.P. Morgan Lloyds Bank Corporate Markets 
Mizuho MUFG  
NatWest  RBC Capital Markets 
Santander Corporate & Investment Banking SMBC 
Société Générale Corporate & Investment Banking UBS Investment Bank 
  
The date of this Base Prospectus is 14 May 2026
3 
 
 
   
IMPORTANT INFORMATION 
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus for the purposes of PRM 2.3. 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and the 
Final Terms for each Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme. To the best of the knowledge of 
the Issuer, the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and this 
Base Prospectus makes no omission  likely to affect its import. The Issuer confirms that where 
information in this Base Prospectus has been sourced from third  parties, this information has been 
accurately reproduced and that so far as the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from information 
published by such source, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading. The source of third -party information is identified where it is 
used.   
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are deemed to be 
incorporated herein by reference (see “Documents Incorporated by Reference ”). This Base 
Prospectus shall, save as specified herein, be read and construed on the basis that such documents 
are incorporated in and form part of this Base Prospectus.  Other than in relation to the documents 
which are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see “ Documents Incorporated by Reference”), 
the information on the websites to which this Base Prospectus refers does not form part of this Base 
Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the FCA.  
This Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) will be valid as a 
base prospectus under the PRM for 12 months  from its date in relation to Notes which are to be 
admitted to trading on a regulated market in the UK . The obligation to supplement this Base 
Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies will not 
apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
The Trustee, the Dealers and their respective affiliates make no representation, warranty or 
undertaking, express or implied, and no responsibility or liability is accepted by the Trustee , the 
Dealers or their respective affiliates as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained 
or incorporated in this Base Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuer in connection 
with the Programme or for any acts or omissions of the Issuer or any other person in connection with 
this Base Prospectus or th e issue and offering of any Notes under the Programme. None of  the 
Trustee, the Dealers or their respective affiliates accepts any liability in relation to the information 
contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any other information provided by 
the Issuer in connection with the Programme. 
No person is or has been authorised by the Issuer to give any information or to make any 
representation not contained in or not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other information 
supplied in connection with the Programme or the Notes and, if giv en or made, such information or 
representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer, the Trustee , any of 
the Dealers or their respective affiliates. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the 
Programme or any Notes (i) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation of the 
Issuer and/or the Notes, or (ii) should be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer, the Trustee, 
any of the Dealers or their respective affiliates that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other 
information supplied in connection with the Programme or any Notes should purchase any Notes. 
Each investor contemplating purchasing any Notes should make its own independent investigation 
of the financial condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of the creditworthiness, of the Issuer. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection wit h the Programme 
or the issue of any Notes constitutes an offer or invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer, the Trustee 
or any of the Dealers or their respective affiliates to any person to subscribe for or to purchase any 
Notes. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Notes shall 
in any circumstances imply that the information contained herein concerning the Issuer is correct at 
any time subsequent to the date hereof or that any other information supplied in connection with the 
Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date indicated in the document containing
4 
 
 
the same. The Trustee, the Dealers and their respective affiliates expressly do not undertake to review 
the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer during the life of the Programme or to advise any 
investor in the Notes of any information coming to their attention.
5 
 
 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO THE USE OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS AND 
OFFERS OF NOTES GENERALLY 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy 
any Notes in any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in 
such jurisdiction. The distribution of this Base Prospe ctus and the offer or sale of Notes may be 
restricted by law in certain jurisdictions. The Issuer, the Trustee , the Dealers and their respective 
affiliates do not represent that this Base Prospectus may be lawfully distributed, or that any Notes 
may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any 
such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or assume any responsibility for 
facilitating any such distribution or offering. In particular, no action has been taken by the Issuer, the 
Trustee, the Dealers or their respective affiliates which is intended to permit a public offering of any 
Notes or distribution of this document in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. 
Accordingly, no Notes may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this Base Prospectus 
nor any advertisement or other offering material may be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, 
except under circumstances that will result in complianc e with any applicable laws and regulations. 
Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Notes may come must inform 
themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and 
the offering and sale of N otes. In particular, there are restrictions on the distribution of this Base 
Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes in the United States , the EEA (including Belgium), the UK 
and Singapore, see “Subscription and Sale” below. 
The minimum denomination of each Note shall be €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other 
currency as at the date of issue of the Notes). 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Each potential investor in the 
Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances. In particular, 
each potential investor may wish to consider, either on i ts own or with the help of its financial and 
other professional advisers, whether it:  
(i) has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the 
merits and risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(ii) has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on 
its overall investment portfolio; 
(iii) has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the 
Notes, including Notes where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from 
the potential investor’s currency; 
(iv) understands the accounting, legal, regulatory and tax implications of a purchase, holding and 
disposal of an interest in the Notes; 
(v) understands thoroughly the terms of the Notes and is familiar with the behaviour of financial 
markets; and 
(vi) is able to evaluate possible scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that may 
affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments. The investment activities of 
certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation by 
certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult it s legal advisers to determine whether 
and to what extent (1) Notes are legal investments for it, (2) Notes can be used as collateral for various 
types of borrowing and (3) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial 
institutions should consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the 
appropriate treatment of Notes under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. 
Prospective investors should also consult their own tax advisers as to the tax consequences 
of the purchase, ownership and disposition of Notes issued under the Programme.
6 
 
 
MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET - The Final Terms in respect of any 
Notes may include a legend entitled “MiFID Product Governance” which will outline the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. 
Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending any such Notes (a distributor) should 
take into consideration the targ et market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is 
responsible for undertaking its own  target market assessment in respect of such Notes (by either 
adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the 
MiFID Product Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the MiFID Product 
Governance Rules), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, 
but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a 
manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID Product Governance Rules. 
UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET - The Final Terms in respect of any 
Notes may include a legend entitled “UK MiFIR Product Governance” which will outline the target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are 
appropriate. Any distributor should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, 
a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook 
(the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules)  is re sponsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of such Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) 
and determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK 
MiFIR Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect 
of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates 
will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules.  
PRIIPS / PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to 
be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who 
is one (or both) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU (as amended or superseded, the Insurance Distribution 
Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client  as defined in point (10) of 
Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 (the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available 
to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs 
Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold, distributed  or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold , distributed  or 
otherwise made available to any retail investor in the UK. For these purposes, a retail investor means 
a person who is not a professional client as defined in point (8) of the Article 2(1) of the UK MiFIR . 
Consequently, no disclosure document required by the FCA Product Disclosure Sourcebook (DISC)  
for offering, selling or distributing the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in 
the UK has been prepared and therefore offering , selling or distributing  the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under DISC and the Consumer 
Composite Investments (Designated Activities) Regulations 2024.  
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 
1933, as amended (the Securities Act) or under the securities laws of any state or other jurisdiction 
of the United States of America (the United States) and are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. Notes 
issued under the Programme are being offered outside the United States by the Dealers in accordance 
with Regulation S under the Securities Act (Regulation S), and may not be offered, sold, pledged, 
taken up, resold, transferred or delivered directly or indirectly into the United States except pursuant 
to an applicable exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of 
the Securities Act and in accordance with all applicable securit ies laws of any state or other 
jurisdiction of the United States and any other jurisdiction.  For a description of these and certain
7 
 
 
further restrictions on offers, sales and transfer of Notes issued under the Programme and the 
distribution of this Base Prospectus, see “Subscription and Sale” below. 
If a jurisdiction requires that the offering be made by a licensed broker or dealer and the Dealers 
or any parent company or affiliate of the Dealers is a licensed broker or dealer in that jurisdiction, the 
offering shall be deemed to be made by the Dealer s or such parent company or affiliate on behalf of 
the Issuer in such jurisdiction. 
UK BENCHMARK REGULATION - Amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by 
reference to Euro Interbank Offered Rate ( EURIBOR), Sterling Overnight Index Average (SONIA) , 
Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR) and Euro Short -term Rate (€STR), which are provided by 
the European Money Markets Institute (EMMI), the Bank of England, the Federal Reserve Bank of New 
York and the European Central Bank, respectively . As at the date of this Base Prospectus, EMMI 
appears in the register of administrators establish ed and maintained by the FCA under Regulation 
(EU) No. 2016/101 1 as it forms part of domestic law in the UK by virtue of the EUWA (the UK 
Benchmark Regulation), and none of the Bank of England, the Federal Reserve Bank of New York and 
the European Central Bank is required to obtain authorisation or registration under Article 36 of the 
UK Benchmark Regulation  as none of SONIA, SOFR and €STR fall s within the scope of the UK 
Benchmark Regulation by virtue of Article 2 of the UK Benchmark Regulation. The registration status 
of any administrator under the UK Benchmark Regulation is a matter of public record and, save where 
required by applicable law, the Issuer does not intend to update the Final Terms to reflect any change 
in the registration status of the administrator. 
PRESENTATION OF INFORMATION 
In this Base Prospectus, all references to: 
• U.S. dollars, U.S.$ and $ refer to United States dollars; 
• Sterling and £ refer to pounds sterling;  
• euro and € refer to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic 
and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as 
amended; and  
• “consolidated” in relation to the Issuer shall, if the Issuer prepares both consolidated accounts 
and non -consolidated accounts in accordance with UK -adopted International Accounting 
Standards, be construed as references to “consolidated and non-consolidated”.  
STABILISATION 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, one or more relevant Dealers (the 
Stabilisation Manager(s)) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) may over-allot 
Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Notes at a level higher 
than that which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any 
stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms 
of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must 
end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 
days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-
allotment must be conducted by the relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of 
any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules.
8 
 
 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 
This Base Prospectus contains certain forward-looking statements. A forward-looking statement is a 
statement that does not relate to historical facts and events. They are based on analyses or forecasts 
of future results and estimates of amounts not yet determinable or foreseeable. These forward -
looking statements are identified by the use of terms and phrases such as “anticipate”, “believe”, 
“could”, “estimate”, “expect”, “intend”, “may”, “plan”, “predict”, “project”, “will” and similar terms 
and phrases, including references and assumptions. This applies, in particular, to statements in this 
Base Prospectus containing information on future earning capacity, plans and expectations 
regarding the business and management of Centrica and its subsidiary undertakings (the Group), the 
Group’s growth and profitability, and general economic and regulatory conditions and other factors 
that affect it. 
 
Forward-looking statements in this Base Prospectus are based on current estimates and 
assumptions that the Issuer makes to the best of its present knowledge. These forward -looking 
statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors which could cause actual results, 
including the Group’s financial condition and results of operations, to differ materially from and be 
worse than results that have expressly or implicitly been assumed or described in these forward -
looking statements. The Group’s business is also subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that 
could cause a forward-looking statement, estimate or prediction in this Base Prospectus to become 
inaccurate. Accordingly, investors are strongly advised to read the following sections of this Base 
Prospectus: “Overview  of the Programme ”, “Risk Factors” and “ Description of t he Issuer”. These 
sections include more detailed descriptions of factors that might have an impact on the Group’s 
business and the markets in which it operates. In light of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, 
future events described in this Base Prospectus may not occur. 
 
In addition, none of the Issuer , the Dealers, the Trustee  or their respective affiliates assume any 
obligation, except as required by law, to update any forward -looking statement or to conform these 
forward-looking statements to actual events or developments.
9 
 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME .............................................................................................................................. 10 
RISK FACTORS.............................................................................................................................................................. 15 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE……………………………………………………………………………40 
FORM OF THE NOTES .................................................................................................................................................. 43 
APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS ......................................................................................................................................... 47 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ................................................................................................................ 58 
USE OF PROCEEDS .................................................................................................................................................... 103 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER ................................................................................................................................. 104 
DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT OF THE ISSUER ................................................................................... 105 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE CENTRICA GROUP…………………………………………………………………………………107 
TAXATION .............................................................................................

---

tement Page 134 
Group Statement of Comprehensive Income Page 135 
Group Statement of Changes in Equity Page 136 
Group Balance Sheet Page 137 
Group Cash Flow Statement Page 138 
Notes to the Financial Statements Pages 139 to 234  
Company Statement of Changes in Equity Page 235 
Company Balance Sheet Page 236 
Notes to the Company Financial Statements Pages 237 to 244 
Additional Information - Explanatory Notes (Unaudited)  Pages 248 to 252 
(which can be accessed at:  https://www.centrica.com/media/ckfb0qxj/annual-report-and-accounts-
2025-untagged.pdf) 
(b) the auditors’ report and audited consolidated and non-consolidated annual financial statements of the 
Issuer for the financial year ended 31 December 2024 which appear on pages 154 to 280 (together 
with the section titled “ Additional Information - Explanatory Notes (Unaudited)” on pages 284 to 288) 
of the annual report for the year ended 31 December 2024 (the 2024 Annual Report and Accounts), 
including the information set out at the following pages, in particular:  
Independent Auditors’ Report Pages 154 to 166 
Group Income Statement Page 167 
Group Statement of Comprehensive Income Page 168 
Group Statement of Changes in Equity Page 169 
Group Balance Sheet Page 170 
Group Cash Flow Statement Page 171 
Notes to the Financial Statements Pages 172 to 269  
Company Statement of Changes in Equity Page 270 
Company Balance Sheet Page 271 
Notes to the Company Financial Statements Pages 272 to 280 
Additional Information - Explanatory Notes (Unaudited)  Pages 284 to 288
41 
 
 
(which can be accessed at: https://www.centrica.com/media/2pjoazw0/annual-report-and-accounts-
2024-untagged.pdf) 
(c) the Terms and Conditions of the Notes contained in the Base Prospectus dated 26 September 2012 
(pages 33 to 57), the Base Prospectus dated 27 September 2011 (pages 38 to 59), the Base 
Prospectus dated 28 August 2009 (pages 35 to 56),  the Base Prospectus dated 28 September 2007 
(pages 32 to 53) and the Base Prospectus dated 8 November 2005 (pages 30 to 50) , in each case 
prepared by the Issuer in connection with the Programme. 
In addition to the above, the following documents shall be incorporated in, and form part of, this Base 
Prospectus as and when they are published during the period of 12 months from the date of this Base 
Prospectus at https://www.centrica.com/investors/results-reports-and-presentations/results-reports-
and-presentations/ and will also be made available via the regulatory news service maintained by the 
London Stock Exchange (https://www.londonstockexchange.com/market-data/all): 
(d) the auditors’ report and audited consolidated and non-consolidated annual financial statements of the 
Issuer, including the information set out in the following sections, in particular: 
Independent Auditors’ Report 
Group Income Statement 
Group Statement of Comprehensive Income 
Group Statement of Changes in Equity 
Group Balance Sheet 
Group Cash Flow Statement 
Notes to the Financial Statements 
Company Statement of Changes in Equity 
Company Balance Sheet 
Notes to the Company Financial Statements 
Additional Information - Explanatory Notes (Unaudited)  
(e) the review report and unaudited interim consolidated financial statements of the Issuer,  including the 
information set out in the following sections, in particular: 
Independent Review Report 
Group Income Statement 
Group Statement of Comprehensive Income 
Group Statement of Changes in Equity 
Group Balance Sheet 
Group Cash Flow Statement 
Notes to the Condensed Interim Financial Statements 
Explanatory Notes   
Information incorporated by reference pursuant to paragraphs (d) and (e) above shall, to the extent 
applicable, be deemed to modify or supersede statements contained in this Base Prospectus. 
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus a supplement may be prepared by the Issuer and 
approved by the FCA in accordance with PRM 10.1 . Statements contained in any such supplement (or 
contained in any document incorporated by reference therein) shall to the extent applicable  (whether
42 
 
 
expressly, by implication or otherwise) be deemed to modify or supersede statements contained in this Base 
Prospectus or in a document which is incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. Any statement so 
modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Base 
Prospectus. 
Copies of documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus can be obtained from the 
registered office of the Issuer and from the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent, upon prior written 
request, for the time being in London. Documents may also be viewed electronically and free of charge are 
available for viewing on the website of the Issuer at https://www.centrica.com/investors/results-reports-and-
presentations/, and at https://www.londonstockexchange.com/stock/CNA/centrica-plc/company-page. 
Any non-incorporated parts of a document referred to herein are either not relevant for an investor or 
are covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
Any documents themselves incorporated by reference in the documents incorporated by reference in 
this Base Prospectus shall not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
The Issuer’s website is https://www.centrica.com. Save in respect of documents incorporated by 
reference herein, the information on this website or any website directly or indirectly linked to this website is 
not incorporated by reference in accordance with PRM 5 into this Base Prospectus and investors should not 
rely on it. 
The Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or  material inaccuracy 
relating to information included in this Base Prospectus which may affect the assessment of any Notes, 
prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new Base Prospectus for use in connection with 
any subsequent issue of Notes. 
The Issuer has undertaken to the Dealers in the Programme Agreement (as defined in “Subscription 
and Sale” below) that it will comply with PRM 10.1. 
Any Notes issued under the Programme on or after the date of this Base Pro

---

, A -2 stable outlook (S&P)). Any 
deterioration in the Group’s credit ratings may reduce the Group’s funding options, increase the Group’s costs 
of borrowings, trigger additional obligations under certain bilateral provisions in some trading, derivative or 
collateralised financing contacts or otherwise affect its ability to obtain credit from counterparties. In particular, 
the Group may need to increase its levels of margin or other security in its wholesale commodity contracts or 
face limits on its ability to trade in commodity markets and to implement its hedging strategies. As the Group’s 
bilateral margin thresholds may reduce if the credit rating deteriorates, the Group’s access to the amount of 
uncollateralised credit lines may reduce, which could force the Group to use committed credit facilities, letters 
of credit or other sources of liquidity instead. Any of these factors could have a material adverse effect on the 
Group’s business, results of operations and overall financial condition. Credit rating downgrades could also 
potentially require the Group to review its funding arrangements with the Centrica pension scheme trustees 
(the Pension Scheme Trustees) in relation to the Group’s defined benefit schemes. Please see “The Group 
has funding risks relating to its defined benefit pension schemes” for further information. 
The Group uses derivatives and hedging arrangements in the conduct of its business, which 
exposes it to further regulatory and financial risk 
Hedging transactions could, for a variety of reasons, result in substantial losses for the Group. The 
standalone value of hedge positions can change significantly, potentially increasing the volatility of cash 
required for margin calls and the accounting p rofit recognised within a particular period. In addition, losses 
may arise in any circumstance in which a counterparty does not perform its obligations, the arrangement is 
imperfect, or the Group’s internal hedging policies and procedures do not work as pl anned. As a result of 
these factors, the Group’s hedging activities may not be as effective as intended in reducing the volatility of 
its cash flows and earnings. Any such losses or increases in volatility could materially and adversely affect 
the Group’s liquidity and financial position. 
The Group uses derivatives and other financial instruments in the ordinary course of its business as 
part of its wider risk management programme. As a result, the Group is subject to additional regulatory 
regimes covering the execution, collateralisation a nd reporting of derivatives and other similar financial 
instruments in the UK, US, and/or the European Union (EU). 
The Group has funding risks relating to its defined benefit pension schemes  
The Group maintains a variety of pension schemes, including defined benefit schemes which are open 
to the future accrual of benefits, but closed to new joiners.  
The aim of the Group and the Pension Scheme Trustees, as set out in each scheme’s Statement of 
Funding Principles, is for each scheme to have sufficient assets to cover its liabilities. The associated risks 
therefore primarily relate to interest rates, inflation, returns on assets and the longevity of scheme members; 
the mismatch between asset and liability value movements is a consequence of targeting higher returns than 
those available from assets effectively matching the liabilities. The defined benefit schemes’ investment 
portfolios contain a proportion of assets that are expected to provide a better return in the long term than 
alternative investments such as government bonds. However, in the short term, the difference between the 
value of liabilities and assets may vary, potentially resulting in a deficit having to be recognised on the Group’s 
balance sheet, alongside an increase in the profit and loss expense and the funding requirements (cash and 
possibly contingent assets). The current economic envir onment, particularly the changing long-term interest 
and inflation rates, long-term gilt yields, corporate bond yields and credit spreads could also potentially result
18 
 
 
in a deficit having to be recognised, although the schemes’ investments include liability matching assets 
aimed at hedging against interest rates and inflation risk.  
The pensions schemes use Liability Driven Investments ( LDIs) to support the hedging of movements 
in long-term interest and inflation rates. These LDIs include derivative instruments supported by collateral 
requirements. If there is significant volatility in real gilt yields, then there is a risk that the schemes could have 
insufficient liquid assets to support additional collateral calls and the hedging levels may need to be reduced 
as a result. 
Furthermore, a faster than expected increase in life expectancy could increase the defined benefit 
liabilities. Changes in the accounting standards or UK pensions legislation in relation to the strategy for 
pension scheme investments and funding relating t o defined benefit pension liabilities could also lead to 
increased deficits for and/or increased funding commitments to the Group’s pension schemes.  
Pension schemes in the UK are subject to triennial actuarial valuations, the latest valuation date being 
31 March 2024. If these valuations identify that the pension schemes are in deficit, this could, subject to 
agreement between the Issuer and the Pensio n Scheme Trustees, result in additional deficit repair 
contributions being required, further changes to members’ benefits and/or the Group offering more contingent 
assets or asset backed contributions as additional security. Any further requirement to make  significant 
immediate cash contributions into one or more of the Group’s defined benefit schemes to cover any such 
deficits could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, results of operations and overall 
financial condition, noting however that the UK Pensions Regulator’s general code of practice states that the 
level of such contributions should take into account the sustainable growth of the employer.  
Although the Group endeavours

---

The Group is exposed to interest rate fluctuations 
The Group is exposed to movements in interest rates, which affect the amount of interest paid on 
borrowings and the return on its cash investments. If interest rates increase, the amount of interest paid on 
floating rate borrowings would also rise, as would the cost of funding investments (these cost increases would 
be partially off -set by increased interest on group cash balances). The Group uses derivative financial 
instruments, such as interest rate swaps, to manage interest rate risk on long-term borrowings. To the extent 
that any of the Group’s interest rate exposure remains unhedged, or such hedging is ineffective, adverse 
movements in interest rates could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, results of 
operations and overall financial condition. 
LEGAL AND REGULATORY RISKS 
The Group’s business is subject to regulatory oversight and legal risk 
The Group is subject to various regulatory interventions from regulatory bodies in the UK, the Republic 
of Ireland and elsewhere. The objectives of these interventions vary, but include changing environmental 
regulations and disclosure requirements, govern ance of industry operations, market conduct, security of 
energy supplies, privacy and data protection controls, amendment to existing tax and disclosure regimes and 
protection of consumers and business customers.
20 
 
 
The ongoing level of focus on energy companies in the UK serves to heighten further the level of 
scrutiny from regulatory bodies, and other key stakeholders, including the UK government and consumer 
groups, adding to the level of public attention directed towards compliance matters (please see “ Political, 
legal or regulatory intervention may have a negative impact on the Group's business and financial 
performance” below for more information). 
In addition to Ofgem, the Group is subject to oversight from a wide range of other regulatory bodies 
including, the Competition and Markets Authority, the North Sea Transition Authority, the Office for Nuclear 
Regulation, the FCA and the Prudential Regulatory Authority (PRA) in the UK; the Commission for Regulation 
of Utilities in the Republic of Ireland; the Agency for the Cooperation of Energy Regulators, the ESMA and 
national regulators in Europe; and the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission in the US, w here its 
subsidiaries are active in wholesale electricity and natural gas markets. Regulatory bodies can impose rules 
on how the Group markets, sells and fulfils its products and services to its customers and have the power to 
amend or remove licences, con duct investigations into companies’ operations, issue financial penalties and 
enforcement notices (including to stop the Group from acquiring new customers, and require it to increase 
capital holdings). In serious cases, regulators have the power to impose  substantial fines that could have a 
material adverse impact on the Group’s profitability. In the case of a supply licence breach in the UK for 
example, penalties administered by Ofgem could be up to 10 per cent. of Group revenue and in the case of 
a breach of EU Regulation (No. 1227/2011) on wholesale energy market integrity and transparency, or breach 
of an FCA or PRA licence, the fine could be unlimited. Intervention or remedies could materially adversely 
impact the Group’s business, operations and overall financial condition. 
The Group’s Exploration and Production ( E&P), British Gas Energy, Bord Gáis Energy and CE 
businesses in the UK, the Republic of Ireland, mainland Europe and the US are closely regulated and 
significant changes to the legal and regulatory framework of these markets could have an impact on the 
Group’s ability to achieve its operational or financial goals. 
The UK retail and business energy supply businesses have also seen regulators impose significant 
obligations to implement carbon reduction and bill -saving measures. The Energy Companies Obligation 
(ECO) came into effect from January 2013. The most recent obligation period, known as ECO4, came into 
force in the summer of 2022 and ran until March 2026. The Great British Insulation Scheme ( GBIS) came 
into effect from April 2023 and ran until April 2026. Following the November 2025 budget, the UK government 
has taken the decision not to renew either the ECO or GBIS scheme,  however the Group will continue to be 
required to fulfil certain obligations under both schemes throughout 2026, which, if it fails to do, could harm 
the Group’s reputation and result in regulatory penalty. 
Market wide half -hourly settlement ( MHHS) will be an industry wide requirement by early July 2027, 
meaning that all energy suppliers will be required to settle electricity customers half -hourly. The British Gas 
Energy business will need to align with MHHS by the applicable regulatory timetables for adopting MHHS for 
residential and business customers. While this potentially enables customers to save money, it will add some 
additional risk to suppliers with respect to balancing. 
Similarly, the regulatory and policy landscape for distributed energy solutions in the main territories 
where Centrica Business operates (being the UK, the Republic of Ireland and North America) may affect 
demand for distributed energy solutions from Centrica Business’ commercial and industrial customers, noting 
however that there are other market trends and drivers affecting that demand such as enhanced customer 
site resilience and decarbonisation, electric vehicle (EV) enablement and net zero objectives. Such demand 
might also be affected by, for example, regulatory and policy changes that impact the economics of “behind 
the meter” gas-fired combined heat and power (CHP) plants. Examples of these include regulatory changes 
to carbon taxes or to the method of recovering policy costs. The Group intends to mitigate the risks related 
to such regulatory change via its efforts to decarbonise electricity generation of the Group ’s industrial and 
commercial customers, including decarbonisation via renewable onsite g eneration (such as sola

---

stees 
which it believes to be deliverable, corporate activity by the Group which has a detrimental effect on the 
covenant supporting the Group’s UK pension schemes may r esult in the Pension Scheme Trustees and/or 
the UK Pensions Regulator seeking additional funding to the Group’s pension schemes to address 
requirements under UK pensions legislation. This could have an adverse effect on the Group’s business, 
financial flexibility, results of operations and overall financial condition. 
The Group’s business may be affected by the default of counterparties in respect of monies owed 
to the Group 
In the ordinary course of its operations, the Group is often owed significant amounts by its 
counterparties. In addition, the Group often holds large cash balances on deposit with financial institutions. 
There is a risk of a counterparty default, which may, among other things, reduce the Group’s cash flows. The 
Group’s policy to limit counterparty exposures by setting credit limits for each counterparty, where possible 
by reference to published credit ratings, cannot eliminate such exposure or absolutely mitigate such risk, and 
such a counterparty default may have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, results of operations 
and overall financial condition.  
The Group may also, from time to time, be owed amounts by its domestic and business retail customers 
which could result in financial losses. Recession, high inflation, high energy prices and the current unstable 
geopolitical and economic environment could lead to more of the Group’s customers in the domestic and 
business segments facing financial difficulty resulting in increased risk of default on their financial obligations 
and a corresponding impact on the Group’s bad debt provisions. 
Energy bills remain high by historic standards, and are exposed to the risk of further increases arising 
from geopolitical tensions. Collection performance in relation to customers who pay on receipt of bill remains 
noticeably worse than levels prior to th e energy crisis commencing in 2021, with some customers unable to 
pay their energy bills. This naturally exposes the Group to elevated levels of bad debt as some customers 
struggle to pay their bills. 
A significant number of defaults could also adversely affect the Group’s business, results of operations 
and financial condition. 
The Group may fail to identify and execute suitable acquisitions, investments and projects or 
may import new risks associated with them  
The Group’s success in acquiring or investing in suitable assets and rebalancing its asset portfolio may 
be limited by its ability to execute acquisitions and investments and deliver projects. Failure or delays to
19 
 
 
successfully acquire or invest in assets, or, in the case of projects, to meet construction budgets and 
schedules, to replace its declining asset businesses, may reduce the Group’s earnings diversification. An 
over-concentration or inappropriate balance in the Group’s portfolio may mean that a disruption in one asset 
or revenue stream in the Group’s portfolio may have a disproportionate impact on the Group as a whole.  
Although due diligence is conducted in respect of the Group’s acquisitions, investments and projects 
and the Group’s co-investors therein and integration planning is undertaken, there can be no assurance that 
economic interests taken in businesses or asset s will prove to be good investments, or that any acquired 
businesses will be successfully integrated into the Group, or that minority or joint investments in assets will 
be successfully managed by their majority or joint owners. Any of these factors could have a material adverse 
effect on the Group’s business, results of operations and overall financial condition.  
New acquisitions and investments may also import new risks into, or increase existing risks within, the 
Group. For example, the Group’s minority investment in the Sizewell C nuclear new -build power station 
exposes the Group to its proportionate share of ri sks arising from the construction of this power station and, 
following completion of construction, anticipated in the mid -to-late 2030s, the operational risks of the power 
station, including potential negative impacts on returns caused by construction dela ys and cost overruns 
(which are bounded by certain features of the RAB model and the government support package and 
contained by the nominal cap on the Group’s financial obligation to fund the project ) and more significant 
impacts from other risks that could potentially materialise (please see “The Group is exposed to risks 
associated with its interest in the existing ENGL nuclear fleet and its investment in the Sizewell C new nuclear 
project” for further information). For example, the Group’s acquisition, via its 50:50 joint venture with Energy 
Capital Partners (ECP), of the Isle of Grain LNG terminal exposes the Group to its proportionate share of 
risks arising from the maintenance of complex capital regulated assets and to risks associated with 
maintaining profitable relationships with key customers and other contra ct counterparties. Such risks could 
have a material adverse effect on the Group’s return on investments, which are weighed carefully in the 
balance with the rewards and returns expected from new acquisitions and investments. 
The Group is exposed to currency fluctuations 
The Group has cross -border operational exposure in euros, U.S. dollars, Danish krone, as well as 
other currencies. Operational and capital expenditure cash flows may also be in currencies other than 
Sterling, the Group’s reporting currency. The Group’s profitability may be adversely affected if the results and 
cash flows associated with these international operations fall or cash outflows rise because of currency 
fluctuations against Sterling. 
The Group has a policy to manage foreign exchange exposure and it is the Group’s policy to use 
hedging instruments to manage the impact of currency fluctuations. To the extent that any of the Group’s 
potential exposure remains unhedged, or such hedging is ineff

---

f assessing the market risks associated 
with the Notes are also described below. 
The Issuer believes that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent in investing in the 
Notes, but the Issuer may be unable to pay interest, principal or other amounts on or in connection with the 
Notes for other reasons, and the Is suer does not represent that the statements below regarding the risks of 
holding the Notes are exhaustive. Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out 
elsewhere in this Base Prospectus (including any documents incorporated by re ference herein) and reach 
their own views prior to making any investment decision. 
Unless otherwise defined, capitalised terms used herein have the meaning given to them in “Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes”. 
FACTORS THAT MAY AFFECT THE ISSUER’S ABILITY TO FULFIL ITS OBLIGATIONS UNDER OR IN 
CONNECTION WITH THE NOTES 
RISKS RELATED TO THE ISSUER’S FINANCIAL SITUATION 
The Group is exposed to financial loss due to volatility in commodity prices  
The Group’s financial performance is sensitive to the Group’s ability to manage exposure to volatile 
world energy markets, including wholesale commodity prices for natural gas, crude oil, oil products, carbon, 
power and liquefied natural gas (LNG).  
In the energy supply business, changes in commodity prices may require the Group to adjust prices 
for its energy and gas sales to customers, and to also consider the impact of any applicable contractual 
position, regulations or price caps (please see “Political, legal or regulatory intervention may have a negative 
impact on the Group's business and financial performance” for further information). The volatility in commodity 
prices, which is compounded by unstable demand due to changing weather conditions (p lease see “ The 
Group’s business may be affected by changes in weather conditions” for further information) may expose the 
Group to financial losses. In particular, the Group may need to unwind forward hedges it has put in place at 
a loss or purchase additional volumes at a price above the cap index, thereby potentially resulting in lo wer 
profitability. Failure to be able to respond to market conditions in a profitable way may cause customers to 
switch to competitors (please see “The Group operates in competitive markets” for further information).  
Returns from Centrica Power’s direct asset investments , such as the Severn  Combined-Cycle Gas 
Turbine (CCGT) in South Wales, also depend on the performance of capacity markets , wholesale markets  
and power ancillary services. Any deterioration in these markets could reduce revenues, margins and growth. 
The Whitegate CCGT in Ireland is exposed to similar dynamics, as will be the case for the flexible gas peaker 
plants currently under construction through its joint venture, Greener Ideas Limited .  
In contrast, the investment in the Sizewell C nuclear new -build power station will be largely insulated 
from commodity price fluctuations during its construction phase and early operations phase due to its 
regulated asset base (RAB) funding model, although during the full operational phase, which is not expected 
to commence until late 2030s, Sizewell C’s revenues from sales of electricity and its ability to attain the 
reference price which it is required to target under the RAB mode l may be affected by comm odity price 
fluctuations, with failure to attain the reference price leading to a bounded reduction in returns.  
Centrica’s investment in the Isle of Grain LNG terminal is exposed to movements in locational gas price 
spreads, which can influence the value of any uncontracted capacity. 
Commodity price movements can materially affect profit and loss through the impact on both revenue 
from asset production sales and the valuation of the long -term asset portfolio. Earnings of asset -based 
businesses, such as upstream (including power generation operations), may be impacted by the combination 
of volatility in commodity prices and outage risk. Commodity price volatility may have a negative impact on
16 
 
 
the business if the expected output has been sold in advance at a certain price and then needs to be bought 
back at a different price when there is an outage.  
Commodity exposure also arises within the Centrica Energy ( CE) business which provides risk 
management services and wholesale market access for the Group’s upstream, storage and power generation 
operations. The CE business also sources electricity and gas for the Group’s energy supply businesses, 
provides energy ris k management and optimisation services for third -party asset owners, and conducts 
physical and financial trading activities for energy commodities such as gas, power, environmental products 
and LNG. CE’s portfolio is subject to volatility in commodity prices, including in respect of arrangements which 
can also generate foreign exchange exposure.  
Commodity prices fluctuate based on many factors, most notably supply and demand in local and 
global markets as well as operational, technological, political, geopolitical (such as the Russia/Ukraine 
conflict, the conflict in Gaza, the US/Israel-Iran war, as well as wider hostilities in the Middle East and South 
China Sea), social and economic factors and actions by major commodity -producing countries. Commodity 
price risk also includes those arising from regulatory decisions such as the price of carbon cer tificates and 
other taxation measures relating to carbon emissions. Seasonal variations and, in the short-to-medium term, 
the uncertainty surrounding economic conditions, make it difficult to predict and plan for future energy 
demand. Prices of commodities can move independently from each other for long periods. Political and 
geopolitical factors may also trigger an expectation of, or actual disruptions in, supplies from affected regions, 
which may lead to severe and unpredictable price movements or changes  to the correlations of commodity 
prices.  
The external commodity price environment could also impact the Group’s longer -term strategy, future 
dividend

---

nd 
energy related services to households and businesses in the UK and the Republic of Ireland. In addition, the 
Group’s CE business provides energy risk management services for the Group, as well as a route-to-market 
for Centrica-owned energy assets and third-party owned energy assets, and is involved in trading a range of 
energy commodities across Europe and the US and LNG globally. The Issuer also owns and operates Rough, 
the UK’s largest gas storage facility, and owns a controlling 69 per cent. interest in the gas production 
business, Spirit Energy, a 50 per cent. interest in the Isle of Grain LNG terminal, a 20 per cent. interest in the 
UK’s operational nuclear fleet, and a 15 per cent. interest in SZC Holding, a major UK nuclear development 
project.  
The Issuer was listed in 1997 following a demerger from British Gas plc. The gas sales and trading, 
services and retail business of British Gas plc, together with the gas production business of the North and 
South Morecambe gas fields, were transferred to the Issuer, which maintains the British Gas retail brand. 
The Group at the time comprised British Gas Trading Limited, British Gas Services Limited, British Gas 
Energy Centres Limited and Accord Energy Limited, together with the Morecambe gas field product ion 
activities owned through Hydrocarbon Resources Limited and various other subsidiaries.  
Since 1997, the Group has made numerous acquisitions and disposals and has developed organically. 
In 2025, the Group had a total gross revenue from business performance of £22,365 million (as described on 
page 134 of the annual report of the Issuer for the year ended 31 December 2025 incorporated by reference 
in this Base Prospectus) and, as at 31 December 2025, employed approximately 22,000 people worldwide. 
The principal operations of the Group as at the date of this Base Prospectus are described briefly below. 
The Group’s Strategy and Structure 
Purpose and Strategy 
The Issuer is an integrated energy company operating in the retail, optimisation and infrastructure 
sectors. The Group’s strategy is to create value through the energy transition for all stakeholders, delivering 
the energy needed today and the energy secur ity, efficiency and decarbonisation needed for the future. 
Underpinning this is the Group’s purpose of energising a greener and fairer future for its colleagues, 
customers and communities. The Group is adopting a simple, focused approach to capitalise on t he growth 
opportunities presented by the energy transition centred on three key strategic value drivers:  
1. Operational excellence – Continuously improving to increase efficiency, reduce costs and enhance 
customer satisfaction 
2. Commercial innovation – Innovating to deliver compelling customer propositions and optimisation 
optionality 
3. Investing for value – Investing to make the Issuer a more predictable business, with strong returns 
across the integrated pillars of the Group 
The ability of the Issuer to deliver on this strategy is subject to a number of risks. Please see the section 
of this Base Prospectus entitled “Risk Factors” for further information. 
Group Structure 
The Group is divided into three segments: (1) the Retail segment; (2) the Optimisation segment; and 
(3) the Infrastructure segment. These segments, and their principal activities, are summarised further below. 
Retail  
In 2025, the Group’s Retail activities across the UK and the Republic of Ireland were organised into 
two divisions: Centrica Home, serving domestic customers, and Centrica Business, serving business 
customers.
108 
 
 
Centrica Home 
Centrica Home’s activities comprise energy supply and home services.  
Energy Supply  
Through the British Gas and Bord Gáis Energy brands, Centrica Home supplies electricity and gas to 
homes across the UK and the Republic of Ireland. British Gas’ energy supply business is powered by Ignition, 
an in-house digital platform for customer account management and billing. British Gas Energy is regulated 
by Ofgem and the majority of its domestic customers are dual fuel customers. Bord Gáis Energy is regulated 
by The Commission for Regulation of Utilities. As of 31 December 2025, Centrica Home had just under 8 
million home energy supply customers. 
Home Services 
Centrica Home’s home services businesses provide customers with installation, repair and 
maintenance of heating, plumbing and electrical appliances through the British Gas, Bord Gáis Energy and 
Dyno-Rod brands. Centrica Home also provides customers with decarbonisation and energy efficiency 
solutions through the Hive brand, including smart thermostats, electric vehicle chargers, air source heat 
pumps and rooftop solar. As of 31 December 2025,  Centrica Home had just under 3 million home services 
customers. British Gas Insurance Limited is an insurer which is authorised by the PRA and regulated by the 
FCA and the PRA to carry out certain regulated activities. Additionally, British Gas Services Limited is 
authorised and regulated by the FCA and sells predominan tly insurance-based service and repair products. 
The services provided include maintenance and repair contracts and on-demand services for central heating, 
plumbing and drains, home electrics and kitchen appliances. It owns the franchise business Dyno-Rod, a UK 
drain specialist, as well as its related plumbing business. 
Centrica Business 
Centrica Business’ activities comprise energy supply and low-carbon solutions for businesses.  
Energy Supply  
Through the British Gas Business and Bord Gáis Energy brands, Centrica Business supplies 
electricity and gas to businesses across the UK and the Republic of Ireland. As of 31 December 2025, 
Centrica Business had just under 750,000 business customer sites. 
Solutions 
Through the Centrica Business Solutions (CBS) brand, Centrica Business provides tailored low-carbon 
solutions such as energy management and on-site generation to help businesses in the UK, the Republic of 
Ireland and North America to reduce costs and emissions. In January 2026, Centrica Business dive sted the 
CBS activities it previously conducted i

---

heir affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuer routinely hedge their credit 
exposure to the Issuer consistent with their customary risk management policies. Typically, such Dealers and 
their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase 
of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including potentially Notes issued under 
the Programme. Any such positions could adversely affect future trading prices of Notes issued under the 
Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or publish o r 
express independent research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or 
recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments.
119 
 
 
REGISTERED OFFICE OF THE ISSUER 
Centrica plc 
Millstream 
Maidenhead Road 
Windsor 
Berkshire SL4 5GD 
 
TRUSTEE 
The Law Debenture Trust Corporation p.I.c. 
8th Floor 
100 Bishopsgate 
London EC2N 4AG 
 
PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT, REGISTRAR AND 
TRANSFER AGENT  
PAYING AGENT 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
Citibank Europe plc 
1 North Wall Quay  
Dublin 1 
Ireland  
 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuer 
Slaughter and May 
One Bunhill Row 
London EC1Y 8YY 
To the Dealers and the Trustee  
Allen Overy Shearman Sterling LLP 
One Bishops Square 
London E1 6AD 
AUDITORS 
Deloitte LLP 
1 New Street Square 
London EC4A 3BZ 
 
ARRANGER 
Barclays Bank PLC 
1 Churchill Place 
London E14 5HP 
DEALERS 
Banco Santander, S.A. 
Ciudad Grupo Santander 
Avenida de Cantabria s/n 
Edificio Encinar 
28660, Boadilla del Monte 
Madrid 
Spain 
 
 
 
Bank of China Limited, London Branch 
1 Lothbury 
London EC2R 7DB
120 
 
 
Barclays Bank PLC 
1 Churchill Place 
London E14 5HP 
BNP PARIBAS 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France 
 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
 
Goldman Sachs International 
Plumtree Court 
25 Shoe Lane 
London EC4A 4AU  
 
J.P. Morgan Securities plc 
25 Bank Street 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5JP 
 
Lloyds Bank Corporate Markets plc 
33 Old Broad Street 
London EC2N 1HZ 
Merrill Lynch International 
2 King Edward Street 
London EC1A 1HQ 
 
Mizuho International plc 
30 Old Bailey 
London EC4M 7AU 
MUFG Securities EMEA plc 
Ropemaker Place 
25 Ropemaker Street 
London EC2Y 9AJ  
 
NatWest Markets Plc 
250 Bishopsgate 
London EC2M 4AA  
 RBC Europe Limited 
100 Bishopsgate 
London EC2N 4AA  
 
SMBC Bank International plc 
100 Liverpool Street 
London EC2M 2AT 
Société Générale 
29, boulevard Haussmann 
75009 Paris 
France 
UBS AG London Branch 
5 Broadgate 
London EC2M 2QS