BETA Close X Centrica plc has announced the availability of its Notice of Annual General Meeting (AGM) for shareholders, following the digital release of its 2025 Annual Report and Accounts on February 19, 2026. The AGM will be held on Thursday, May 7, 2026, at 10:30 am at The Parkgate Hotel in Cardiff, with shareholders having the option to attend in person or remotely via a live webcast. The company has submitted copies of the Notice of AGM and Proxy Form to the Financial Conduct Authority, and they are available for inspection at the National Storage Mechanism. Disclaimer* Centrica PLC 31 March 2026 31 March 2026 Centrica plc (the Company) Notice of Annual General Meeting Notice of Availability Further to the digital release of the Company's 2025 Annual Report and Accounts on 19 February 2026, the Company confirms that the Notice of Annual General Meeting (AGM) will shortly be posted to shareholders who have elected to receive hard copies. The Notice of AGM has also been made available to shareholders today on the Company's website at centrica.com/agm26 . The 2025 Annual Report and Accounts continue to be available to view at centrica.com/ar25 . In accordance with Listing Rule 6.4.1, copies of the Notice of AGM and Proxy Form have been submitted to the Financial Conduct Authority and will shortly be available for inspection at the National Storage Mechanism (NSM) at https://data.fca.org.uk/#/nsm/nationalstoragemechanism . Annual General Meeting Arrangements The AGM will take place at 10.30 am on Thursday 7 May 2026 at The Parkgate Hotel, Westgate Street, Cardiff CF10 1DA. Shareholders will be able to attend and participate in the AGM in person or remotely via a live webcast facility. Shareholders can exercise their votes by submitting their Proxy Forms either electronically or by post. Full details are available in the Notice of AGM. Shareholders intending to attend the AGM in person are encouraged to check Centrica's website before finalising any travel arrangements for the latest information and in case of any update or changes to the plans for the AGM. ENDS Enquiries: Investors and Analysts E: ir@centrica.com Media E: media@centrica.com Centrica plc is listed on the London Stock Exchange (CNA) Registered Office: Millstream, Maidenhead Road, Windsor, Berkshire SL4 5GD Registered in England & Wales number: 3033654 Legal Entity Identifier number: E26EDV109X6EEPBKVH76 ISIN number: GB00B033F229 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Centrica (CNA) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 53 minutes ago Taseko Mines Limited NPV (DI) 53 minutes ago Taseko Mines Limited NPV (DI) 53 minutes ago Xeros Technology Group 53 minutes ago Plus500 Ltd (DI) 53 minutes ago Capital for Colleagues plc All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and