BETA Close X Centrica plc has published its Annual Report for the year ended 31 December 2025, making it available on the company's website and the National Storage Mechanism. The report contains the full text of regulated information as required by the FCA's Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rule 6.3.5(1A). Further details regarding the company's financial statements and significant events from the 2025 financial year were previously disclosed in the preliminary results announcement released on 19 February 2026. Disclaimer* Centrica PLC 19 February 2026 19 February 2026 Centrica plc (the Company) 2025 Annual Report and Accounts Centrica has today published its Annual Report for the year ended 31 December 2025 (2025 Annual Report) on the Company's website. The 2025 Annual Report is available at https://www.centrica.com/ar25 . In compliance with UK Listing Rule 6.4.1 of the UK Financial Conduct Authority (FCA), the 2025 Annual Report has been submitted to the National Storage Mechanism and will shortly be available for inspection at https://data.fca.org.uk/#/nsm/nationalstoragemechanism . In accordance with the FCA's Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rule (DTR) 6.3.5(1A) the regulated information required under DTR 6.3.5 is available in unedited full text within the 2025 Annual Report as uploaded and available on the National Storage Mechanism and on the Company's website as noted above. Additional information A condensed set of the Company's financial statements and information on important events that have occurred during the 2025 financial year and their impact on the financial statements were included in the preliminary results announcement released at 7am on 19 February 2026. The preliminary results announcement can be found at: 2025 Preliminary Results | Centrica plc . ENDS Enquiries: Investors and Analysts E: ir@centrica.com Media T: 01784 843000 E: media@centrica.com Centrica plc is listed on the London Stock Exchange (CNA) Registered Office: Millstream, Maidenhead Road, Windsor, Berkshire SL4 5GD Registered in England & Wales number: 3033654 Legal Entity Identifier number: E26EDV109X6EEPBKVH76 ISIN number: GB00B033F229 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Centrica (CNA) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 52 minutes ago Taseko Mines Limited NPV (DI) 52 minutes ago Taseko Mines Limited NPV (DI) 52 minutes ago Xeros Technology Group 52 minutes ago Plus500 Ltd (DI) 53 minutes ago Capital for Colleagues plc All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and