BETA Close X Centrica plc has acquired the Severn Combined-Cycle Gas Turbine power station for approximately £370 million, increasing its flexible generation portfolio to 4GW. The 850MW Severn plant, commissioned in 2010, is a highly efficient UK CCGT capable of providing flexible power generation and system services, with expected average capacity market payments of £35 million annually until 2030 and annual EBITDA of £30-£60 million from 2027. This acquisition, funded by existing cash resources, is expected to be EPS accretive from the first full year post-completion and aligns with Centrica's financial framework, with capital investment in 2026 projected at around £1.1 billion. Disclaimer* Centrica PLC 07 May 2026 Centrica plc 7 May 2026 Acquisition of the Severn CCGT for c.£370 million Centrica plc (the "Company", "Centrica") today announces the completion of a significant addition to its flexible generation portfolio with the acquisition 1 of the Severn Combined-Cycle Gas Turbine ("CCGT") power station ("Severn") from the Calon Energy Group for an enterprise value of approximately £370 million, increasing the Centrica Power portfolio to 4GW, including 1GW of assets currently in planning and construction. Commissioned in Q4 2010 with an operating capacity of 850MW 2 , Severn is one of the most efficient CCGTs in the UK, located in South Wales. It is one of a small number of strategic UK CCGTs capable of delivering flexible power generation at scale. Severn's scale and flexibility allows it to capture a diverse range of revenue streams, including the capacity market, provision of critical system services to the National Energy System Operator and the sale of power to the wholesale market. Severn is strategically positioned near growing sources of power demand, including data centre developments in South Wales, supporting long term utilisation and revenue visibility. Severn is expected to deliver average capacity market payments of £35 million p.a. until 2030, and annual EBITDA of £30 - £60 million from 2027, with EPS accretion from the first full year following completion 3 . Natural gas fired generation will continue to play a critical role in maintaining system stability through the UK's energy transition, providing firm and dispatchable power and ensuring security of supply. Severn represents an excellent fit with Centrica's current portfolio and strategy, building on Centrica Energy's existing role managing the plant's route to market, offering the scope to deliver incremental returns through optimisation, and underpinned by supportive market dynamics. Chris O'Shea, Group Chief Executive of Centrica plc, said: " We are delighted to add the Severn power station and its talented team to Centrica, which brings our total UK and Ireland electricity generation capacity in planning, construction and operation to 4GW. The importance of reliable, flexible generation to balance the system continues to increase, keeping energy supplies secure and affordable as the energy transition progresses. Severn will play an important role in supporting that journey. With the delivery of replacement capacity being impacted by grid access, rising costs and supply chain constraints, alongside the closure of aging gas assets towards the end of the decade, the need for assets like Severn will increase. "Severn is a high ‑ quality asset that strengthens our ability to deliver the dependable power both our customers and our host countries rely upon. With our substantial experience operating critical energy infrastructure, we're confident we can maximise long ‑ term value - supporting energy security, driving attractive returns, and creating real benefits for households, businesses and our shareholders." The acquisition of Severn is aligned to Centrica's rigorous financial framework and capital allocation policy, with a further £0.4 billion now committed since our 2025 preliminary results announcement to the Company's investment programme. Accordingly, capital investment in 2026 is expected to be around £1.1 billion. Centrica will fund the acquisition of Severn entirely from existing cash resources, on a cash-free, debt-free basis. Notes: 1. Through the acquisition of Severn Power Limited from Severn Power Holdings Limited. 2. 2 x 425MW units. 3. A small net loss is expected in 2026 due to transaction and integration costs, alongside naturally lower revenues in the summer months. Enquiries: Centrica Investors and Analysts: email: ir@centrica.com Media: email: media@centrica.com tel: +44 (0) 1784 843000 Citigroup Global Markets Limited is acting as exclusive financial advisor. Slaughter and May is acting as lead legal adviser to Centrica, with Freeths acting as co-counsel. Citigroup Global Markets Limited ("Citi"), which is authorised by the Prudential Regulatory Authority and regulated in the UK by the Financial Conduct Authority and the Prudential Regulatory Authority, is acting exclusively as financial adviser to Centrica and for no one else in connection to the matters described in this announcement, and will not be responsible to anyone other than Centrica for providing the protections afforded to its clients or for providing advice in relation to the matters referred to in this announcement. Neither Citi, nor any of its affiliates, directors or employees owes or accepts any duty, liability or responsibility whatsoever (whether direct or indirect, whether in contract, in tort, under statute or otherwise) to any person who is not a client of Citi in connection with this announcement, any statement contained herein, the matters described in this announcement or otherwise. END Centrica plc is listed on the London Stock Exchange (CNA) Registered Office: Millstream, Maidenhead Road, Windsor, Berkshire SL4 5GD Registered in England & Wales number: 3033654 Legal Entity Identifier number: E26EDV109X6EEPBKVH76 ISIN number: GB00B033F229 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Centrica (CNA) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 14 hours ago CloudCoco Group 14 hours ago Petrotal Corporation NPV (DI) 14 hours ago Integrated Diagnostics Holdings 15 hours ago Inchcape 15 hours ago PZ Cussons All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and