Across The Markets: ITM Power, Centrica, Workspace 2026-04-17 09:01:41 (3 months ago) Related Companies: Centrica (CNA) , ITM Power (ITM) , Workspace Group (WKP) Workspace The flexible office rental business Workspace issued a Q4 business update this morning which made challenging reading for investors. The FTSE-250 listed company arguably acts as a barometer for wider business sentiment and that was laid out with the fact that letting numbers were similar to the comparative, but rental values were around 20% lower. The company is also disposing of low conviction assets to strengthen its financial position and whilst this is on track, the impact on yield is going to take a toll in FY27, along with a range of other pressures including inflation and rising interest costs. As a result, the Workspace share price was down 15% in early trade. ITM Power The hydrogen generation specialists ITM issued an update this morning announcing that the company was partnering with Rhinemetall to develop a decentralised network of hydrogen plants to support NATO across Europe. The first phase of the collaboration will be in the UK but the alignment of energy transition with national security feels particularly pertinent at this time – something that investors have clearly been getting on board with this morning, too. Shortly after the open and the ITM share price is up 34%, taking YTD gains to almost 100%. Centrica Losses for power generation companies were seen this morning following yesterday’s news that the government was to scrap the Carbon Price Support tax which was designed to push coal power stations offline. With this objective now complete – and energy prices spiralling – the move gives something back to consumers but some are suggesting that the accompanying fall in wholesale electricity prices will drag on producers. Whilst Greencoat UK Wind highlighted this in a regulatory filing this morning, it was the Centrica share price that stood out, falling 5% by 9am. Most read news on Investegate this morning Strategic collaboration with Rheinmetall - - ITM Power (ITM) £5 Million Institutional Placing - - Quantum Helium Limited (QHE) Operational Update - - Premier African Minerals Ltd (PREM) Disclaimer: This information does not constitute investment advice, nor does it necessarily reflect the views and opinions of Investegate. If in doubt consult a financial professional. Other Across the Markets Posts Across The Markets: ASOS, CMC Markets, Associated British Foods 01-07-2026 (1 month ago) Related Companies: ASOS (ASC) , Associated British Foods (ABF) , CMC Markets (CMCX) CMC Markets surges as trading update bolsters institutional outlook and ASOS finds investor support from asset disposal in the US but Associated British Foods slumps as ingredients division shows weakness. Across The Markets: Celsius Resources, Barratt Redrow, IWG 30-06-2026 (1 month ago) Related Companies: Barratt Redrow (BTRW) , Celsius Resources Limited (DI) (CLA) , IWG (IWG) Housebuilders turn lower as class action law suit over price fixing emerges, but IWG jumps on extended share buyback news and small cap Celsius Resources advances on asset disposal plans. Across The Markets: Eco Atlantic, Bridgepoint, BT Group 29-06-2026 (1 month ago) Related Companies: BT Group (BT.A) , Eco (Atlantic) Oil & Gas NPV (DI) (ECO) , Bridgepoint Group (Reg S) (BPT) BT Group sees modest gains off JV announcement with Verizon, Bridgepoint adds after acquisition news is well received and Eco Atlantic also finds cheer as farm out agreement gets government approvals. Across The Markets: Wise, Guardian Metals, Barratt Redrow 26-06-2026 (1 month ago) Related Companies: Barratt Redrow (BTRW) , Wise Class A (WISE) , Guardian Metal Resources plc (GMET) Barratt Redrow tops off week of gains with new CEO arrival date confirmed, Wise sees FY numbers at top end of estimates and Guardian Metals finds support ahead of next week’s feasibility study release. Across The market: 3i Group, Moonpig, easyJet 25-06-2026 (1 month ago) Related Companies: easyJet (EZJ) , 3i Group (III) , Moonpig Group (MOON) easyJet makes further gains as management offer an olive branch to suitor Castlelake, Moonpig surges on outperformance and buyback news, whilst 3i also reacts well to pre-AGM portfolio update. UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 53 minutes ago Taseko Mines Limited NPV (DI) 53 minutes ago Taseko Mines Limited NPV (DI) 53 minutes ago Xeros Technology Group 53 minutes ago Plus500 Ltd (DI) 53 minutes ago Capital for Colleagues plc All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and