BETA Close X Centrica plc has announced the completion of the disposal of several non-core energy solutions businesses, including its Italian and Dutch operations to Joulz and its Hungarian business via a management buyout, alongside the sale of Panoramic Power, generating total proceeds exceeding £80 million. This strategic divestment allows Centrica to focus resources on its core growth and innovation priorities within Centrica Business, recycling capital from non-core assets into new investment opportunities such as Sizewell C and Grain LNG. Disclaimer* Centrica PLC 09 February 2026 9 February 2026 Centrica plc ('Centrica' or 'the Company') Centrica Announces Sale of European Energy Solutions Businesses and Panoramic Power Centrica announces that it has completed the disposal of a number of non-core energy solutions businesses. The energy solutions businesses in Italy and the Netherlands have been sold to Joulz, a 3i Infrastructure portfolio company, and the Hungarian business has been disposed of via a management buyout. The Company has also finalised the sale of Panoramic Power. Total proceeds from the transactions are over £80 million. Chris O'Shea, Group Chief Executive of Centrica , said: "These transactions reflect a strategic decision to focus our resources on Centrica Business's core growth and innovation priorities which will better position the business to pursue new opportunities and accelerate growth in key markets. "Building on our recent sales from Spirit Energy, these transactions demonstrate Centrica's commitment to recycling capital from non-core assets into new investment opportunities across the group, including long-term regulated and contracted assets such as Sizewell C and Grain LNG." ENDS Enquiries: Investors and Analysts E: ir@centrica.com Media T: 01784 843000 E: media@centrica.com Centrica plc is listed on the London Stock Exchange (CNA) Registered Office: Millstream, Maidenhead Road, Windsor, Berkshire SL4 5GD Registered in England & Wales number: 3033654 Legal Entity Identifier number: E26EDV109X6EEPBKVH76 ISIN number: GB00B033F229 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Centrica (CNA) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 47 minutes ago Greatland Gold 1 hour ago Audioboom Group 14 hours ago Legal & General Group 16 hours ago Senior 16 hours ago Helios Underwriting All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and