Disclaimer* Centrica PLC 01 October 2026 1 October 2026 Centrica plc Completion of Cygnus, Greater Markham Area and Southern North Sea interests sale Centrica plc is pleased to announce that Spirit Energy has completed the sale 1 of its remaining 15% interest in the Cygnus gas field, and all other producing assets in the Greater Markham Area and Southern North Sea, to Serica Energy plc for final consideration of £33 million and the transfer of £44 million of decommissioning liabilities. With completion of the transaction, the Morecambe Hub is now Spirit Energy's principal producing asset, with total retained reserves of 9 mmboe 2 . Spirit Energy's primary focus will remain on maximising value from Morecambe whilst progressing the Morecambe Net Zero carbon storage project, alongside safely and efficiently decommissioning its facilities and wells with minimum environmental impact. Enquiries: Investors and Analysts: email: ir@centrica.com Media: email: media@centrica.com tel: +44 (0)1784 843000 Notes: 1. Transaction initially announced 16 th December 2025. 2. As at 31 December 2025. Centrica plc is listed on the London Stock Exchange (CNA) Registered Office: Millstream, Maidenhead Road, Windsor, Berkshire SL4 5GD Registered in England & Wales number: 3033654 Legal Entity Identifier number: E26EDV109X6EEPBKVH76 ISIN number: GB00B033F229 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Centrica (CNA) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 day ago Legal & General Group 1 day ago Trustpilot Group 1 day ago Rio Tinto 1 day ago Trustpilot Group 1 day ago Ruffer Investment Company Ltd Red PTG Pref Shares All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and