centrica

ENERGISING
A GREENER,
FAIRER FUTURE

*ADS7GRHL*

fame

1
P,

INSIDE THIS REPORT

Strategic Report

1 Group Highlights

2 Centrica At A Glance

4 Chair's Statement

6 — Group Chief Executive's Statement

9 — Our Purpose, Culture and Values

10 Business Model and Strategic Framework
12 Market Trends

13° Macro Trends

14 Our Stakeholders and s172 statement
18 Group Chief Financial Officer's Report
22 Our View on Taxation

23 Business Review

26 Key Performance Indicators

28 Our Principal Risks and Uncertainties
35 Assessment of Viability

38 Group Chief People Officer's Report
41 People and Planet

Governance
87 Directors’ and Corporate
Governance Report

Financial Statements

114
127

Independent Auditor's Report
Group Income Statement

59 Board of Directors 128 Group Statement of Comprehensive
64 — Corporate Governance Statement Income
72 ~ Audit and Plsk Comrittes 129° Group Statement of Changes in Equity
79 =Nominations Committee 130 Group Balance Sheet
82 Safety, Environment and Sustainability 91 Group Cash Flow Statement
Committee 192 Notes to the Financial Statements

84 —Remuneration Report 229 Company Financial Statements

241 Gas and Liquids Reserves (Unaudited)

110 Other Statutory information

242 Five Year Summary (Unaudited)

Other Information
243. Shareholder Information
244 Additional Information

— Explanatory Notes (Unaudited)
249 People and Planet

~ Performance Measures

46 — Non-Financial and Sustainability
Information Statement 252 Glossary
47 = Task Force on Climate-Related Financial
Disclosures
READ MORE ABOUT
OUR COMPANY OUR PROGRESS OUR FINANCIAL OUR PEOPLE OUR GOVERNANCE
IN 2023 PERFORMANCE
READ MORE ON READ MORE ON READ MORE ON READ MORE ON @ READ MORE ON
PAGES 4 to 5 PAGES 6 to 8 PAGES 18 to 21 PAGES 38 to 40 PAGES 57 to 58

'WWW.CENTRICA.COM

Unless otherwise stated, all references to the Company shall mean Centrica ple (registered in England
‘and Wales No. 3033654); and references to the Group shall mean Centrica pic and al ofits subsidiary
undertakings and equity-accounted associate/joint venture undertakings; and references to operating
profit or loss, taxation, cash flow, earings and eamings per share throughout the Strategic Report are
‘adjusted figures, reconciled to their statutory equivalents in the Group Chief Financial Officer's Report on
pages 18 to 21. See also notes 2, 4 and 10 to the Financial Statements on pages 134 to 135, 143 to 149
‘and 160 for further details of these adjusted performance measures. In addition see pages 244 to 248
{or an explanation and reconciliation of other adjusted performance measures used within the
document. This Annual Report and Accounts does not offer investment advice, and does contain
forward-looking statements. The Disclaimer relating to this Annual Report and Accounts is included on
page 253.

GROUP HIGHLIGHTS

We reported another strong financial result in 2023,

against a backdrop of continued elevated commodity

prices and volatility for much of the year. We’ve also
been focused on improving colleague engagement
and operational performance, resulting in improved

customer outcomes as we look to underpin customer

retention, growth and long-term profit sustainability.

"Gevemenes) Fesncl Stoner)

GROUP OPERATIONAL METRICS

British Gas Services & Solutions - Services.
Engineer Net Promoter Score (NPS)"”

2023 +71
2022 +64

GROUP FINANCIAL METRICS (YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2023)

£6,512m =

£2,752m =

Total recordable injury frequency rate
(per 200,000 hours worked)

2023 0.84
2022 112

Group statutory operating profit/loss)

2022

70.6p =

Group adjusted operating profit

33.4p =

Colleague engagement™

2023 77
2022 74

Group statutory basic EPS

2022

£2,752m °**

Group adjusted basic EPS

2022

£2,207m **”

Total greenhouse gas emissions (tC0,¢)™

1,681,475!
2,009,885"

Group statutory net cash flow from
‘operating activities

2022

£2,744m “=

Group free cash flow from continuing
operations

2022

4.0p “

Adjusted net cash

T Included in ONV Business Assurance Services UK Limited (ONV)'s independent limited
assurance engagement. See page 249 or centrica.com/assurance for more.
(1) Measured independently, through individual questionnaires, the customer's willingness,

to recommend British Gas following a gas engineer visit.

(2) Colleague engagement methodology has changed from percentage favourable to an
average score out of 10, measuring how colleagues feel about the Company.
(3) Comprises scope 1 and 2 emissions as defined by the Greenhouse Gas Protocol.

(4) Restated due to availability of improved data.

(6) 2022 comparator as reported. Excluding disposed Spirit Energy Norway assets 2022,
adjusted operating profit was £2,823m and adjusted EPS was 34.2p.

Full year dividend per share

Strategic report | Cenirica pic Annual Report and Accounts 2023 1

CENTRICA AT A GLANCE

We are unique amongst energy companies in the
UK and Ireland, operating across the energy value
chain through our distinct, but complementary
businesses. Our Purpose is to energise a greener,
fairer future as we journey towards net zero for our
customers and Centrica.

4 OUR STRATEGY

OUR PURPOSE,
CULTURE AND AND BUSINE
VALUES MODEL > ss

Our Purpose is - ‘energising

RETAIL.

a greener, fairer future’. Our MAINTAINING Focused on providing
culture and values remain A BALANCED leading customer service
firmly embedded in who we PORTFOLIO and experience, helping
are and guide everything THROU IE customers to save money
we do. TRANSITION and decarbonise through

READ MORE ON PAGE 9

fo}
PTimisatio’

Governance | Centrica plc Annual Report and Accounts 2023

innovative offerings.

OPTIMISATION
Supporting the responsible
buying and selling of
energy, managing risk
across our business and
accessing value from green
generation in our trading
business while continuing
to build out the flexibility
required for the future
energy system.

INFRASTRUCTURE
Investing to build a low
carbon, reliable energy
system including power
generating renewables,
flexible peaking generation
and energy storage
through batteries and
geological storage.

READ MORE ON PAGE 10

Reovnance) Frmeni Satan)

WHAT SETS CENTRICA APART AS AN
INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY?

Centrica is a uniquely 21,000 7,000 7,200
integrated energy company 3 Ld ;
operating primarily in the UK Colaagues worldwide Engineers

and Ireland. We aim to deliver Top 50 1 3.0GW

long-term value for investors

Volunteering days

by driving and leading the ee one. A ee
energy transition through our Equality management
distinct, but complementary

businesses.

OUR BUSINESS UNITS

RETAIL

0

Briish Gas has been supplying energy to British Energy supply, servioes and solutions for residential Our team of around 7,000 engineers provide

homes and businesses for over Zoo years. and business customers in the Republic of Ireland, customers with repairs, home mprovements,

In British Gas Energy, we are strengthening our. ~—-Bord Gais Energy is creating value from its maintenance and heating installations.

operations to drive innovation, retention and better integrated model, investing in the future energy British Gas Services & Solutions has

‘customer outcomes, to underpin long-term profit ‘system to help underpin energy security and significantly improved operations in service and

sustainabilty <decarbonisation in ireland. repair, whilst diving growth in on-demand and
heating insta.

IPTIMISATION INFRASTRUCTURE

Agilobal energy trading Energy Oil and gas production from ‘A 20% interest in the UK's: The owner and operator of
‘company which helps move existing UK assets fueling portfolio of existing nuclear ‘Rough, the UK's largest gas
energy from source to.use, _usinesses, building and homes and business across. power stations. storage fecy, hang
operating a portoso of the UK and Europe. in Centrica Nuclear, ‘manage seasonal dernand
ferdle assers. Spirit Energy was awarded we extended the Ives of and energy secu
Centrica Business carbon storage licence for _ existing nuclear power Centrica Energy Storage+
Solutions is focused on (Morecambe Bay, which has has increased the capacity
customer service and the potential to be one of the at Rough to S4bcf and
delveringimproved margins _Ux'slargest carbon storage Continues to explore is role,
inenergy supply wile hubs. in the future of rycrogen.
bulding outs asset
portfolio.

(}) Included within Retail and Infrastructure. Read more on page 10.

OUR PEOPLE & PLANET PLAN

SUPPORTING COMMUNITIES, OUR PLANET AND EACH OTHER

ur People & Planet Plan aims to create a more inclusive and sustainable future — from being a net zero
business by 2045 and helping our customers be net zero by 2050, to creating the diverse and inclusive
team we need to get there and contributing to the communities we're ail part of.
READ MORE ABOUT OUR PEOPLE & PLANET PLAN ON PAGE 41
(@ READ MORE ABOUT OUR APPROACH AND OUR JOURNEY TO NET ZERO AT CENTRICA.COM/PEOPLEANDPLANET

Strategic report | Cenirica plc Annual Report and Accounts 2023 3

CHAIR’S STATEMENT

Scott Wheway | Chair

Centrica occupies a unique place in the energy
market. It is a place | am very proud that we
occupy. We are a lynchpin of stability in a market
that for the last few years has been in turmoil.

This instability in energy markets has largely
been caused by global conflicts, and these
conflicts look set to continue. Whilst we
cannot control this, we are acutely aware of
the impact that price fluctuations have on ail
‘our customers.

While other suppliers in the UK have collapsed
due to the volatility and uncertainty in the
market, we have not only stepped in to
‘support their customers but actually improved
our resilience and business model to ensure
we can be there for all of our customers, old
and new. You can read more about this in the
“Business Mode!’ section on page 10.

Itis this resilience that means we can add
value across the entire energy value chain. We
are integrated in a way that differentiates us
from our competitors. This is important in
itself; our business model is built on each part
of Centrica supporting the others, but it has
also been important for ensuring we can

support those who are struggling most during
the crisis. | am very pleased with what we
have achieved in 2023.

OUR PERFORMANCE

When | became Chair of the Board in 2020
the business was in a very different position.
Over the last few years, we have been going
through a turnaround process and can now
say the vast majority of that is complete. We
can see the impact of the turnaround in the
strong performance of the business.

I believe people have started to appreciate the
quality of the Company we have here. We
have a resilient balance sheet, good or
improving retums across business units, and
we have a clear plan for the future. We have
shown that the way our business fits together
really compounds the overall value of it.

A strong Centrica is vital for the customers
who rely on us every day and is good for our

4 Strategic report | Centrica plc Annual Report and Accounts 2023

shareholders. Our performance has allowed
us to resume and grow our dividend, whilst
remaining prudent, and we have also retuned
capital to shareholders through our share
repurchases. These actions reflect the Board's
confidence in the strength of Centrica and its
ability to deliver.

OUR SUPPORT FOR CUSTOMERS

Our performance matters to our shareholders
~ including those thousands of private retail
shareholders of whom many were the original
'Sids' who bought shares during the
privatisation of British Gas in the 1980s. It also
matters to our customers. It is only because
we are in such a strong, resilient position

that we can go above and beyond for our
customers.

In 2023 we brought our total commitment to
helping customers since the start of 2022 to
£140 million, we hired 700 more UK-based
colleagues to support customers over winter
and into the future, and net promoter scores in
our Retail businesses have been improving.

The way the price cap is structured means
that if customers don't pay their bills, costs are
added to the bills of all other customers. We
will continue to strive to find the right balance
between supporting those in difficulty whilst
keeping bills as low as possible for ail our
customers.

This work shows leadership and it is
something we can be proud of, Leadership
also means responding responsibly when
something goes wrong.

Early in 2023 it was brought to our attention
that the supplier we worked with to install
prepayment meters under warrant had, in
some instances, not been showing our
customers empathy and respect. This is a
complex area, and the business took swift
action to investigate and report publicly on the
findings.

Our in-depth investigation highlighted some
issues in the installation of prepayment
meters. However, whilst these were not
systemic, we take the view that even one
failure, is one too many. Chris O'Shea and his
team showed leadership and humility in
investigating the issues and putting them right.
Centrica takes pride in the fact that we do
more to support customers that are in financial
Gifficutties than anyone else in the markets we
serve and we will always strive to do the right
thing by our customers.

OUR CONTRIBUTION TO ENERGY
SECURITY

Security of supply has climbed in importance
over the last two years and is likely to remain
important as long as global conflicts continue.
Our performance has meant we could take a
leading role in this area. | know the team at
Centrica are hugely proud of the contribution
we've made to energy security in the UK

and Ireland.

Over 2023 we've expanded the capacity of
the Rough storage field, improving the UK's
gas storage levels. However, the capacity of
the storage field at Rough is unlikely to be
expanded further without the certainty of a
regulatory model that would undemin a very
significant investment for the future. Our
colleagues in Centrica Energy have also
played a pivotal role in securing Liquified
Natural Gas (LNG) through multi-billion-dollar
deals, including a new deal with Delfin
Midstream in the US that will enhance energy
‘security for the customers we serve.

OUR FUTURE

‘Alongside our Interim Results in July 2023,
Chris and the Centrica Leadership Team
presented our new, Green Focused
Investment Strategy. We announced that
Centrica intends to invest between £600m
and £800m a year over the next five years
primarily in seourity of supply and flexibility,
renewable generation, and our customers. We
also gave guidance on our expected range of
annual operating profit in our Retail and
Optimisation businesses and provided clarity
‘ona new financial framework, including our
Progressive dividend policy.

Centrica's direction was already clear to our
investors and our wider stakeholders, but the
July update provided a clear overview of the
approach Centrica wil take in the future. I'm
glad the update was received positively by the
market.

1am excited to see what Centrica can
accomplish in the coming years and | want to
take this opportunity to assure our
shareholders that your Board will be prudent
‘custodians of your money.

OUR SUPPORT FOR NET ZERO

Our Green Focused Investment Strategy will
also mean that Centrica is playing its part to
underpin the energy transition.

We are unequivocal in our support for net
zero. We believe it is an opportunity for the.UK
and Ireland and we will continue to feed into
live discussions with our valuable experience
of energy markets. Gas is likely to continue to
be a transition fuel for some time, and your
Board is acutely aware that we have a
responsibility to ensure that energy is
affordable for everyone through the transition.

Last year | said that to meet net zero a
combination of technologies will be required,
and that these technologies would create
opportunities for companies with strong
balance sheets, flexible business models and
detailed knowledge of markets. This year, it is
my belief that we have cemented our position
as one of those companies.

We are one of the largest heat pump installers
in the UK's emerging heat pump market, we
are leading on hydrogen innovation across the
UK and Ireland, and our strategy shows the
scale of our ambitions in renewables. Our
commitment is not merely words, it can be
‘seen in our actions.

OUR COLLEAGUES

None of this would be possible without the
fantastic work of our colleagues. It is a great
source of pride for me that Centrica continues
to grow and that we continue to show
leadership in the areas people care. about,
such as our Carers Leave Policy.

‘Over the course of 2023 we have seen the
engagement of our colleagues increase, no
doubt due to the supportive culture that Chris
and Centrica’s Leadership Team have
nurtured in the business. | was also very
happy to see the continuation of our Shadow
Board initiative. It is absolutely right that a
representative group of our colleagues should
have the opportunity to share their views on
the management decisions that impact them.

Of course, we have also welcomed new
employees to the business this year and |
welcome all of them, not least the 700
Permanent employees that were hired in time

to support our customers over the winter. | am

also delighted to welcome Russell O'Brien to
Centrica on his appointment as Group Chief
Financial Officer and Executive Director in
March 2023, and Philippe Boisseau who was
appointed to the Board as a Non-Executive
Director in September 2023.

Financial Statomnents

GEEED Gees

Towards the end of the year, we were also
very pleased to announce the appointments of
Jo Harlow and Sue Whalley as Non-Executive
Directors. They bring an exciting mix of
‘experience to our Board, and | know their
contribution to the Remuneration Committee
and Nominations Committee will be highly
valued.

Thank you to all colleagues across Centrica for
your contribution in 2023.

SUMMARY

This year Centrica has taken significant steps
forward on performance, on delivering the
things that people care about and on showing
where our future lies. We are never satisfied
and there is still work to do, but | hope our
stakeholders across society can see a
company that cares about what it does and
makes a significant contribution to the UK's
energy system.

11am confident that our capabilities, our
resilience, and our determination will deliver
great things in 2024, and | look forward to
reporting on our progress next year.

Scott Wheway, Chair

14 February 2024

Strategic report | Centrica plc Annual Report and Accounts 2023 5

GROUP CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S

STATEMENT

Chris O'Shea | Group Chief Executive

| am increasingly coming to the conclusion that the
speed with which things seem to change is now
simply indicative of the world we live in. The news
cycle has shortened, the urgency with which things
need to happen has increased, and the pace at
which we are moving in our quest to make your
Company the best is as fast as I’ve seen it in my
five and a half years at Centrica.

Despite that pace of change, | stand by the
statement I made in last year's report. | said:

“ My belief is that climate change is the
biggest single threat facing civilisation
today, and net zero is the biggest single
opportunity we have at Centrica.
Climate change is real, it's here, and
it’s impacting lives across the planet.
Transforming how we generate, store
and use energy can make a huge
difference to reducing the warming of
our planet. Longer term, if the net zero
transition is thoughtful and targeted,

it can keep prices stable for customers
and drive economic growth, especially
for those companies and countries at
the forefront of the transition.”

As | write at the end of 2023, | am even more
convinced that this is the case, Your
Company is incredibly well placed to both
drive forward, and benefit from, the energy
transition. This will require a relentless focus on
performance and continuous improvement,
and disciplined but bold capital allocation to
ensure we have a portfolio of investments
across a mix of technologies. We have a lot to
play for.

| believe we get more right than we get wrong,
but the real test of character is how you
respond when things go wrong. It's my view
that we need to put things right when this
happens, and we need to learn from our
experience.

Sadly, we saw an example of getting it wrong
early in 2023 when a report highlighted some
of our contractors were not treating our
customers with the respect they deserved

6 Strategic report | Centrica plc Annual Report ancl Accounts 2023

when installing prepayment meters under
warrant. We immediately apologised, we
suspended the installation of prepayment
meters under warrant, and we launched an
investigation overseen by an independent third
party. Whilst our investigation found no wide-
ranging problems with our systems and
processes, it did highlight some isolated
instances that fell short of the high standards
of behaviour that we expect when engaging
with customers. As a result, we have brought
all such activity ‘in house’ (as opposed to
using contractors) and have spent the past
year ensuring our policies, procedures and
practices are updated and that our colleagues
are fully trained in these areas. We also
contributed to the development of new
industry rules to protect vulnerable customers.
At the time of writing, we have not yet
restarted the installation of prepayment meters
under warrant. However, we may choose to
do so in the future, as, done properly, they are
an effective tool both in helping customers
manage their costs and in helping energy
companies manage bad debts, which is even
more important as people struggle with the
cost of living. This is important because under
the price cap, those who pay for their energy
ultimately end up paying for those who
choose not to pay, and we don't think

that’s right.

However, we are not sitting on our hands
waiting for others to solve the problem of
people who can't pay for their energy. We
have taken decisive steps to support
consumers who are facing hardship and
we've done more than any other UK energy
company. Since 2022, we have committed
£140 million to support customers struggling
with their energy bills in the UK and Ireland,
which is on top of around £400 milion of
contributions we are required to make each
year. It is a huge amount of money but our
customers are at the heart of everything we
do, and we must support them when they're
in need. Unfortunately it cannot address all of
the issues our customers face today because
these are not limited to energy costs - people
are struggling to pay their mortgage or rent,
their council tax, their food costs, and so
much more. This is a societal issue which
requires a societal response.

We have been vocal in our calls for regulatory
reform, both in terms of how energy
companies are made more robust to avoid
failures in the future, and in terms of how we
can have a system which is fairer for
consumers.

For consumers, we believe that the standing
charge for gas and electricity where people
pay a fixed fee to cover things like network
costs (roughly £300 each year) should be
eliminated. Those costs should be recovered
through the unit rate for gas and electricity so
that those who consume less pay less and
those who consume more pay more. We also
believe a social tariff should be introduced
where those who are the most vulnerable pay
less for energy. We believe that this, along
with all policy costs, should be funded from.
general taxation but that is not something
which has universal support.

For energy companies, we believe that they
should be made to hold sufficient capital to
ensure that if more companies go bust, their
shareholders pick up the costs rather than the
unacceptable situation in recent years where
the costs were picked up by consumers. We
have seen some progress on this, with Ofgem
requiring energy companies to hold £115 of
capital for each customer by March 2025.
This is welcome but it is our view that this
does not go far enough, nor fast enough. We
believe that all companies should be required
to hold in the region of three times this
amount and that they should not be able

to take on additional customers until they

can demonstrate they are financially sound.
‘As of now, a number of energy companies
effectively have a free bet, using customer
deposits to fund their businesses. If their bet
comes good, their owners get all of the
rewards; and if it doesn’t, consumers bear all
of the cost. This cannot be right, and we urge
Ciigem to be more focused on establishing a
fairer market for consumers and to ensure
‘energy companies who are not yet financially
resilient enough are forced to meet proper
capital adequacy requirements.

2023 PROGRESS AND PERFORMANCE
We can support customers and credibly make
the case for market reform only because we
are a very resilient company. That resilience
comes from our uniquely integrated business
model and strong balance sheet.

We have a well-balanced portfolio with
market-leading positions across the entire
energy value chain. In our Retail business we
are the largest supplier of energy to residential
customers in the UK through British Gas
Energy and the second largest in Ireland
through Bord Gdis Energy, and we have a
strong and growing B2B energy supply
position. Our infrastructure business brings
electricity and gas to the market every single
day. Then at the heart of these energy flows
sits the Optimisation business, the glue that
binds our group together.

AS look at our portfolio, | see a number of high
Performing businesses. But the real value-add
that makes us unique at Centrica comes at the
portfolio level as we integrate our businesses
with each other. | believe this model means we
are well-positioned to adapt to any future
changes in the energy landscape.

You can see just how this integration works in
practice in our performance and achievements
over the last year, At a Group level, our
performance in 2023 was very strong. Our
Group adjusted operating profit was £2.8bn
compared to £3.3bn at year end in 2022. Our
adjusted basic EPS was 33.4p in 2023
compared to 34.9p in 2022, 4.1p in 2021,
and 2.8p in 2020, and our free cash flow was
£2.2bn. We ended the year with £2.7bn of net
cash — just three years ago we had £2.8bn in
net debt. In short, your Company has been
transformed, There is still so much more that
we can go for, but as Russell points out in his
CFO report, there were some large one-off
benefits in the 2023 results which we don’t
expect to repeat in future years.

RETAIL

British Gas Energy performed well in the
year and benefitted in 2023 from the recovery
‘of costs incurred in previous years under
Ofgem’s price cap adjustments. By the end of
the year, we had migrated around two thirds
‘of our customers on to our new software
platform and we should complete the transfer
in the next 12 months or so. This allows us to
develop our new energy offering, which will
help give our customers insight into the best
time to use their energy, putting more power
in their hands. Our PeakSave Sundays
product already has haif a milion customers
and we are learning every day how our
customers vary their energy use depending on
costs changing during the day.

Bord Gais was quite a mixed picture in 2023.
We continued to see pressure in the retail
market in lreland and had another year of
making losses in that market, all of which were
offset by profits made in our infrastructure (the
Whitegate power station in Cork) and
optimisation activities. We believe that the
issues in the Irish retail market are temporary
and we hope to see a retum to normality

in 2024.

Itis very pleasing to see the continued
recovery in British Gas Services and
Solutions with the operational foundations of
the business as strong as they've been for
many years. Our customer service has
improved materially and we're seeing the
benefits in improved customer satisfaction and
higher customer retention rates. This allows u