centrica

I HN

i SE

“ #

wi

COMPANIES HOUSE

Energising a

[ greener, fairer future |

Centrica plc | Annual Report and Accounts 2025

Strategic Report Governance Financial Statements Other Information

We’re focused on providing the
energy, services and solutions
our customers need today, while
investing in a more sustainable
and secure energy future.

For over 200 years, we’ve remained
at the heart of the UK energy
sector, with our business now
united around a single purpose —

ng. a greener, fairer future.

Contents
Strategic Report Governance Financial Statements
1 Group highlights 59 Directors’ and Corporate Governance 121 Independent Auditor's Report
2 Centrica ata glance Report 134 Groupincome Statement
4 Chair's statement 61 Governance framework 435 Group Statement of Comprehensive
7 Group Chief Executive's statement 62 Biographies Income
41 OurPurpose and values 65 Board of Directors 436. Group Statement of Changes in Equity
12. Ourstakeholders 67 Board activities 137 Group Bolance Sheet
14 Ourbusiness model 70 The Board's duties under Section 172 438 Group Gash Flow Statement
16 Ourmarket trends 72 Audit and Risk Committee 439 Notes to the Financial Statements
17 Ourstrategic drivers 81 Nominations Committee 238 Compeny Financial Statements
18 Group Chief Financial Officers report gq_ Safety. Environment and 245 Gas and Liquids Reserves (Unaudited)
23. Ourview on taxation Sustainability Committee 248. Five Year Summary (Unaudited)
24 Business review 86 Remuneration Report
30 Key performance indicators 408 Remuneration Policy Other information
32 Our Principal Risks and uncertainties fe
40. Assessment of viability 116 Other statutory information 247 Shareholder Information
42 People and Planet 248 Additional Information - Explanatory
48 Non-Financial and Sustainability Notes (Unaudited)
Information Statement 253 People and Planet - Performance
49 Task Force on Climate-related Measures

Financial Disclosures 256 Glossary

Centrica ple Annual Report and Accounts 2025

Group highlights

We reported lower earnings in 2025, primarily driven by market
challenges in Centrica Energy and outages and lower prices in
Infrastructure, however, our performance was resilient in the context
of the external backdrop. It was also a year of strong strategic
progress for the Group as we lay the foundation for the next phase of
growth. Supported by continued operational improvements and
greater levels of customer satisfaction, we grew customers across
Retail. Alongside this, we delivered a step-change in our investment
programme, investing in crucial strategic assets for the UK energy
system such as the Sizewell C new nuclear power station and the
Grain LNG terminal, as we continue to pivot our Infrastructure portfolio
to help create a fundamentally stronger and higher quality Centrica.

Group operational metrics

Home Energy Supply UK Touchpoint
Net Promoter Score (NPS)

205 —— i +33
0 SE +29

Colleague engagement

1] —____—_ hz)
202 ESS 2.1

Home Services UK Engineer NPS‘)

0. +76
22 a +73

Total greenhouse gas emissions (tCO,e)

Total recordable injury frequency rate
(per 200,000 hours worked)

205 ———— 0.61
22 Sw 0.63

0. SS 1.580.933"
202 SSS 1.732.328

Group financial metrics (Year ended 31 December 2025)

Group statutory operating
profit (Em)

2025 EE 106
2024 SSM 1703

Group statutory net cash flow
from operating activities (Em)

2025 MN cos
2024 1149

Group adjusted operating
profit (Em)

i ———
2024 SSS 1552

2025 EE (167)
2024 SM oso

Group statutory basic EPS
(pence)

2025 A (15)
2024

Adjusted net cash (£m)

2025 EN 1.487
2024 EE 2.058

Group adjusted basic EPS
(pence)

22 SS 112
2026 ST 19.0

Full year dividend per share
(pence)

202 = ss
2024 4.5

1. Inchided in ONV Businoss Assurance Services UK Limited (ONV)'s independent limited assurance engagement. See page 253 or centrica com/assurance for more.

(1) Measuredindepends ‘ough individual questionnaires. the customer's willingness to recommend British Gas following contact or a Home Servi gineer visit

(2) The Group has redetined its operating and reportable segments during the year to reflect a change in the way the business is organised, Reportable and operating segments are now
<efined as Retail, Optimisation and Infrastructure, Home Energy Supply UK and Home Services UK are both part of the Retail segment.

(2) Engagement is based on an average score out of 10 and measures how colleagues feel about the Company,

(4) Comprises Scope ‘and 2 emissions as defined by the Greenhouse Gas Protocol, 2024 restated due to availabilty of improved data.

Unless otherwise stated, allreterances to the Company shall mean Centrica ple (registered in England and Wales No. 3033654): and reterences to the Group shall mean Centrica ple and all
of ts subsidiary undertakings and equity-accounted associate /joint venture undertakings: and relerences to operating profit or loss. taxation, cashflow. earnings and earnings per share
throughout the Strategic Report are adjusted figures. reconciled to their statutory equivalents in the Group Chief Financial Officer's Report an pages 18 to 22. See also notes 2.4 and 10 te
the Financial Statements on pages 141, 149 to 152 and 164 for further details of these adjusted performance measures. n addition see pages 248 to 252 for an explanation and reconciistion
cof other adjusted performance measures used within the document. This Annuai Report and Accounts does not offer investment advice. and claes rnntain forward-looking ateternesite.

The Disclaimer relating ta this Annual Report and Aooountsisinckaled wn paye 257.

1

Strategic Report Governance Financial Statements Other Information

Centrica at a glance

Centrica is an integrated energy company, connecting
customers to secure, efficient and low carbon energy
solutions. Across the energy system, we create value for

all our stakeholders by producing, optimising and delivering
the energy needed today, while supporting the transition to a
greener, fairer future.

Our business model
i
We provide a leading customer experience for We move energy from source touse,
‘energy supply and services across the UK and connecting producers and suppliers

{reland, helping customers decarbonise
through reliable, affordable and
innovative offerings.

with offtakers while continuing to
‘support the flexibility required for
the future energy system.

€ centrica

British Gas Enorgy

BordGéis

Energy
Snive
DYNO Energi: ga

greener, fairer,
@iphjones future
ica
Pocbsteh aha
‘nfrastructure
We are investing to build a low carbon, reliable
energy system from upstream generation
and storage assets to smart technology
enabling flexibility for consumers.
@xes, centrica centrica centrica
ENE! oneruy Stercge” Power .
\ — Read more about our business model on page 14

Centrica ple Annual Report and Accounts 2025

Our values Key figures

22,000

Colleagues worldwide

7,000+

Field service engineers

10m+

Customers

Collaboration

Courage

oN Delivery

Agility

— Read more about our Purpose and values on page 11

19.5GW

Renewable and flexible
capacity under management

oe

a 750%

Of the UK’s total gas storage capacity

20%

Share of the UK’s nuclear power
generation

10%

Of Ireland's power demand

Supporting
communities,
our planet and
each other

Our People & Planet Plan is creating a more sustainable future - from
becoming a net zero business by 2040 and helping customers be net
zero by 2050, to building the diverse and inclusive team we need to
succeed whilst making a big difference in our local communities.

— Read more about our People & Planet Plan on page 42, with further
information available at centrica.com/peopleandplanet

|
y

StrategicReport Governance

Chair’s statement

Kevin O’Byrne

Chair

eo

Ina fast-changing
environment, we remain
focused on delivering
for our customers and
colleagues, creating
sustainable value for
our shareholders while
contributing to a fair UK
energy transition.

Financial Statements

Other Information

The past 12 months were marked by
significant challenges and opportunities.
Throughout, Centricahas remained
‘steadfast inits commitment to supporting
customers and colleagues, delivering resilient
performance in a challenging environment.
executing our strategy and delivering for
shareholders. This Annual Report sets out
how we are building a strong, responsible
business, one that is well positioned toleadin
arapidly changing world.

Supporting our customers

Despite some of the pressures easing on
energy bills, your Board remains committed
to supporting customers through
challenging times. The cost of living
pressures and concerns around energy
security continue to test households and
businesses alike.

I'm proud of how we've supported those
who need it most. especially through our
£140m energy support package. which we
launched in 2022. andis the UK andlreland's
largest voluntary energy sector initiative.
We continue to find innovative ways to
support our customers, including our
pioneering ‘You Pay: We Pay’ programme,
which matches payments made by
customersin or at risk of fuel poverty.

‘Through our energy support package
alongside our wider support, we also
strengthened our partnership with the
British Gas Energy Trust, enabling it to
expand grants and provide accessible
community-based energy advice. Over
2024-25, the Trust helped 72,000 people
and distributed £14.3m in grants to help

households and organisations across Britain
tackle energy debt, receive guidance and
restore financial stability.

These actions provide vital support to
those most in need and demonstrate our
commitment to fairness and responsibility,
strengthening the trust placedin.us across
‘our customer base.

Unsurprisingly. trust is one of the key factors
in why consumers choose their energy
supplier, and am pleased that our customer
trust and satisfaction scores have shown
marked improvement. reflecting the
positive impact of our efforts across all

our brands. Our British Gas Trustpilot score
isatits highest level at 4.4, reflecting
increased investment in customer service
training, the rollout of digital tools that make
‘energy management easier. and our single-
minded brand positioning around reliability.
This will remain an area of continued focus
for your Board.

Amore coordinated approach to
managing customer debt is needed
While our internal initiatives have
strengthened our approach to managing
debt. retail bad debt remains a significant
focus, increasing to £418m this year from
£369m in 2024. More broadly, managing
consumer debt across the wider energy
sector demands a more coordinated and
pragmatic approach that reflects the scale
and complexity of the challenge. Rising
arrears, now exceeding £4bn industrywide,
underscores the need for solutions that go
beyond short-term relief and tackle
structural issues such as affordability,
data-sharing and support for vulnerable
households. A coherent strategy should
unite government. suppliers. regulators
and stakeholders around interventions that
prevent debt accumulation, enable data
sharing to facilitate fair recovery and
protect those most at risk. This is not simply
about balancing books: it is about sustaining
financial stability across the market while
ensuring households can meet essential
energy needs without falling into a cycle

of unmanageable debt.

Creating the best environment

for colleagues

Ensuring our colleagues are supported and
‘engaged remains a strategic priority for the
Company and your Board. Over the past
year, we have continued to invest in our
award-winning wellbeing, training and skills
development programmes. We are proud of
the continued focus on colleague
engagement and for the fourth consecutive
year, Centrica has been named in The Times.
Top 50 Employers for Gender Equality
ranking us highly for our focus on creating an
environment where colleagues can thrive.
This has helped us attract and retain
talented people. while fostering a culture of
inclusion and continuous improvement.

lam always impressed by the lengths our
colleagues go to help our customers and
help deliver great performance, and for this
lam hugely grateful

Board changes and governance

The Centrica Boardis here to serve you,
our shareholders, andis committed to
robust oversight and governance, providing
strategic direction and accountability.

Itis anhhonour tolead a dedicated and
effective Board that collaborates
constructively with the executive team.
The Board's aim is simple: to strengthen
Centrica and consistently deliver value for
our shareholders. In the fast-moving world
in which we operate, ensuring our Board
has the breadth of experience requiredis
critical. |am delighted that Alessandra
Pasini joined the Board this year; witha
background in investment banking,
Alessandra brings a wealth of international
experience in renewable energy, battery
storage solutions and green hydrogen. We
also welcomed Frank Mastiaux, an energy
industry veteran whose international
leadership roles in some of the world's
largest energy companies brings invaluable
insight and experience to our team.

| would like to extend my sincere
appreciation to colleagues departing
from the Board. Heidi Mottram, who.
joined in 2020 and served as Chair of the
Safety, Environment and Sustainability
Committee (SESC), stepped down at the
end of 2025. Carol Arrowsmith, who has
served on the Board since 2020 and as
Chair of the Remuneration Committee.
will step down at the conclusion of our
AGM in May 2026.1 am very pleased
that Amber Rudd has taken on the role
of Chair of the SESC and Sue Whalley
will become Chair of the Remuneration
Committee from May. Nathan Bostock,

a Board member since 2022 and Chair of
the Audit and Risk Committee. will leave
in the summer of 2026 and his successor
will be announced in due course.

The effectiveness of the Boardis
underpinned by Centrica’s culture,a
foundation that drives performance,
supports our strategy and ensures robust
governance, We foster collaboration,
innovation and integrity at every level,
empowering colleagues to deliver their best
and contribute to our shared purpose. Our
Purpose and Values guide every decision.

Performance overview

Despite 2025 being a challenging year,
Centrica still delivered resilient financial and
operational results. Our Retail and
Infrastructure businesses performed
broadly in ine with expectations, though
Centrica Energy's optimisation activities
delivered weaker than planned results amid
particularly difficult market conditions,

Group adjusted EBITDA for the year was
£1,417m and operating profit was £814m,
down from £2,305m and £1,552m
respectively in 2024, with adjusted EPS just
over tip. The Group generated over
£900m of adjusted operating cash flow.
while free cash flow moved into a modest
almost £200m outflow. driven primarily
by a deliberate and accelerated step-up
in strategic investment to £1.2bn.

Your Boardis mindful of our responsibility to
carefully manage our free cash flow. Over
the past year, we have made significant
investment decisions, and we've focused on
maximising sustainable profitability across
‘our range of businesses. It has been one of
‘our most active periods for investment in
recent years, and Chris will provide further
detail in his statement.

Looking ahead, we anticipate that cash flow
from our existing infrastructure assets will
gradually be supplemented by contributions
from new investments. These new assets
are expected to deliver stable and
predictable earnings, ensuring a reliable
income stream over time. Our investment
ina 15% equity stake in Sizewell Cis a very
good example of our strategy to deliver
long-term, stable earnings. We also
announced a 50% investment into the Isle of
Grain Liquefied Natural Gas (LNG)

terminal in partnership with Energy Capital
Partners LLP. Grain LNG delivers vital
‘energy security for the UK andis aligned
with the strategy of investing in regulated
and contracted assets supporting the
energy transition. At the same time, when
we hold surplus capital, we carefully

Centrica plc Annual Report and Accounts 2025

consider the best way to return value to our
shareholders. In 2025, we increased our
share buyback programme by an additional
£500m, which was largely completed
during the year. bringing the total equity
repurchased since 2022 to £2bn, or around
aquarter of the Company's shares.
Alongside this, we returned further value to
shareholders through a full-year dividend of
5.5p. which included the interim dividend of
4183p announced in July.

Progress towards net zero

Looking forward. your Board will remain
focused on energy security. a fair transition
and delivering our net zero ambitions. Our
updated Climate Transition Plan, launched
in January 2025 with strong shareholder
‘support, sets out how we will balance these
priorities. Your Board actively oversees this
plan to ensure Centrica continues tolead
the energy transition responsibly.

I'm pleased to say we have made good
progress, achieving key emissions
reduction milestones. We are on track or
ahead of all customer climate goals, from
installing smart low carbon technologies
like Hive thermostats to expanding green
tariffs and growing the green skills of
4.900 engineers toward our 2030
ambition of 3,000.

Meanwhile, we continued to decarbonise
‘operations and grow sustainable energy
supply through renewable and zero carbon
investment, new technologies and strategic
partnerships aimed at reducing emissions
across power generation. gas storage, LNG
shipping and our van fleet.

Our commitment toa fair transition helps
‘ensures no customer or community is left
behind.

We measure and report progress through
rigorous KPIs and benchmarks and remain
committed to addressing performance
gaps and acting on stakeholder feedback
to refine our strategy and deliver on our
promises.

Outlook for the next year and the
evolving landscape

Turning to 2026, the energy landscape
remains dynamic, shaped by geopolitical
developments, regulatory shifts,
technological advancements and changing
customer expectations. The Government's
decision to remove some levies from
consumer energy bills from April this year
is a welcome step for households. This has
been an issue we have lobbied on for over

StrategicReport Governance

five years and will put money in the pockets
of consumers; however as noted earlier, we
remain highly concerned about the growing
level of bad debt in the energy industry.
which has now reached levels the sector
has never experienced before. This is
unsustainable and represents structural
risk to the sector's stability.

We have been clear about our concerns and
will continue urging Ofgem to work with
government and industry ona solution that
helps distinguish customers who genuinely
cannot pay from those who can but choose
not to.

We appreciate thisis a complex area, but it
requires urgent attention. Equally, we must
remain vigilant in how we support our most
vulnerable customers. We continue to
engage with our regulator regarding past
issues in the installation of prepayment
meters. Whilst we have not resumed this,
practice. it is clear thisissue remains a
sector-wide challenge. In that respect, we
have taken decisive steps to address areas
where we fell short.

We will continue to assess the
opportunities for Centrica including
innovation in energy solutions, expansion
into new and existing markets, and
leveraging our expertise in trading and
optimisation. At the same time. we are
alert to risks such as price volatility,
supply chain disruptions and geopolitical
uncertainty. Against this evolving
landscape. our strategy continues to
evolve. particularly in Power generation,
ensuring we remain agile and responsive
to market shifts as the world becomes
increasingly electrified and dependent on
data centres.

Financial Statements.

Other Information

Ourresilience and adaptability are core
strengths, enabiing us to navigate
uncertainty and seize opportunities for
growth. As always, your Board will consider
the barriers to delivering our strategy and
remain alert to emerging risks. We prepare
for these changes by continuing to invest

in digital transformation and harnessing

the power of Al, enhancing our risk
management capabilities and deepening
our engagement with regulators and
policymakers. Our commitments to
safeguard the interests of our customers,
colleagues and shareholders as we navigate
these challenges and opportunities.

Ina fast-changing environment, we remain
focused on delivering for our customers and
colleagues, creating sustainable value for
our shareholders while contributing toa fair
UK energy transition.

In closing, | would like to thank our
colleagues, customers and stakeholders

for their ongoing support and trust. Centrica
is well positioned to deliver sustainable value
for shareholders and society, andl am
confident in our direction and abilty tolead
inarapidly changing and complex world.
Together, we will continue to build a
resilient, responsible business that makes
apositive difference for allof us.

Kevin O'Byrne, Chair
18 February 2026

Group Chief Executive’s

statement

Chris O’Shea

Group Chief Executive

eo

lam confident that the
future’s looking good
for Centrica. The
world’s changing fast,
with technology and Al
driving up electricity
demand like never
before. That means
more complexity,
more need for reliable,
sustainable energy.

Ayear of strategic progress

and investment

Inever forget who | work for, | work for
you, our shareholders, the owners of our
Company. And my job is to create value
for shareholders, which includes every
single Centrica colleague. We do this by
doing three things: delivering great
customer service for our 10m plus
customers; investing your money wisely;
and helping our nearly 22,000 colleagues
to be at their best as they energise a
greener. fairer future.

2025 has been a big year for us - lots of
progress and lots of bold moves. 'm really
proud of how far your Company has
come, not just making the energy supply
more secure where we operate but also
putting ourselves right at the heart of the
energy transition whilst growing our
businesses.

Delivering great customer service
For years we've been improving our
customer service, although the results
can take quite a while to feed through. So,
I'm delighted that for the first time in a
number of years we have grown
‘customer numbers in all of our
businesses. And our customer
satisfaction measure (Net Promoter
Score) is the highest it’s ever been in the
UK energy business. The investment
we've made in improving our service is
really starting to show. The Institute for
Customer Service's latest UK Customer
Satisfaction Index ranked British Gas
among the top 20 most improved
organisations over the past year and

Centrica ple Annual Report and Accounts 2025

Uswitch has awarded British Gas most
improved energy company for the
second consecutive year. I'm delighted
for our colleagues who've worked so hard
to make this happen.

Now this doesn’t mean the journey is over
— we are continuously looking at ways to
better serve our customers. And we must
always remain vigilant in how we treat our
vulnerable customers. More than three
years ago we discovered that we had
fallen short of our own high standards in
how we installed prepayment meters for
certain customers. This issue is subject to
an ongoing Ofgem investigation, and!
said at the time how gutted | was, and |
know it was a difficult moment for many
colleagues who work so hard to do the
right thing. It’s strengthened our resalve
tolearn and keep improving. Whilst
subsequent events have shown this to be
awider energy sector issue, we can
never forget how we let some of our
customers down and we've taken
substantial steps to improve our
processes and to help prevent these
issues from happening again. We know
how challenging it is for customers who
are struggling to pay their bills and we're
acting where it matters most and
partnering with The British Gas Energy
Trust and leading advice organisations
such as StepChange, to deliver rapid,
targeted support for customers in serious
financial difficulty. Through frontline
training. trusted community partners and
high-impact national outreach initiatives,
we're making it easier for vulnerable
customers to access grants, guidance
and practical help that genuinely cuts

the pressure, We have made huge
improvements, and your company is,

now very different from the one it was
just three years ago,

This year, we've continued to raise our
game - using technology and Al to

make things simpler and smoother for
our customers. We've cut out
unnecessary steps. sped up decision
making and freed up more time to deliver
for our customers. These small changes
add up: reduced call volumes, problems
sorted faster, happier customers. and
better retention. That means tighter cost
control and stronger revenue and profit
growth,

Governance

Strategic Report

And we want to make sure that our
customers have the energy they need,
when they need it. A report at the end of
last year fram NESO, the UK's national
energy system operator, which has
warned of the risk of gas shortages as
Britain gets into the 2030s, underscores
how gas will remain important over the
course of the transition. This is why we
bought Grain LNG. why we want to
redevelop Rough. and why we signed a
£20bn deal with Equinor, securing Son
cubic metres of gas a year until 2035.
That's a ten-year partnership with
Norway that helps keep the UK's energy
secure and prices steady.

Investing your money wisely

Putting £4.3bn into Sizewell C isn’t just a
great investme: 's about making sure
the UK has reliable. low carbon power for
years to come. Building nuclear plants is
tough work, and credit where it’s due -
this Government (and the last one) saw
the need and backed it. That's what doing
the right thing for the country looks like.
By creating a proper regulatory
framework, they've made it possible for
us to invest, and that’s good news for
everyone: colleagues. customers and
shareholders.

Energy transitions aren't just about tech
or ambition - they're about balancing
what's possible with what's needed.
You've got to juggle global markets.
budgets. and what customers want. It's
about finding the sweet spot between
ambition and security. innovation and
reliability. renewables and, yes. natural
gas. Our investment in Europe's largest
LNG terminal - Grain LNG ~ with Energy
Capital Partners is a further proof point of
our strategy to pivot towards

stable, predictable infrastructure returns.

These investments aren't just one-offs —
they're part of our plan to keep building
real, long-term value for you. This year has
also seen us working in partnership with
the impressive US company, X-energy. to
bring up to 6GW of advanced modular
power stations to the UK. Whilst it's early
days in the development of the next
generation of small nuclear assets. it feels
like there is now genuine momentum
around this technology here and
elsewhere in the world.

Financial Statements

Other Information

Our valued colleagues

I know | say this a lot, but having a great
team is why we have happy customers.
Every day. 22,000 people roll up their
sleeves and make a difference for our
customers. our business and our
communities. 'm proud of the way our
teams have stepped up this year ~
embracing new technology. driving
operational improvements and always.
putting customers first.

Iknow organisational change to simplify
our business and deliver better outcomes
for customers hasn't been easy for
colleagues, but | am pleased to say that
we have supported colleagues through
change and managed to maintain a strong
engagement score of 7.9 out of 10. This
gives us a good foundation to build on in
2026 and really focus on continuing to
create the culture we want. We're
breaking down silos, encouraging
collaboration and making sure every
voice is heard. Whether people are on the
phones. in British Gas, Bord Gais, Hive or
PH Jones vans, at our energy assets, or
working behind the scenes, colleagues
ideas and energy are what will drive
Centrica forward.

We never stop investing in our people -
they're the heartbeat of this Company
and the reason we keep delivering.
Opening our new facility at Lutterworth in
2026 will be a big moment for us. This
£35m green campus brings together a
national distribution centre, advanced
technology labs and a new green skills
academy. It strengthens our operational
capability and the infrastructure we need
for the energy transition. By investing in
large-scale apprenticeship programmes
and new research and training facilities,
we're thinking about the long term,
helping to build the skilled workforce
needed for the UK's energy transition. It's
another example of how we're preparing
our colleagues ~ and our business - for a
cleaner. more secure energy system in
the years ahead.

Transformation isn’t just something we're
talking about - it's something we're
delivering. And our People team has played
avital role in making that happen. Over the
past year, they've supported significant
restructuring and helped embed new
operating models that are essential for our
long-term growth. None of this work is easy,
but we've approached every step with care,
integrity anda focus on doing the right thing.

Our Senior Leadership Team
(SLT)is made up of my direct
reports and their direct reports,
around 100 people. We get
together regularly to ensure
cohesion and alignment. We
continue to commit to three
core principles that shape our
culture and the way we work,
individually and asa team:

Ba

One team
First and foremost. we work
for Centrica. So. when faced with
making a decision. the question every
leader must ask themselves is ‘is this
good for the Company?’.

Ownership
We must own the outcome of our
actions, not assuming that someone
else will fix something we see which
needs fixing. and asking ourselves
whether what we are doing will
improve things for our customers.

®

Growth mindset

We must innovate and try new
things: asking ourselves ‘why not?
rather than ‘why?’ when someone

suggests a new idea: asking

ourselves ‘what needs to be true?

to make something work rather

than state why something
won't work.

If we can continually live by these
three themes and demonstrate our
five core values, we will continue
the evolution of our culture.
delivering a step change in our
performance and creating material
value for you, our shareholders

Abig part of this has been equipping our
managers tolead through change in the
right way. We've invested in targeted
training, effective communication skills

and one-to-one support so leaders can
handle difficult situations with clarity and
compassion. And where change has directly
affected colleagues. we've prioritised
wellbeing and career continuity — offering
career development tools, wellbeing
initiatives and redeployment support to.
protect as many roles as possible. That
matters, because while transformation is
strategic, it must also be deeply human.

At the same time. we're rewiring how
we work through a technology-led
transformation that strengthens
accountability, builds new skills and helps
us serve customers better. Our People
team has been at the centre of this shift.
helping us move faster and operate with
greater agility. while making sure
colleagues stay supported and informed.

Throughout all of this. our colleagues have
stayed focused an what really matters.
Their resilience and commitment have
enabled us to make real progress at pace.

Because ultimately, transformation isn't
about systems or structures - it’s about
people and our colleagues continue to be
the driving force behind Centrica’s
success.

| want to thank every colleague for their
hard work, commitment and passion.
Together, we're not just delivering for
today - we're building a greener. fairer
future for everyone.

Business performance

We made good progress in key areas, but
tough trading conditions elsewhere held
us back. Global market uncertainty hit
Centrica Energy harder than expected,
and unseasonably warm weather plus
higher bad debt put pressure on our
supply business. None of this changes the
direction of travel — it just shows the
importance of staying focused, adapting
quickly and dealing with issues head-on.

Our Group adjusted operating profit was
£814m compared to £1.6bn at year-end in
2024, with adjusted Basic EPS of 11.2p in
2025 compared to 19.0p in 2024, and free
cash flow of £167m. Performance has
been resilient, given the market, and gives
us the confidence to invest further and
ensure strong performance in the future.

Customer satisfaction levels continue to
improve across all our customer-facing
brands, with a British Gas Trustpilot score
of 4.4 (Excellent) and we have grown
customer numbers in all our customer
facing businesses; this is the first time this
has happened and shows we have
momentum. | am particularly pleased to
see good progress in our Services
business supported by strong boiler
installations in 2025, meaning we hit our
profit target one year ahead of schedule.
More detail on our business performance
can be found in Russell's report on pages
18 to 22.

Future prospects: building a
sustainable and resilient business
tam confident that the future's looking
good for Centrica. The world’s changing
fast, with technology and Al driving up
electricity demand like never before. That
means more complexity and more need
for reliable, sustainable energy - exactly
what Sizewell C will deliver.

We're grabbing future opportunities with
both hands. We're investing in new
technology, sharpening up how we work
and getting ready for the next stage of
our transformation in 2026 and beyond.
The goal? Make Centrica leaner, quicker
onits feet and always focused on giving
customers what they want while chasing
new growth across the energy sector to.
deliver value for our shareholders.

We've set ourselves abig target to grow
profits and value, and with expected
‘extensions to our existing nuclear power
stations, we expect to deliver £1.7bn
EBITDA by 2028, rising to £2bn in 2030.
Underpinning this will be a cost base which
stays flat for the coming 5 years.

Our leaders are now more focused on
what's best for Centrica as a whole, not
just their own businesses. By breaking
down silos and working together, we're
rolling out the joined-up products and
services that only we can offer. There is
still much to be done in making these
important changes but | can already see
results where our focus on simplification
is driving a quicker. leaner and more
efficient business. By reducing
bureaucracy and embracing technology.
we are creating the right environment for

Centrica ple Annual Report and Accounts 2025

‘our colleagues to ensure we remain
competitive in a rapidly evolving market.
This transformation is not just about cost
savings; it is about creating a culture of
agility and innovation that will underpin
our future success.

The regulatory environment

We've achieved a lot this year, but there
are still concerns with how our market

is regulated. If we want to attract
investment and keep the energy
transition moving, we need high-quality
economic regulation and clear rules
applied consistently that give investors’
confidence to deploy capital. When we
look at the retail market in particular,
whilst we welcome the capital adequacy
rules that have been introduced for the
energy supply sector, implementation
has been slow and inconsistent over the
past few years. We've seen a couple of
suppliers go bust this year and} am
worried about a return to the period when
half the energy market went out of
business. costing consumers billions of
pounds. And right now, there's billions of
debt building up across the sector. We
need our regulator to work with the
sector to stop the burden of non-
payment falling on the shoulders of those
customers who do pay. The strain of
growing bad debts. coupled with the
large suppliers who do not hold the
capital required under Ofgem’s rules,
presents a systemic risk to the energy
retail market and we are at real risk of
seeing more suppliers go under, which
creates confusion and risk for customers,
in turn damaging the investment case for
the sector. Ofgem has said that the
industry holds more capital today than it
did three years ago, and that is great. But
what counts is what each individual
supplier holds in capital, and it remains
worrying that a number of the UK’s
biggest energy suppliers still don’t hold
the capital Ofgem requires under its rules.

Strategic Report Governance Financial Statements.

Conclusion: delivering for the future
The strategy we set out in 2023is
delivering for colleagues, customers and
shareholders; this is reflected in a share
price which has outperformed the

FTSE 100 by 12.5% and we remain
committed to investing around £4bn as
part of our investment programme
leading up to 2028. focusing only on
Projects with the right balance between
risk and reward.

2025 has been a year of delivery. Our
investments in Sizewell C. Isle of Grain,
and other strategic assets have
strengthened our operational foundation
and demonstrated our leadership in a
rapidly changing energy landscape. We
are driving transformational operational
improvements, building a quicker and
leaner business, and preparing for a future
defined by innovation and sustainability.

However. we remain clear-eyed about
the challenges ahead, particularly in
relation to the regulatory environment.
We will continue to advocate for the
changes needed to unlock further
investment and deliver for our customers,
colleagues and shareholders.

1am proud of what our amazing
colleagues have achieved, and we are
excited about the opportunities that

lie ahead. Together, we will continue

to build a business that is resilient,
sustainable and fit for the future.

‘One which delivers for our colleagues. for
our customers and for the people we all
work for. our shareholders.

Chris O'Shea, Group Chief Executive
18 February 2026

10

Other Information