Helping you live
sustainably, simply
and affordably

mE

*ABSYH822*
11/06/2022
COMPANIES HOUSE

Annual Report and Accounts 2021 centri ica

SATURDAY

Group Snapshot

At Centrica, we have been at the
forefront of supporting homes,
businesses and communities with their
energy needs for more than 200 years.

We remain focused on giving customers what
they want and need through our purpose

of helping our customers live sustainably,
simply and affordably.

At the heart of this, is our talented team of
20,000 colleagues including 7,000 engineers,
who serve millions of customers every day
through trusted brands like British Gas, Bord
Gais Energy and Centrica Business Solutions.

And central to it, is our commitment to provide
responsible energy our customers can rely

on. Alongside this, we’re investing in our
communities and creating the diverse and
inclusive team we need for a greener future.

n doing so, we can add value for all of our
stakeholders.

(5) Read more about our People

) Sustainability
& Planet Plan on Pages

Find our more about our

28 1036
People & Planet Plan at
centrica.com/sustainabitity

[5] Read more about Stakeholder 8 Centrica Stories

Engagement on Pages 8 to 9

and insights on the issues that
matter at centrica.com/stories

[3] Read more about our Chief 3 Online Report

People Officer's Report on
Pages 26 to 27 Read more about our Annual
Report and Accounts at

centrica.com/ar2

Find out more at centrica.com

Unless otherwise stated, all references to the Company shall mean Centrica plc (Registered in England
and Wales No. 3033654); references to the Group shall mean Centrica plc and all ofits subsidiary
entities; and references to operating profit or loss, taxation, cash flow, earnings and earnings per share
throughout the Strategic Report are adjusted figures, reconciled to their statutory equivalents in the
Group Chief Financial Officer's Report on pages 16 to 21. See also notes 2, 4 and 10 to the Financial
Statements on pages 119, 125 to 131 and 143. for further details of these adjusted performance
measures In addition see pages 238 to 241 for an explanation and reconciliation of other adjusted
performance measures used within this document.

Strategic Report
1 Group Highlights
2 Chairman's Statement
4 — Group Chief Executive's Statement
- Our Purpose
~ Our Values
7___Macro Trends
8 _ Stakeholder Engagement
10 Our Strategy
12 _Our Business Model
14 Key Performance Indicators
16 _ Group Chief Financial Officer's Report
23 Business Review
26 Chief People Officer's Report
28 People and Planet
— Non-Financial Reporting Statement
38 Our Principal Risks and Uncertainties
Assessment of Viability Disclosure
Governance
48 Directors’ and Corporate
Governance Report
55 Corporate Governance Statement
61 Committee Reports
~ Audit and Risk Committee
-Nominations Committee
~ Safety, Environment and
Sustainability Committee
~ Remuneration Committee
95 Other Statutory Information

Financial Statements

100

Independent Auditor's Report

12

Group Income Statement

113,

Group Statement of
Comprehensive Income

114

Group Statement of Changes in Equity

115

Group Balance Sheet

116

Group Cash Flow Statement

7

Notes to the Financial Statements

211

Company Financial Statements

223

Gas and Liquids Reserves (Unaudited)

224

Five Year Summary (Unaudited)

225

Ofgem Consolidated Segmental
Statement

Other Information

237

Shareholder Information

238

Additional Information
- Explanatory Notes (Unaudited)

242

People and Planet
— Performance Measures

IBC

Glossary

Group Highlights

Group Operational Performance

Brand net promoter score (NPS)"

Total carbon emissions (tCO,e)”

2021 I 228,004

Total recordable injury frequency rate
(per 200,000 hours of work)!”

2021

|

2020 1.04

Total customers”

Group Financial Summary (Year ended 31 December 2021)

Group revenue from business
performance®:

£18.3bn

2020: £14.9bn 423%

Group adjusted basic EPS from
continuing operations:

4.1p

2020: 2.8p 446%

Group free cash flow from continuing
operations:

£1,174m

2020: £685m 471%

Group adjusted operating profit from
continuing operations:

£948m

2020: £447m 4.112%

Group statutory basic EPS from
continuing operations:

10.0p

2020: (4.7)p

Group statutory net cash flow from
continuing operating activities:

£1,611m

2020; £957m 468%

Employee engagement"

2020 41%

Group statutory profit/(loss) from
continuing operations:

£954m

2020: £(362)m

Group statutory basic EPS from
continuing and discontinued operations:

20.7p

2020: 0.7p

Group net cash/(debt):

£680m

2020: £(2,998)m_

{Included in ONV Business Assurance Services UK Limited (ONV)'s independent limited assurance engagement, See page 242 or centrica.convassurance for more,
(0), Excludes Direct Energy which is now classified as a discontinued operation, Oata eating o historical engagement scores may theretor difer elsewhere inthe report.
(@)_ Restated duo to changes in methodology folowing a move trom equity to operational control

Centrica plc Annual Report and Accounts 2021 1

g
s
@
a
2
2
3
8
a

Strategic Report

Chairman’s Statement

&6We have made significant disposals

that have simplified our Company, we have
radically reorganised and changed the way
we lead Centrica’s workforce to make it fit

for the future. 99

Scott Wheway
Chairman

Where we were

In last year’s Annual Report, | said that we were clear about what we
needed to do to turn around our business, but we had only taken
the first steps in a marathon. Through 2021, the Centrica team have
made good progress against many of those steps whilst also leading
through the continuing COVID-19 crisis and unprecedented volatility
in the energy and commodity markets. So, whilst we are still only
partly through the marathon. we have made further inroads in key
areas that give us a good foundation for 2022, and I'm proud

of what the team has achieved.

When we asked Chris O'Shea to become Group Chief Executive

in April 2020, nobody was under any illusion about the scale of the
challenges we faced. Over a ten-year period, we had lost two million
energy and one million services customers in British Gas, over half
our earnings, and more than three-quarters of our stock market
value. We had to quickly wake up to the reality that radical action
was needed to ensure the business could survive and thrive

in the future.

Where we are now

This year, Chris and the wider management team rose to the hard
challenges we needed to face urgently. We have made significant
disposals that have simplified our Company, we have radically
reorganised and changed the way we lead Centtica’s workforce
to make it fit for the future, we have started to build operational
capability in our customer-facing businesses to improve their
efficiency, and we've navigated the very significant impacts of
COVID-19.

2 Centrica plc Annual Report and Accounts 2021

Stabilising the balance sheet, reducing
volatility, building capability

The completion of the sale of Direct Energy at the beginning

of the year, for £2.7 billion, has materially strengthened our balance
sheet and removed a source of significant earnings volatility from
the Group. Coupled with the sale of our Norwegian oil and gas
exploration and production assets, this allows us to focus more

‘on our core businesses, where we have strong customer-facing
market positions and capabilities.

Alongside this, the reorganisation of the business that commenced
in 2020 included the delayering of the organisation so that
colleagues are empowered and better reflect, serve and anticipate
the needs of our customers. And implementation of new terms
and conditions, which have been in place since April 2021, means
that we can now compete more effectively and create more skilled
UK jobs.

This year we have kept a relentless focus on improving our core
business and our customers’ experiences. However, ensuring that
we have the capacity and capability to focus on our customer-facing
energy and services businesses means letting go of the areas we
don't see as part of our long-term future. The process to divest our
interest in Spirit Energy had been ongoing since 2019, as we looked
to exit Exploration and Production (E&P) in a way that maximises
value for shareholders. | believe we have achieved this through the
sale of Spirit Energy's Norwegian Assets and the Statfjord field.

We will stil hold our 69% stake in Spirit Energy's remaining UK and
Netherlands assets, focusing on realising value from the remaining
gas reserves and de-tisking decommissioning liabilities. While we
will continue to assess opportunities to exit from these remaining
activities over time, Spirit Energy will also pursue potential
opportunities to leverage existing infrastructure for net zero projects.
We are keenly aware that we are custodians of key pieces of national
infrastructure that may have an important role in the transition

to net zero.

We are focusing on returning our core
UK businesses to growth

1am all too aware that the shareholder experience has been
challenging after too many years of disappointment and
unacceptable performance, and it’s my job to make sure our
Company is stewarded in the right direction to create and grow a
sustainable business and, as a consequence, unlock shareholder
value. Your Board is very mindful of the importance of the dividend
to shareholders, and it remains under active consideration. Whilst
the share price increased by around 50%, we are very conscious
this was from a low base. We've macle progress, and many of the
building blocks are in place, but we stil! have some way to accelerate
the type of sustainable growth that we strive to deliver. As part of
this, the continuous improvement of our customers’ experience will
be front and centre of our efforts in 2022.

The changing energy landscape

We saw unprecedented increases in wholesale commodity prices
‘over the second half of 2021, resulting in an energy crisis in the UK.
The scale of this crisis has been damaging for the whole energy
sector, with millions of customers impacted by the failure of their
supplier. Many lessons must be learned from this crisis, but the
simple facts are that customers were encouraged to switch to
‘suppliers that did not have sufficiently robust business models.

In some cases, these suppliers played fast and loose with their
customers’ money, and the costs of these failures will run into billions
of pounds which, under the present regulations. will be added to
everyone's bills, even those customers that stayed with trustworthy
companies such as British Gas. This must never be allowed to
happen again, and, as you might expect, we have been engaging
constructively with Ofgem and the Government on the future of retail
energy markets in the UK, calling for more and tighter regulation.

We are committed to supporting proposals that protect and put the
customer at the heart of the solution while ensuring that well run and
responsible energy suppliers can make a fair return.

Net zero

At Centrica, we understand that we are an important stakeholder
in the drive to net zero. There are some big questions still to be
answered around the decarbonisation of our homes and businesses
and the associated infrastructure needed to accelerate progress

in areas such as electric vehicles. We will continue to ask the hard!
questions about how we find an affordable and practical path to
allow our customers to transition to net zero whilst working with
Government and regulators on this issue.

We see our role as the guardians of customers to help them through
the net zero transition. This presents a significant opportunity for

‘our services and solutions businesses and Centrica as a whole. With
the largest services field force in the UK, our people are in the best
position to deliver the low carbon heating solutions that will make

net zero a reality. In support of this, I'm pleased that we were able

to launch our Climate Transition Plan in 2021, which sets out our
roadmap to become a net zero business by 2045 and help our
customers do the same by 2050.

As a Board, we have allocated time to upskill ourselves on the
carbon transition. Building Board capability in this area is essential
as we look at balancing the need to decarbonise with the needs of
our customers and the long-term needs of the country.

Moving forward

Our Company is moving in the right direction, but there is still a lot to
do as we build our capability. The organisation's culture is changing
for the better, with colleagues more engaged, empowered anc!
feeling part of an inclusive environment. | want to thank all Centrica
colleagues for their hard work and dedication during what was
another challenging year for everyone

Our purpose, ‘Helping you live sustainably, simply and affordably’,

is now embedded not only in our thoughts and words but also in our
actions. We need to remain focused on ensuring that the Centrica

of the future will concentrate on energy supply and services that help
our domestic and business customers transition to a low carbon
world. There are many exciting opportunities ahead of us, and | look
forward to updating you on further progress next year.

Scott Wheway
Chairman
23 February 2022

Read more about our
governance Pages 48 to 49

Read more about our
performance Pages 16 to 25

uj

Centrica ple Annual Report and Accounts 2021 3

g
a
3S

é
6
D>
2
3
8

Strategic Report

Group Chief Executive’s Statement

«£ Throughout 2021 we've been working hard
to steer your Company in the right direction.
Whilst we still have a long way to go, there are
positive signs that we are beginning to turn

around our business. 99

Chris O’Shea
Group Chief Executive

It appears that this decade may be one of the most eventtul for a
long time, one where we learn and adapt more quickly than we've
done in the past. COVID-19 has now been with us for almost two
years, and we are learning to live with it. The development and
roll-out of vaccines are at a pace we have never seen before, and
people are adapting to a profound change in how we live our lives
with incredible resilience. It hasn't been easy, but it’s amazing
what we can achieve when we alll work together.

Approaching the need to remove carbon from our atmosphere in the
energy transition, in the same way, is critical, At Centrica, we choose
to see the opportunity in net zero, not the obstacles. The opportunity
to contribute to the essential reduction in climate change; to create
thousands of well-paid, skilled jobs; to help our customers decide
the best path to net zero for them; and to make net zero achievable
by making it affordable. It's both daunting and exciting; a huge
challenge but also a huge opportunity for Centrica, whether you

call it the energy transition, net zero, or decarbonisation.

Throughout 2021 we've been working hard to steer your Company
in the right direction. Whilst we still have a long way to go, there are
positive signs that we are beginning to turn around our business.
We clearly need to improve our customer service levels, particularly
in British Gas Services & Solutions where absence levels more than
doubled in 2021, meaning we struggled to provide as high a level of
service as | would have liked. Central to this journey is our continued
and relentless focus on simplifying our business. building the
workforce to deliver net zero, and empowering those colleagues

to deliver the best for our customers — happy colleagues mean
happy customers, which leads to happy shareholders.

Building the workforce for a net zero future
Reaching an agreement with colleagues and implementing new
terms and conditions were critical steps to put us on a steady footing
to compete. We had seen our customer numbers and share price
decline for many years and this prevented us from creating new

jobs. | regret the pain felt by colleagues and customers during this
process. But it has allowed us to get back to recruiting in a big way.
This underpins our commitment to creating at least one new
apprenticeship for every day of this eventful decade.

I'm pleased that in 2021 we created around 600 new. highly skilled
and well-paid British jobs through our apprenticeship scheme.

4 Centrica ple Annual Report and Accounts 2021

Whilst we have some way to go to achieve our 2030 ambition that
50% of these recruits are women, we are making inroads with over
25% of our apprentices recruited this year being women. These are
the engineers who wil install and maintain your smart meter, electric
vehicle charge point, hycirogen boiler, electric heat pump, radiators,
and hot water tanks. These are the people who will deliver the net
Zero future of the UK. We are doing all of this today, and we'll be
doing more tomorrow.

Listening to colleagues

Our colleagues are vital to turning around our business. This year,
we have spent more time than ever before listening to colleagues
and acting on what we hear. Colleague engagement has been
unacceptably low over recent years, and we have set a target

of achieving engagement levels seen in high-performing companies
over three years. This requires an average increase of 10 percentage
points per year. | think we are beginning to turn a corner, with
colleague engagement scores increasing by 13 points over the
year to 55%. Engaged colleagues will see the opportunities

rather than the problems; empowered colleagues will cleliver

those opportunities.

Although there is stil a long way to go, ! am encouraged that we are
heading in the right direction. We launched our Shadow Board this
year, which comprises colleagues from across the business and in
different locations. They are empowered to influence decisions,
positively disrupt assumptions, challenge my thinking and that of the
Centrica Leadership Team, and advocate for colleague-centred
decision-making. I'm already enjoying our meetings and the valuable
and diverse perspectives of our Shadow Board.

And we've made great progress on creating a workplace where
everyone feels welcome and included. | am incredibly proud of the
work achieved in collaboration with our many colleague networks

to raise awareness and produce guidelines for topics that have been
considered workplace taboos for far too long, including menopause,
fertility. domestic abuse and gender transitioning. At Centrica,
nothing is off the table - we will discuss anything our colleagues
want us to.

Simplifying the portfolio

Whether it's the £2,7 billion disposal of Direct Energy completed

in early 2021; the headline price of £0.8 billion for the disposal of
Spirit Energy's Norwegian business; or the smaller disposals of
fo-Tahoe, an Al-driven data management business, and the former
British Gas headquarters in Staines; we are focusing on our core
capabilities, so we can improve, strengthening our foundations

so we can grow.

Although the disposal of Spirit Energy's Norwegian business took
longer than we would have liked, we wanted to make sure we got
the right deal, and this meant making sure we sold the business

to people who could give us the confidence they would meet the
substantial associated decommissioning liabilties for two reasons:
firstly, to make sure the assets are decommissioned in a way which
is right for our planet; and secondly, to make sure the cost doesn't
come back to Centrica. Whilst we have retained Spirit Energy's
assets in the UK and the Netherlands, we won't invest in exploring
for new hydrocarbons. We'll use the cash flows generated by Spirit
to meet the remaining decommissioning obligations. The business
is in run-off. and we'll seek to realise value through a combination
of running fields to the end of their life, selling fields to responsible
buyers, or, where possible, converting fields to aid in the energy
transition, for example, capturing and storing carbon,

Simplifying the business

Our new business unit structure and delayered organisation are now
established. As part of this. we split British Gas into two separate
businesses: British Gas Energy and British Gas Services & Solutions.
This allows us to focus on what's important for customers who often
have different needs; however. the businesses will also continue to
work very closely alongside each other to deliver combined solutions
to those customers who want both energy and services. Both
businesses have new managing directors appointed this year.
Catherine O'Kelly. who has been with Centrica since 2011 and

most recently led Bord Gais Energy in Ireland, tooks after British Gas
Energy. Jana Siber looks after British Gas Services & Solutions,
having joined us early in 2022 from Arriva Group, where she

was managing director for Mainland Europe. | am delighted to

have Catherine and Jana in these roles; they both bring a wealth

of experience with them.

Reflecting on our 2021 financial performance
Kate Ringrose, our Group Chief Financial Officer, covers the financial
performance in detail on pages 16 to 21. On the whole, we managed
the volatile external environment well during 2021.

We continue to focus on cash flow generation and balance sheet
strength, and ended the year with net cash of £680 million
compared to net debt of £2,998 million at the end of 2020, as we
received proceeds from the Direct Energy sale and maintained a
tight focus on costs, capital expenditure and restructuring spend
across the Company.

‘Adjusted basic earnings per share from continuing operations were
up 46% to 4.1p as the positive impacts of higher commodity prices
on our Upstream activities, cost efficiencies and a partial recovery
from COVID-19 impacts in 2020 more than offset the impact of

a disappointing British Gas Services & Solutions performance

and lower Energy Marketing & Trading profit.

Statutory basic earnings per share from continuing operations were
40p compared to a loss of 4.7p in 2020, which included the impact
of material impairment of Upstream assets due to the increase in
commodity prices.

Responsible energy

We've seen substantial increases in global wholesale energy prices,
which will inevitably lead to higher prices for all energy customers.

We provide energy to retail customers principally in two countries,
Ireland and the UK, which are part of a global energy market and
dependent on gas imports: both are part of a very interconnected
European electricity and gas market. Recent months have seen an
unprecedented change in these markets, with a surge in European
electricity and global gas prices exposing the fragility of suppliers
with unsustainable business models. The current situation
demonstrates the importance of having a responsible business
model and a disciplined approach to hedging and risk management,
with the capabilities in our Energy Marketing & Trading business
proving particularly valuable.

g
a
&
3
D
2
3
g

The collapse of energy suppliers, principally in the UK, has resulted
in millions of customers being moved to new suppliers through
Oigem's Supplier of Last Resort Process. We played our part to
‘support customers, taking on more than 700,000 new customers
from failed suppliers since 1 January 2021 to date and ensuring their
continued supply of gas and electricity. This is a distressing time for
those customers and a worrying time for all customers, and we will
do everything we can to help.

Again, we see a huge opportunity to fix issues in the UK's complex
energy regulations to ensure this crisis never happens again by
simplifying and strengthening regulations to protect customers.

We want the regulator to retain but reform price regulation.

The sector is collectively loss-making, and this means it is not
sustainable. The regulator and suppliers need to work together to
reform price regulations in a way that is fair to all customers. protects
vulnerable customers through the transition to low carbon and
attracts the investment needed to meet the net zero challenge.

Right now. consumers are paying the price for multiple supplier
failures largely due to irresponsible practices and poor business
models. The energy retail market requires stronger prudential
regulation to ensure those involved in the inclustry are fit and proper,
companies have adequate capital and properly monitored risk
management procedures, and customer deposits are properly
protected. Requiring every customer in the UK to pay to replace
customer deposits spent by failed companies is not the same as
safeguarding customer deposits. We believe energy suppliers in

the UK should be able to refund all customer deposits on demand.
‘As a responsible supplier, we separately identify customer deposits,
and held nearly £300 million in a separate bank account as at the
end of 2021. We have urged our regulator. Ofgem, to make this a
requirement for all energy suppliers without delay. Until this happens.
we run the wholly unacceptable and very real risk of history
repeating itself.

The focus of regulation also needs to change. It needs to be about
customer requirements and protection rather than success being
measured mainly by customer switching rates. Recent changes
and announcements from Ofgem are a step in the right direction
but much more is needed.

Ofgem have also launched proposals to implement additional
assessments for energy market participants from 1 April 2022
and a consultation on proposed changes to the supplier licence
application guidance. We wait to see the exact nature and timing
of any changes and we'll continue to engage with Ofgem on the
future of retail energy markets in the UK, to ensure that well run,
responsible suppliers can make a fair return.

Playing our part to tackle climate change

COP26 was a significant moment for the UK, and it highlighted,
‘once again, the existential threat of climate change. | had the
privilege of attending the summit. where | saw the business
community's increased presence, which is a positive thing because
collaboration with all parts of society is critical for developing new
technologies, new thinking, and renewed determination to tackle
climate change.

Centrica plc Annual Report and Accounts 2021 5

Strategic Report | Group Chief Executive’s Statement continued

if we all work together, we will deliver net zero. As for the outcome
of COP26, | think it's a step in the right direction, and now we have
to build on the momentum. We'll do everything we can on this front,
working with all of our commercial partners, customers, government
and non-governmental organisations.

The solutions to climate change require a range of technologies,
including increased electrification and decarbonised gas such as
hydrogen. Ideally, we'd alll like decarbonisation to happen tomorrow,
but in reality, it can't. We need to use gas in the interim and, for many
years to come, to help us to get net zero. It may be an unpalatable
truth for some, but we must favour pragmatism over ideology to
achieve the end goal. It's why | am sceptical of people pushing for
a one-size-fits-all approach because it doesn't help. Our customers
want hassle-free and affordable solutions. As the UK and Ireland's
biggest electricity and gas supplier, we speak from more than

200 years of experience.

We must realise that everyone's circumstances are not the same, so
we must ensure that the transition to net zero is fair and affordable
for all so nobody gets left behind. This is the ethos that runs through
our Climate Transition Plan, which we launched in 2021 to outline in
detail how we intend to become a net zero business by 2045 and
use our services and solutions capability to help our customers be
net zero by 2050. We will never tire of advocating for our customers
— we want to do this with our customers, not to them.

Continuing what we started

Many of our colleagues had the honour of participating in the London
Marathon this year for our charity partner, Carers UK. There are
interesting parallels between running a marathon and turning around

our business. First, you have to build a resilient