Helping you
live sustainably,
simply and
affordably

*AC66BIMQ*

centrica

We put colleagues and
customers at the heart
of everything we do,
delivering innovative
energy and services
solutions to help
homes, businesses
and communities live
sustainably, simply
and affordably.

Key to this is our talented team of 20,000
colleagues including 7,000 engineers,
who serve millions of customers every day
through trusted brands like British Gas,
Bord Gais Energy and Centrica Business
Solutions.

Our focus on improving operational
performance, a strong financial position and
a responsible approach to business means
our customers can rely on us for their
energy needs. It also allows us to invest

in energy security and the transition to net
zero whilst creating the diverse and inclusive
team we need to succeed and contribute

to the communities we're all part of.

In doing so, we can add value for
customers, colleagues, communities
and shareholders alike.

Find out more at centrica.com

Unless otherwise stated, all references to the Company shall mean Centrica ple
(Registered in England and Wales No. 3033654); references to the Group shall mean
Centrica ple and alt ofits subsidiary entities: and relerences to operating profit or

loss, taxation, cash flow, earnings and earnings per share throughout the Strategic
Report are adjusted figures, reconciled to their statutory equivalents in the Group Chief
Financial Oicer's Report on pages 14 to 20. See also notes 2, 4 and 10 to the Financial
Statements on pages 128 0 129, 197 to 143 and 154 to 155 for further details of these
adjusted performance measures. In addition see pages 253 to 257 for an explanation and
reconciliation of other adjusted performance measures used within the document.

01

02

03

Our strategy and business model

Our strategy is driven by our Purpose to

help customers live sustainably, simply and

affordably. We have evolved our strategy

to help meet the challenges of today and

prepare us for a net zero future.

+ Read more about our strategy and business
model on pages 7 to 11

People and Planet

Our People & Planet Pian aims to create a
more inclusive and sustainable future. From
being a net zero business by 2045 and
helping our customers be net zero by 2050,
to creating the diverse and inclusive team to
get there.

+ Read more on pages 39 to 54

Our stakeholders

Engaging a diverse range of stakeholders,
including our workforce, enables us to
deliver on our strategic objectives by
understanding risks and opportunities better,
whilst creating stronger outcomes for people
and planet.
+ Read more on pages 12 to 13, 37 to 38

and 70 to 71

Strategic Report

1 Group Highlights
2 Chairman's Statement
4 Group Chief Executive's Statement
7 Our Purpose, Culture and Values
8 Our Strategy & Business Model
10 Macro Trends
11 Market Changes
12 Stakeholder Engagement
14 Group Chief Financial Officer's Report
21 Qur View on Taxation
22 Business Review
26 Key Performance Indicators
28 Our Principal Risks and Uncertainties
34 Assessment of Viability Disclosure
37 Group Chief People Officer's Report
39 People and Planet
~ Non-Financial Information Statement
Task Force on Climate-related
Financial Disclosures
Governance
56 Directors’ and Corporate
Governance Report
58 Corporate Governance Statement
- Board of Directors
72 Committee Reports
~ Audit and Risk Committee
- Nominations Committee
~ Safety, Environment and
Sustainability Committee
- Remuneration Committee
104 Other Statutory Information

Financial Statements

108
121
122

123
124
125
126
225
237
238
239

Independent Auditor's Report
Group Income Statement

Group Statement of Comprehensive
Income

Group Statement of Changes in Equity
Group Balance Sheet

Group Cash Flow Statement

Notes to the Financial Statements
Company Financial Statements

Gas and Liquids Reserves (Unaudited)
Five Year Summary (Unaudited)

Ofgem Consolidated Segmental
Statement

Other Information

252
253

258

IBC

Shareholder information
Additional Information

~ Explanatory Notes (Unaudited)
People and Planet

~ Performance Measures
Glossary

Strategic report | C:

Group Highlights

Group Operational Metrics

British Gas Services & Solutions
- Services Engineer Net
Promoter Score"

2022 NE «6+
202) TS 60

Total recordable injury
frequency rate

(per 200,000 hours of worked)
2022 IS 1.12

221 TT 07

Colleague engagement

2022 A 73°
202] NS 5%

Total greenhouse gas
emissions (tCO,e)

2022
2021 SEE :.032,807°

+ Included in DNV Business Assurance Services UK Limited (ONW)'s independent limited assurance
engagement. See page 258 or centrica.com/assurance for more.
(1) Measured independently, through individual questionnaires, the customer's willingness
to recommend British Gas following an engineer visit
{@) Restated due to Liquified Natural Gas shipping and the retained Spirit Energy assets in the UK
and the Netherlands moving into scope. See pages 43 and 52,

Group Financial Metrics (Year

Strong underlying financial performance, with the Company managing
elevated and volatile commodity prices very well.

Group adjusted

‘operating profit basic EPS

£3,308m 34.9p

Group adjusted

Group free cash flow
from continuing
‘operations

£2,487m

4.Ap £1,174m
Adjusted net cash Full year dividend
per share
£1,199m 3.0
£680m -

Statutory loss and earnings predominantly reflects the impact of falling
commodity prices towards the end of the year, on the value of forward
commodity purchases. This will unwind over future periods.

Group statutory operating
(loss)/profit

£(240)m

basic EPS

20.7p

Group statutory

(13.3p)

Group statutory net
cash flow from
operating activities

£1,314m

Strategic report | (

Chairman’s Statement

Scott Wheway
Chairman

In many ways Centrica’s centrally
important role in the energy market has
been affirmed over the last 12 months.
During times of uncertainty, our size,
strength and responsible approach
has helped provide stability in a crisis
that, despite it being no fault of energy
customers, has left many struggling.

I'm proud of what we've managed to achieve over the last year
to stabilise the market. We have taken on more than 700,000
customers from failed energy suppliers since the second half

of 2021. We agreed a deal with Equinor to bring adcitional gas
supplies to the UK, which has already started delivering enough
gas to heat an additional 4.5 million UK homes over the next three
years. We brought 36 Liquified Natural Gas (LNG) cargoes into the
UK, enough to supply millions of homes. And we have re-opened
our Rough gas storage facility in the North Sea, adding 50% to the
UK's capacity and boosting the UK's energy resilience.

All of these actions help incrementally reduce costs for our
customers and strengthen the UK's energy security.

We've also taken more direct action for customers, having created
the largest voluntary energy support fund for customers in the UK,
helping those struggling with rising costs through grants of up to
£1,500. Nobody has done more than Centrica in this space. We
donated more money in grants for support and invested more in
customer service to meet additional demand, than we made in
profit from British Gas Energy.

Outperforming expectations

We've been clear that Centrica has been in a period of turnaround
since 2020. in 2022, while we reported a statutory loss, we
delivered strong operational performance, which is reflected in

‘ur undertying financial result. Elevated market prices and volatility
provided favourable market conditions for our Energy Marketing &
Trading business, which continues to play a critical role in storing,
transporting and balancing energy supply across Europe. However,
tam confident that even in a more benign environment we would
have seen adjusted earnings growth, demonstrating our progress
towards delivering the turnaround of Centrica.

I was pleased that we have been able to reinstate the dividend
at a prudent and sensible level. As shareholders you have been
very patient during years of underperformance. The reinstatement,
and the start of a share repurchase programme in November,
underpins the Board's confidence in the strength of Centrica and
the journey we are on to grow a sustainable business that delivers
for our colleagues, our customers, our shareholders and the UK
as a whole.

Responding to the cost of energy supplier failures

We know that customers are struggling financially in these
challenging economic times. On a number of occasions this year
| have spent time speaking with colleagues who take calls from
our customers. No one could fail to be touched by some of the
accounts our staff hear every day of people genuinely struggling
to make ends meet.

Almost 30 suppliers failed during 2021-2022, leaving the customers
of other suppliers to bear the cost. Given how high customer bills
are already, many simply cannot afford to keep picking up the tab
for the failure of suppliers. This is why we are continuing to engage
with both the UK energy regulator and the Government to put in
place a robust regulatory framework that will deliver a future retail
energy market that is stable and puts at its heart the long-term
interests of customers.

Strong expertise and capability in risk
management and managing commodity markets
While 2022 has been a challenging year for our retail energy
supply and services businesses, this has been compensated by
the rest of our portfolio, with our Optimisation and Infrastructure
businesses delivering strong operational and financial performance.
This is a demonstration of the resilience that comes from having

a balanced portfolio.

Part of the reason we have been able to manage the storm is
our ability to manage our commodity exposure and risk in core
markets, thanks to the strong expertise and capability we have
built over a number of years within our Energy Marketing &
Trading business.

With European energy markets increasingly interlinked, it is an
advantage to have expanded our activities outside our core
markets of the UK and Ireland, In total, we now trade in 24 markets
across Europe and employ around 600 colleagues across our main
offices in Aalborg, London, and Antwerp. This is a core platform

for growth within the business.

The important role of natural gas in the net

zero transition

The significant increase in energy costs was born not just of the
conflict in Ukraine, which has created greater uncertainty in energy
markets, but also the premature disinvestment in natural gas driven
by the urgent necessity to move away from carbon-emitting assets.

The net zero transition is happening at pace, but the reality is
that given current capacity and the time it takes to build new
infrastructure, the combination of solar, wind, nuclear and battery
storage are not yet sufficiently developed to allow us to turn our
back on gas completely.

It is likely that for the next 15 years methane will continue to play
a role as a transition fuel. On one hand, by helping to keep UK
homes warm, and on the other providing vital balance to support
the growth of renewables. At present, around 40% of the UK's
power comes from gas-fired turbines, which are typically brought
online to fil the gap when renewables aren't generating sufficiently
to meet our needs.

Although this figure is likely to decrease year on year, as more
renewable assets are built and technologies develop, gas is likely
to continue to play an important role for the foreseeable future -
playing a vital balancing role in energy markets.

Transitional times for energy

A strong and responsible Centrica is uniquely placed to help see
us through to the next phase of the energy transition.

The roll-out of net zero technology remains at a nascent stage,
nevertheless we installed around 8,000 electric vehicle charging
points and nearly 50,000 hydrogen blend ready boilers last year.
And while demand hasn't been as high in 2022 as we'd hoped,
we still installed more heat pumps than any other supplier in the
UK and we've got plans to significantly ramp up roll-out through
our British Gas Net Zero Ventures business which has launched
a market-leading price guarantee to tackle affordability.

Strategic report | Centr

It's estimated around £500 billion could need to be spent on
transforming the UK and Ireland's housing stock for net zero.
Having the largest engineering force in the industry positions
us to deliver a significant proportion of those upgrades.

We are laying the groundwork by growing our apprenticeship
programme and providing world-class engineer training in

our academies ~ to help develop the right capabilities for future
net zero driven growth. This gives us confidence for the future
of our services business,

We're excited too about the role that hydrogen can play in energy
generation, heating homes and decarbonising transportation.

Hydrogen represents an opportunity for the UK to return to energy
independence, But it will need long-term thinking beyond the usual
Political cycles, as well as both public and private investment to
deliver at the scale and pace required. We're in a race with other
developed economies for first mover advantage and the rewards
for the winner could be very attractive.

Without question, a combination of technologies will be required,
creating opportunities for companies with strong balance sheets,
flexible business models and detailed knowledge of markets.

In summary

This year's strong performance demonstrates the new resilience
of Centrica, showing our ability to trade through difficult times
while providing support to our customers struggling with the
cost of living crisis.

There is still work to do, and we haven't got everything right,
but we're striving to improve.

Centrica is evolving into a new type of integrated energy company
using our strong established positions in retail, optimisation and
infrastructure. These capabilities and our financial strength are a
result of the magnificent work of every member of the Centrica
team and | want to take this opportunity to thank them for
everything they have done for our customers, shareholders

and our wider stakeholders in 2022.

Scott Wheway, Chairman
15 February 2023

Group Chief
Executive’s Statement

Chris O'Shea
Group Chief
Executive

When | wrote to you last year, | said it
appeared that this decade may be one
of the most eventful for a long time,
one where we learn and adapt more
quickly than we’ve done in the past.
I’m sure you'll agree that 2022 was
another year where the unexpected
became the norm!

It's hard to look at a news site or watch a news programme
without seeing a mention of ‘global warming’, ‘climate change’.
‘net zero’, ‘energy transition’ or ‘decarbonisation’. And it’s difficult
to know what to think — is it a real threat? Is it exaggerated?
What does it mean for society, and for your Company, both today
and in the future?

My belief is that climate change is the biggest single threat facing
civilisation today, and net zero is the biggest single opportunity
we have at Centrica

Climate change is real, it's here, and it's impacting lives across the
planet. We can see that clearly with changing weather patterns.
Reducing the carbon we put into the atmosphere is the best way
to stop the march towards a climate catastrophe. Transforming
how we generate, store and use energy can make a huge
difference to reducing the warming of our planet.

Longer term, if the net zero transition is thoughtful and targeted,

it can keep prices stable for customers and drive economic growth,
especially for those companies and countries at the forefront of

the transition.

Russia's invasion of Ukraine led to an energy crisis on a scale not
seen in decades. Using our agilty, skills and assets to support
energy security in our core markets of the UK and Ireland and
help customers navigate through the cost of living crisis has been
mission critical.

Protecting vulnerable customers is also an absolute priority and we
have clear processes and policies to ensure we manage customer
debt carefully and safely. We need to strike a balance between
managing spiralling bad debt and being aware that there are those
who refuse to pay and those who cannot pay.

However, allegations around a third-party contractor
were unacceptable, | was deeply concerned to hear how

some vulnerable customers appeared to be treated in our name,
this is simply not how we should do business. We will get to the
bottom of this and where we got it wrong, we'll make it right.

No one else in the industry has put in place the level of support
for those struggling to pay that we have. We were right to invest
in customer care and to set up a £50 million support fund for
vulnerable customers. We have taken the decision to suspend
prepayment warrant activity and have called on Government,
industry and the regulator to come together to agree a long-term
plan to address the issue of affordability and the needs of
vulnerable customers and, ultimately, create an energy market
that is sustainable.

Uniquely integrated

Your Company is a uniquely integrated energy company operating
primarily in the UK and Ireland, active in both energy and related
services. We operate across the energy sector with distinct but
complementary businesses.

‘* We Make it - Producing gas at Spirit Energy and generating
electricity through our Nuclear stake and in Centrica Business
Solutions

* We Store it - Both gas storage through Centrica Storage Limited
and electricity storage in our Centrica Business Solutions battery
projects

‘* We Move it - Our Energy Marketing & Trading team is one
of Europe's largest wholesalers of gas and electricity

* We Sell it - Over 8 million homes are supplied with gas
and electricity through British Gas and Bord Gais Eneray

‘* We Mend it ~ We install and maintain heating systems
in more than 3 million homes

No other company is as comprehensively involved in the UK &
Ireland energy markets and as well placed to both drive, and
benefit from, the energy transition. In 2022, we have been busy
dealing with the energy crisis in Europe and its impact on our
customers, investing in improved customer service, simplifying our
business, growing our workforce for the future, and empowering
our colleagues to deliver for our customers - happy colleagues
mean happy customers, which leads to happy shareholders.

When we set out on the turnaround of Centrica three years
ago, we had a clear view of the three stages:

1. Simplifying the portfolio and strengthening
the balance sheet;

2. Stabilising the Company and driving operational
performance; and

3. Delivering growth and positioning ourselves for net zero.

Progress made in 2022

Every one of our eight business units has substantial growth
opportunities, whether it's growing customer numbers and new
customer offerings in our Retail businesses; expanding both our
Liquefied Natural Gas (LNG) business and our Route-to-Market
activities for third-party power producers in our Optimisation
businesses; or growing both our gas and electricity storage and our
electricity generation capacity in our Infrastructure businesses.

In order to capture these opportunities, we needed to make sure
our foundations were solid so that whatever we build is sustainable.
Some of our businesses are further on than others, and you can
see from the results that 2022 has been a year of building on the
foundations we laid in 2020 and 2021, and starting to show that
we can grow again.

The glue that holds our Group together is our Energy Marketing &
Trading business, matching our energy production to our customer
needs and making sure we have access to additional third party
gas and electricity where needed to make up any shortfall. Our
operations are critical to security of supply across Europe, and

the team did an amazing job in 2022, making sure that we had
enough gas and electricity to supply our customers. They secured

Energy Movers by Nature

On Wednesday 20 July 2022 parts of East London
came perilously close to a blackout due to surging
electricity demand combined with a still day which

meant wind farms were not turning.

Our Energy Trading & Marketing team did what they
do many times a day and found a solution, which
played an important role in ensuring that the lights
stayed on and homes and businesses could continue
with their daily operations. Because we operate
across the continent, we were able to move electricity
from Belgium, where conventional electricity plants
were fired-up and the electrons propelled back across
the channel. All of this happened in under two hours.

We provide 15% of the traded volume that the UK
electricity grid relies upon. Every year we are playing
a more significant role as the energy makers and
movers that keep the wheels turning. We currently
manage more than 15GW of third-party electricity
generation assets, with everything from solar farms
to grid-scale batteries helping to put power where
it's needed. Our team in Denmark help to physically
balance gas and power markets across Europe and
our team in Belgium operates one of Europe's biggest
virtual power plants, combining thousands of assets
to provide the flexibility grid operators need.

Strategic report | Ce

gas from Norway and the USA amongst other countries, and
electricity from the Nordics, Spain, France, Belgium and elsewhere,
helping to maintain supplies for homes and businesses in the UK
and Ireland. We put well over £1 billion of gas into storage across
Europe to withdraw in 2023 when customers need it most, and
we continued to play a major role in balancing physical gas and
electricity markets across many European countries. This team of
around 600 colleagues, based in the UK and Denmark, sit in the
background quietly doing their work to make sure countries have
the right amount of gas and power in the right place at the right
time, moving gas around the world on ships as LNG or through
pipelines in Europe, and moving power through the cables and
interconnectors which connect different European power markets.

In British Gas Energy, we grew our customer numbers organically
for the first time in many years. We now have more than 2 million
customers on our new cloud-based IT platform and I'm looking
forward to accelerating the transition of customers during 2023
This is not only to give our customers better service, but to allow
us to use an integrated system which will allow households to.
dynamically manage their energy use and earn new revenue
streams by what is known as Demand Side Response (SR).

British Gas Services and Solutions completed the first year of
its turnaround. We made material investments in improving our
customer service, and whilst this means that this year’s financial
performance is disappointing, we leave 2022 with our operations
ina stronger place than they have been for many years. In 2023,
our efforts will be on maintaining the operational improvements
and rebuilding commercial offerings to our customers, focused on
what they want to buy. Undoubtedly the current cost of living crisis
has had an impact on customer demand in 2022, and whilst this
is expected to continue into 2023, we believe that longer term, this
business will be at the forefront of the UK's journey to net zero.

The building blocks are being put in place with the formation of
the British Gas Net Zero Ventures team, which is already delivering
greater flexibility for customers through the launch of Peak Save,
as well as installing the electric vehicle (EV) charge points and
heat pumps that put our customers at the very heart of residential
decarbonisation, and in greater control of their energy future.

Bord Gais Energy performed well in the year, demonstrating the
value of vertical integration as we invested some of the additional
profits from our Whitegate power station in keeping customer
prices as low as we could. During the year we took the decision to
invest €250 million in two new hydrogen-ready gas-fired electricity
plants to bring much-needed flexible and readily available electricity
to the Irish market.

Demand Side

When there's not enough

can be paid to reduce demand,
thus helping balance the grid

‘Strategic report |

Centrica Business Solutions delivered a profit, made material
progress towards building out its S0OMW target of flexible
generating assets and has an exciting, diverse pipeline of projects.

In our Infrastructure businesses | was delighted that we were

able to return the Rough gas field in the North Sea to storage
operations in September, and withdrew the first gas from storage
for five years on 30 November. Whilst only at 20% of its previous
capacity, this is a critical first step to underpin the return to full
capacity, and an investment of up to £2 billion to build the world’s
largest hydrogen storage facilities right here in the UK. Spirit
Energy had a strong year in gas production, while also beginning
to prepare for a carbon-free future by submitting an application for
a carbon storage licence for the huge Morecambe Bay gas field in
the East irish Sea. This is the first step towards building what could
be one of the world's largest carbon storage facilities. And our
Nuclear electricity generation business had a strong year, delivering
higher volumes and profits in 2022.

Managing responsibly for all stakeholders

Companies have a responsibility to make sure they are a

constructive and responsible part of society, and at Centrica
we are focused on delivering for all stakeholders — including
colleagues, customers, communities and our shareholders.

We are supporting our 20,000 colleagues through these
challenging times, including through the payment of two significant
one-off cost of living payments. For customers, we provided by
some distance the largest ever energy support package in the

UK and Ireland. And we'll continue to review what more we can
do as times remain hard for many customers, having committed
to donate 10% of both British Gas Energy and Bord Géis Energy's
profits to help until the current crisis is over.

We donated £4.5 million to a number of charities, including over
£1 million to the Disasters Emergency Committee Ukraine fund.
We also took the decision in January to return £27 million received
in 2020 from the UK Government under the furlough scheme.

| also feel it's important that we continue to be good neighbours
in the communities we serve. This has seen us commit to give
100,000 volunteering days into local communities by 2030, as
part of our People & Planet goals. All of our colleagues can use
15 hours of their time each year to support local communities.

And we also delivered for our shareholders - restarting dividend
Payments and commencing our £250 milion share repurchase
programme.

Reflecting on our 2022 financial performance
While a detailed breakdown of our financial performance is within
the Group Chief Financial Officer's Report on pages 14 to 20,

| would like to briefly reflect on a year which has seen us expertly
Navigate volatile trading conditions.

The Group's adjusted earnings per share from continuing
operations reached 34.9 pence, up from 4.1 pence during the
previous year, as we delivered strong performance in Energy
Marketing & Trading and our Upstream businesses. Free cash
flow was also up significantly, and we closed the year with

£1.2 billion of adjusted net cash.

Continuing what we started

Last year, | noted that our people had started to adopt a winning
mindset, and | have seen that our passion and determination to
succeed Continued to build momentum throughout 2022. We have
a plan of action underpinned by our Purpose, and customers are
at the heart of it.

We'll continue to focus on the end goal; by doing that, we'll put
ourselves in the best position to drive further improvements in our
performance and ultimately deliver long-term shareholder value.

We'll continue to do all we can to support colleagues and
customers through difficult, uncertain times.

---

nd environ

issues through local and national
partnerships.

Infrastructure + Read more on pages 12 to 13 and

pages 68 to 69 in our $172 disclosure

Risk Management Governance

The Group's Risk Management framework protects Centrica’s The Group's governance framework seeks to support the creation

financial, operational and strategic assets by identifying, assessing _of long-term value by enabling effective decision-making for delivery

and responding appropriately to our key risks and uncertainties. of the overarching strategy, as well as ensuring that the views of all
stakeholders are properly considered and that reporting is accurate

+ Read more on pages 29-33 and transparent.

+ Read more on pages 56-71

10 Strategic report | Centrica plc Annual Report and Acco

Macro Trends

The need to decarbonise

We continue to face into How we're responding

the biggest challenge our * Investing in green and flexible generation and

industry, Government storage through a range of participation models ‘
and customers have * Developing potential options for scale investment

faced — climate change. in low carbon infrastructure supporting the

system today and in the future
* Helping customers on their decarbonisation
the transition to net journeys, installing heat pumps and electric
zero by developing the vehicle chargers while exploring the future
green economy, findir of hydrogen

sustainable solutions for i
customers, and ensuring

a just transition.

Enabling system flexibility

The energy system of How we’re responding

the future will need to be © We are optimising the buying and selling of

flexible, creating a greener renewable power through our trading business

and more intelligent grid * Our leading connectivity and optimised

alongside increasingly trading technology is being embedded in our

connected demand in customer solutions and systems

customers’ homes and * Through Hive we are bringing customers

businesses is our ultimate along the journey and building solutions that

vision. We continue to allow them to be active participants in helping
jevelop our market- manage the UK's energy system, accessing

leading solutions to enable rewards, saving costs and decarbonising

this future

The need to support consumer change

Consumers continue How we're responding

to be at the core of + Through digitalising our energy and services

our priorities with our businesses with new, flexible platforms we will

focus being providing be able to ensure our customers have access

the best service and to quality service at an affordable price

cost competitiveness * We are committed to enabling the transition to

throughout the transition, net zero and will continue to provide the best

while ing the energy and heating solutions to our customers,

confidence and tools to tailored to their homes and businesses

enable the roll-out of the * We advocate for the policy changes needed

technology of the future. to reach net zero and drive the market on our

customers’ behalf j