. . centrica —
Energising
a greener,
fairer future

ff aman

*AE2INSWH*
A06 14/05/2025
COMPANIES HOUSE

Centrica pic
Annual Report and Accounts 2024

By delivering the energy our
customers need today, and the
energy security, efficiency, and
decarbonisation solutions needed
for the future, we are perfectly
positioned to grow through the
energy transition.

We have been at the centre of the UK
energy industry for over 200 years,
and our integrated businesses share
acommon purpose — energising a
greener, fairer future.

Strategic Report 66 Non-Financial and Sustainability Financial Statements
oa Information Statement ;
1 Group hightights 67. Task Force on Climate-related 154 Independent Auditor's Report
2 Centrica at a glance Financial Disclosures 167 Group Income Statement
4 Chair's statement 73 Ourupdated Climate Transition Plan 168 Group Statement of Comprehensive
7 Group Chief Executive's statement 2024 Income
11 Our Purpose and Values 169 Group Statement of Changes in Equity
12 Ourstakeholders Governance 170 Group Balance Sheet
14 Business overview 80 Directors’ and Corporate Governance 171 Group Cash Flow Statement
16 Market trends Report 172 Notes to the Financial Statements
18 Ourstrategic value drivers 86 Biographies 270 Company Financial Statements
26 Group Chief Financial Officer's report 94 The Board's duties under Section172 281 Gas and Liquids Reserves (Unaudited)
32 Our view on taxation 100 Audit and Risk Committee 282 Five Year Summary (Unaudited)
33 Business review 112 Nominations Committee

38 Key performance indicators
40 Our Principal Risks and uncertainties
52 Assessment of viability 416 Remuneration Re
port vgs .
° 284 Additional Information — Explanator
54 Group Chet People Oticersrepert 44g. Other statutory information Auditions information ~ Explanatory
289 People and Planet - Performance
Measures
292 Glossary

14 Safety. Environment and Other Information

Sustainability Committee 283 Shareholder Information

Unless otherwise stated, allreferences to the Company shall mean Centrica pc (registered in England and Wales No. 3033654): and references to the Group shall mean Centrica ple and
allof its subsidiary undertakings and equity-accounted associate/joint venture undertakings: and references to operating profit or loss, taxation, cash flow. earnings and earnings per share
throughout the Strategic Report are adjusted figures, reconciled to their statutory equivalents in the Group Chief Financial Officer's Report on pages 26 to 31. See alsonotes 2.4 and 10to
the Financial Statements on pages 174 to 175, 183 to 189 and 200 for further details of these adjusted performance measures. In addition see pages 284 to 288 for an explanation and
reconciliation of other adjusted performance measures used within the document. This Annual Report and Accounts does not offer investment advice, and does contain forward-looking
statements. The Disclaimer relating to this Annual Report and Accounts is included on page 293.

Centrica ple Annual Report and Accounts 2024

Group highlights

We reported another strong result in 2024 against a more
normalised market backdrop. Further operational improvements
are resulting in higher levels of customer satisfaction and helping
to underpin delivery of more innovative propositions. Alongside
this, we have continued to invest in assets aligned to the changing
energy system, creating a range of long-term options ensuring we
remain well-positioned to create value today and into the future.

Group operational metrics

British Gas Energy — Residential British Gas Services & Solutions — Total recordable injury frequency
energy TouchpointNetPromoter Services Engineer NPS rate (per 200.000 hours worked)
Score (NPS)”

{ 2023 +7 {2028 +71 { 2023 0.84

Colleague engagement” Total greenhouse gas emissions
(tCOze)

2023 |z7 2023 | 1,685,840

Group financial metrics (Year ended 31 December 2024)

Group statutory operating Group adjusted Group statutory Group adjusted
profit/(!oss) (£m) operating profit (Em) basic EPS (pence) basic EPS (pence)

4,703 1,552 25.7 2024 19.0
2023 6,512 [2023 2,752 [2028 “| 70.6 [2028.. 33.4

Group statutory Group free cash Adjusted net cash (£m) Full year dividend
net cash flow from flow from continuing per share (pence)
operating activities (Em) operations (£m)

r
2023 2,752 [2028 2,207 [2028 | 2.744 {2028 . 4.0

‘Included in DNV Business Assurance Services UK Limited (ONV)'sindependent ited assurance engagement. See page 289 or centrica.com/assurance for more.
(1) Measured independently, through individuat questionnaires, the customer's willingness to recommend British Gas Energy following contact. (2) Measured independently. through individual
‘questionnaires, the customer's wilingness to recommend British Gas following a gas engineer visit. (3) Engagement is based on an average score out of 10 and measures how colleagues fee!
about the Company. (4) Comprises Scope 1and 2 emissions as defined by the Greenhouse Gas Protocol. 2023 restated due to availabilty of improved data,

StrategicReport Governance FinancialStatements _ Other information

Centrica at a glance

We are an integrated energy company operating
across the energy value chain through our distinct,
but complementary businesses. Our aim is to create
value for all our stakeholders by delivering the energy
needed today and the energy security, efficiency and
decarbonisation needed for the future.

Key figures Our Purpose

1 000 At Centrica, we are ‘energising a
id greener, fairer future’ because we
believe in energy that works for our
6 800 customers, communities and
td colleagues, today and into the future.

Colleagues worldwide

Field service engineers

Customers a] Delivery @ Courage Collaboration

Our Values

16. 7GW _ @ Care

Renewable and flexible assets ——_———
under management © Read more about our Purpose and Values on page 11

9.5m Our People & Planet Plan

Gas & power trades in 2024
Our People & Planet Plan aims to create a more sustainable future - from
being a net zero business by 2040 and helping our customers be net zero

Ss [°) by 2050, to creating the diverse and inclusive team we need to achieve
(+] this, whilst making a big difference in our local communities.
Of the UK's total gas storage

capacity Supporting comm
People our planet and each othi

20 % © Read more about our People & Pianet Plan on pages 58 to 77, with further

7 information available at centrica.com/peopleandplanet
Share of the UK's nuclear portfolio. peor’

Business overview

Retail

Through our different
retail brands, we provide
energy supply and
services to households
and businesses across the
UK and Ireland, helping
them to decarbonise
while ensuring reliable and
affordable offerings

Infrastructure

We produce and store
gas and electricity every
day through our stake in
the UK's existing nuclear
fleet. our portfolio of
renewable and flexible
assets, Spirit Energy and
the Rough gas storage
facility.

Optimisation

We are moving energy
from source to use,
supporting the
responsible buying and
selling of energy and
managing risk across our
portfolio.

© Read more on page 14

Centrica ple Annual Report and Accounts 2024

HIVE centrica

Business Solutons

DYNO

centrica

Buenas Solutions

centrica

energy storage”

centrica
Bord Gais Nuclear
Eneroy
Each of our businesses

complements, de-risks Bord Gais

g
A. and adds value to one Eneray

~
British Gas another

(@phjones

Bord Gais
Energy Energy

Strategic Report

Governance

Financial Statements

Other Information

Chair’s statement

e6

In the days and years ahead, you

will see continued investment,
more innovation, and further
support for customers through
the energy transition.

Kevin O'Byrne, Chair

Itis a privilege to be writing to you for the
first time as Chair of your Company. This is
an exciting and demanding time for the
sector, and for Centrica specifically, as we
look to build on the momentum surrounding
the energy transition. Because of our unique
position in the sector, and our capabilities,
Centrica can play a pivotal role in this
transition while creating value for our
stakeholders. We believe we have the right
strategy to do this. Our integrated model

of market-leading businesses in energy
retail, optimisation and infrastructure,
complement, de-risk. and add value to

one another.

The last year has been a year of change
across the world. We've seen elections
in anumber of markets including the
UK and Ireland. We look forward to
continuing to advocate for the things
‘we know matter to our customers and
working with the new governments to
achieve these changes.

Sadly, geopolitical tensions remain high
We have stood through these crises, and
we have been there for customers.

That will continue, and we will do what
we can to provide energy security in our
key markets.

While being a stabilising force within a
volatile energy landscape we also bring
innovation, boldness and a strong desire
to improve customer service.

Over the last year we've continued to
support our colleagues, customers, and
the countries we operate in. I'd like to
touch on some of our achievements
briefly now.

Supporting our customers
successful energy company has more
capacity to provide additional support for
customers. That is one of the reasons why
our performance matters: a successful
company can be there for customers when
it matters most.

Our Centrica Purpose, energising a greener.

fairer future, puts customers right at the
heart of everything we do. Investing and
making operational improvements to
improve our customer service is a key
focus, and this work is never finished.

While we strive to domore, and be better,
for our customers I'm very happy to see our
actions and investments have a material
impact on customer outcomes

Over the course of 2024, we've seen further
progress in improving customer service in
British Gas Services & Solutions - akey
focus area. We're also delivering an
improved NPS, akey metric of customer
satisfaction, in British Gas Energy.

We've voluntarily committed £140m to
support customers since the start of the
energy crisis. This dedicated support is
especially appreciated by those customers
who we know are going through economic
hardship. This funding has been put to good
use, with a number of schemes and
initiatives being funded. For example, we
donated £20m to the British Gas Energy
Trust in January 2024, giving the Trust a
very necessary funding boost so that it can
support those who needit now, and in the
future. The British Gas Energy Trustis an
independent charitable body that does
fantastic work specialising in the support of
vulnerable people. In 2023-24, their

Centrica pic Annual Report and Accounts 2024

reporting period, they supported 64,500
people in total, through initiatives such

as energy advice and grants, and by
funding over 40 projects in the heart of
communities. According to new analysis by
Oxford Economics, the Trust has created
£264m in societal impact over the past four
years, Our colleagues and the Board are
really proud that Centrica has been able

to fund this work.

Itis clear in 2023 that we got some things
wrong and had some difficult lessons to
learn around the practice of installing
prepayment meters under warrant. a
process which remains paused. Thisis
clearly a very complex activity for all energy
suppliers to manage and we recognised in
2023, following our own review. that we
would need to make improvements. Since
then, we've implemented a number of
changes to our systems. processes, training
oversight arrangements, and we remain
committed to supporting our customers,
particularly those that are vulnerable. This is
important as there remains a material issue
with affordability.

In 2024, hundreds of thousands of
customers had trouble paying their bill in
some way. Thisis a very serious issue. We
have helped where we can. In addition to
the support we offer through our charity
partners, we launched our innovative and
first-of-its-kind “You Pay: We Pay’ scheme.
This scheme 100% matches payments that
eligible British Gas customers who are
struggling make into their account to
reduce their debt. However, the sustainable
solution to this challenge must involve
government, the regulator, energy suppliers
and charities. One such solution which we
have called for might be a social tariff,
underpinned by enhanced data sharing,

that supports the most vulnerable in society.
We must look at this holistically if we are to
find a solution that works for customers.

Supporting our colleagues
Supporting our colleaguesis the
cornerstone of our strategy. If our
colleagues are happy and engaged. then
everything else follows. 'm hugely grateful
for everything our colleagues have done
over the course of 2024 to keep safe, look
after our customers, and keep Centricaon
track with our strategy. Thank you.

It makes good business sense then for
Centrica to invest ints people and
improve its leadership capabilities. In
2024 we hired 339 new apprentices, over
100 new interns joined Centrica in the
summer of 2024, and 60 graduates came

into the business in October as part of our
graduate intake. We also increased hiring
in our customer service teams, hiring
hundreds of new agents to support our
customers and bringing our total
Customer Resolution Agents employed
to around 3,500. These colleagues will all
drive improvements in Centrica’s overall
customer service. We work hard to
ensure all of our colleagues are trained
and equipped with what they need in
order to do their jobs well.

Our colleagues also give freely to their
local communities too, and in total,
colleagues have given 10,683
volunteering days to local causes during
2024. This is an increase of 37%
compared to the previous year.

Allof this is driving change in how
satisfied our colleagues are to be working
at Centrica. Engagement, a key metric
your Board reviews to see how our
colleagues are feeling, is at 8.1,

compared to 7.7 at the end of 2023. This
improvement is a testament to the work
teams across Centrica are doing to make
this a great place to work.

You will read in the Remuneration Report
that the Remuneration Committee has
recommended changes to the pay of our
Group Chief Executive. This is a result of
an extensive review carried out by the
Committee, which will see Chris O'Shea's
total remuneration package being
brought into line with the competitive
rates paid to other FTSE 100 chief
executives. When Chris O'Shea was
appointed Group Chief Executive on

14 April 2020, the Company was ranked
154" in the FTSE with a market
capitalisation of £1.9bn. Since his
appointment, Chris has led the Centrica
Leadership Team to materially strengthen
Centrica and create substantial value for
stakeholders. On 31 December 2024,
Centrica was ranked 62" in the FTSE 100
with a market capitalisation of £6.8bn and
we have consistently been a constituent
of the FTSE 100 Index since 2022. Itis
important the Committee sets pay at
alevel that reflects the individual's
contribution to the improvement in
business performance, the value created
for stakeholders, the size and complexity
of running a business like Centrica, and
the scale and scope of the opportunities
ahead of us. Carol Arrowsmith, Chair of
Centrica’s Remuneration Committee,
goes into more detail in her statement

in the Remuneration Report.

believe itis important that we pay all
employees in the Company competitively
based on their role, skills, experience,

and performance. We need to do the
same for the Chief Executive so that we
can attract and retain high-performing
executives with the right skillset to lead
an organisation of 21,000 colleagues. | am
also very clear that we will only pay for
performance, and performance targets
set for our management team will be
demanding to ensure that is the case.

Energy security

Energy security continues tobe a vital
consideration in anumber of countries,
and Centrica plays a vital role in this space.

Centrica Energy is the conduit for this
work, and you can see that in practice in
the Liquefied Natural Gas supply deal with
Repsol announced in February 2024, and
two natural gas sale and purchase
agreements with Coterra Energy
announced in October 2024. These deals
show the breadth of Centrica Energy's
capabilities in energy trading.

At the same time as securing this valuable
transition fuel, we've made investments in
proven renewable generation technology
through power purchase agreements for
wind farms and long-term solar power
agreements, And we've also innovated,
investing in new technologies euch as the
completion of the 20MW hydrogen-ready
peaker in Redditch and we've showcased
forward-thinking infrastructure
investment such as our £70m investment
in Highview Power's Liquid Air Energy
Storage in June.

As| note below, we believe that our
Rough asset can play an important role
inincreasing the UK's energy and price
security.

We know this work is valuable not only
for our business, but also on a macro
level. Energy security will continue to
be a focus area for Centrica in 2025
and beyond.

Performance

Centrica performed well in 2024. We
delivered Adjusted Basic EPS of 19.0p
and free cash flow of £989m. We have a
strong balance sheet anda robust asset
base. Throughout this report you will find
a detailed summary of the performance
of the business.

We extended the Company's share
buyback programme by £200m in
July 2024, by a further 300m

Governance

Strategic Report

Financial Statements

Other Information

in December 2024, and by £500m in
February 2025. When this is completed,

it will bring our equity repurchased to
£2bn since November 2022 (representing
approximately 25% of our issued share
capital). Our capital allocation framework
remains unchanged. While we look to
invest shareholder funds in a disciplined
way. when we consider we have surplus
capital we will decide how best to return
that capital to shareholders. Additionally,
we returned capital to shareholders in the
form of dividends, which came to 4.5p at
the end of 2024, inclusive of a 1.5p interim
dividend outlined in July

Aslaid out in July 2023, Centrica aims to
invest £600m-£800m a year in projects
across our key priorities up to 2028, and
we're making progress against this aim.
In 2024 Centrica capital expenditure was
£564m (up from £415m in 2023). This
target is challenging to meet given our
strict investment criteria. The Board
works closely with the executive on the
investment plans so decisions made
result in Centrica being a resilient and
more valuable investment for you well
into the future,

Taken together with the underlying
performance of the business, | believe
the investment case for Centricais
compelling.

We also make material tax contributions
in the countries in which we operate in. In
total, including the Electricity Generator
Levy, National Insurance and other
similar contributions, we paid £1bn

to governments during 2024.

Delivering net zero

We have a strong commitment to net
zero which we make clear in our Purpose:
energising a greener. fairer future. Your
Board is intimately involved in ensuring
we make meaningful progress and as part
of this, they have been fully involved in
developing and approving our updated
Climate Transition Plan launched in
January 2025,

This builds on our People & Planet Plan
launched in 2021, which includes five
Group-wide goals that accelerate action
‘on achieving net zero and building a more
inclusive future. It outlines the team we
need to build in order to get to net zero,
the targets we want to meet, and how
we could make a difference in our local
communities on this journey. With the
progress we've made and the insights.
and experience we've gained since then,
we have a better understanding of the

risks and opportunities as well as the
dependencies relating to net zero. This
has enabled us to strengthen our
commitments in our updated Climate
Transition Plan and provide greater
transparency around the dependencies
and challenges, and exactly how Centrica
will drive forward the energy transition.

We are committed to holding ourselves
to account through a new suite of
improved climate ambitions. For example,
all Centrica customers in the UK and
Ireland will be supplied by renewable or
zero carbon power by 2030, and we will
significantly expand our Hive platform to
help customers save money and carbon.
We have also set bold ambitions to
decarbonise our key operations within
the 2030s through our green-focused
investment programme, such as our plan
to transform depleted gas reservoirs in
Spirit Energy's Morecambe site into one
of the UK's biggest carbon storage hubs.

lam mindful that we need to balance many
dependencies here: energy security.
employment, pricing for customers,
returns for investors, and, of course, the
environment, There are few easy answers
to this, but the Board and management
team are committed to the goals and will
endeavour to make the best decisions out
of the options available tous.

Future plans

At Centrica we have a strong governance
framework and a strategic focus on key
issues.

| want to offer you my assurance as
your new Chair that Centrica remains
committed to disciplined decision-
making. Our stewardship of your
investment is paramount, and Centrica’s
investment committee is focused on
getting shareholders a suitable return.
While we are confident in the
investments we've made in 2024, we've
also turned down many opportunities.
We will not invest unless the relevant
criteria are met.

We'll also continue to make the case

for projects that could benefit

all stakeholders - such as the
redevelopment and expansion of the
Rough gas storage facility. We expect
Rough to make a loss of between £50m
and £100m in 2025. We have completed
all of the preparatory work to enable

a £2bn investment tobe taken to
redevelop Rough for gas and hydrogen
storage over the next 45 years, but
without a regulatory model to underpin

the investment, we cannot make this
investment. While the site plays an
important role in the UK's energy and
price security, and canbe a crucial part of
the future hydrogen economy, making
material losses is not sustainable on an
open-ended basis and we will update on
the future of Rough in the coming months.

Board

My transition from Senior Independent
Director to Chair has been
straightforward.

I want to thank Scott Wheway for his
tenure at Centrica and personal guidance.
It was a privilege to work closely with
Scott since | joined the Board. |hope you
will all join me in thanking Scott for his
very valuable contribution to Centrica at a
critical time in the Company's history.

1am delighted that Jo Harlow has agreed
to become Senior Independent Director.
Jo has extensive board and executive
experience which the Board and | will
benefit from.

1am committed to leading an effective
Board that works in a constructive way
with the executive to build a stronger
Centrica that creates value for our
stakeholders.

This year we performed an independent
external review of the Board's
effectiveness. I'm pleased that the review
concluded that the Board is operating
effectively, There were a number of
potential actions identified that would
help to further strengthen the Board's
effectiveness, which we intend to
progress in 2025.

Closing

Finally, | want to say thank you to Centrica’s
customers, colleagues, and stakeholders for
their continued support and trust. | will work
tirelessly to ensure that support and trust is
wellplaced.

In the days and years ahead, you willsee
continued investment, more innovation, and
further support for customers through the
energy transition. While challenges remain,
Centrica’s capabilities, infrastructure, and
dedicated team position it well for
continued growth and success.

Kevin O'Byrne, Chair
19 February 2025

Centrica plc Annual Report and Accounts 2024

Group Chief Executive's

statement

eo

| believe, as | always do, that
Centrica’s most exciting,
impactful, and successful days
lie ahead. Together, we can

energise a greener, fairer future.

Chris O'Shea, Group Chief Executive

The main job of a Chief Executive is to
create value for the owners of a
company. | know that may be obvious,
but too many companies can appear to
lose focus on the job at hand with the
ever-increasing environment, social and
governance (ESG) requirements. So, |
wanted to reassure you, our owners, that
Inever forget that | work for you, our
shareholders; and {am focused on
creating value every single day of the
year. This means focusing on operational
improvements to our businesses, giving
customers what they want and not what
is easiest for us to offer, and investing in
assets that create value aligned to the
changing energy system.

That's not to say we don't take our
broader responsibilities seriously at
Centrica — how we do what we dois as
important as delivering results, because
the way we go about our job will
determine whether what we dois
ultimately sustainable. We are energising
a greener, fairer future every day, but we
never lose sight of the job at hand - value

creation. For Centrica, we don't sea
conflict between these aims - the energy
transition is a huge opportunity for your
Company

The opportunities to create value for your
Company are truly huge. Electricity demand
is growing and we're seeing some of that
growth come from new areas entirely. For
example, around 90% of all data in existence
has been created this decade. That may

tell you that we are poised to unleash
unbelievable advances based on data;
alternatively, it may tell you that we're
creating alot of “stuff” that we'll never use.
As with everything, the truth is probably
somewhere in between. For your Company,
however, what this means is huge growth
opportunities. All of the data being created
needs to be stored. and for it to be useful,

it needs to be processed by ever more
powerful computers. This storage and
processing of data requires energy; lots

and lots of energy.

Energy has driven progress for the past
200+ years; from the energy used to
create the steam which drove the
industrial revolution, to the energy

required today to drive the technology
revolution which is in full swing. And those
companies who can offer the best, most
cost-efficient service to increasingly
energy-intensive customers will benefit
most: companies like Centrica

That's not to say it willbe easy — whilst
we've made huge improvements in our
performance over the past few years,

we can push ourselves to go further. In 2025
we plan to increase the pace of change in
our organisation to become even more
entrepreneurial and less bureaucratic; even
more focused on operations serving the
commercial outcome; even more
purposeful than hesitant; even more
focused on how to make a good decision
rather than how to avoid making a bad
decision; even more focused on what is
good for Centrica as a whole (what | call
“good for the house’) than good for
individual businesses. Whilst we are so
much better than we were, the pleasing
thing is that there is still so much to go for —
despite progress, our opportunities today
are greater than|'ve ever seen them.

Strategic Report

Governance

Financial Statements

Other Information

We owe it to you, our shareholders;

we owe it to our 21,000 hard-working
colleagues; we owe it to our 10m loyal
customers. We will not stop in our pursuit
of excellence.

Change

Last year | said that change was the only
constant in our sector. Whilst it is an
overused phrase, it is undeniably true.

In 2024 we've seen significant change
to the external environment in our core
markets. In particular, the UK, Ireland,
and the USA have all had major elections.
We now know that the UK has a Labour
Government, President Trump is back
in the White House, and Ireland has
continued with a Fianna Fail and Fine Gael
led coalition. As governments across the
countries we call home focus on their
ambitious targets for growth and net
zero, | want to take this opportunity to
acknowledge those targets. We will do
our utmost to help those countries we
serve achieve their goals. We are ready
for the transition, and we welcome any
ambition to go further, faster. And whilst
we don't have major operations in the
USA. we buy a lot of gas from the USA
(in the form of Liquefied Natural Gas)
which makes it a key country for us.

Centrica has always been, and will always
be, at the forefront of change. The
Company {am so privileged tolead for
you willplay a leading role in the energy
transition, regardless of the technologies
that win out. We are well placed to be there
for our customers, as we were through the
energy crisis of the last few years. We wil
rise to the challenge in front of us, all while
we are driven by our Purpose to energise

a greener. fairer future.

Business performance

Our CFO, Russell, has a detailed
commentary on how your Company has
performed in 2024 (see page 26). but |
wanted to touch on the highlights here.
I'm pleased to say your business has
performed very well against a backdrop
of more normalised market conditions.
The Group is working better together.
and that's making a difference for all of
our customers. Our Group adjusted
operating profit was £1,6bn compared to
£2.8bn at year-end in 2023, with Adjusted
Basic EPS of 19.0p in 2024 compared

to 33.4p in 2023, and free cash flow of
£989m. Our net cash position remains
strong at £2.9bn, much of which we plan
to invest to ensure we can continue to
perform just as strongly in the future.

Given some one-offs in the 2023 results,
we can now see a more ‘normal’ result
from the Group — and it's a strong result.

The updated strategy we unveiled in
2023 remains sound, andit is bearing
fruit for colleagues, customers and
shareholders. We will continue our
programme to re-invest around £4bn in
the years leading up to 2028, but only for
projects with the right balance between
risk and reward, and only if the regulatory
frameworks support investment. There is
much that is outside of our control, but
when we see an opportunity that works
for Centrica, that delivers value for our
shareholders, we will go for it.

How we do what we doat Centrica
We keep things simple at Centrica. We
have a purpose (energising a greener,
fairer future): we have five core values
(Care, Collaboration, Courage, Agility and
Delivery); and we have a belief in a flat
structure with as little management as
possible (no more than six layers from the

/ a

| Our Senior Leadership
| Team(SLT)is made up
| efmydirect reports

| and their direct reports
H ~around 100 people.

| We get together each
| quarter to ensure

| eohesion and

| alignment. We have

| three key themes to

| help drive the cultural

| change weneed to see
| tobecome more agile,

| more courageous,

| more collaborative and
to deliver even more:
i

|

|

{

|

i

i

1

>

N

Centrica Leadership Team, essentially
my direct reports, to the front line).
Our culture is what sets us apart.

While we have materially improved our
operational delivery over the past few
years, we must be even more agile and
even more courageous. We have allowed
some of the bureaucracy we eliminated
to come back in, slowing us down by
spending too much time doing business
with ourselves. We will fix this in 2025
by introducing more focus into our
organisation - during COVID-19, we were
very focused and we achieved amazing
things. We need to recreate an
environment where we're never
comfortable, where we're willing to try
new things, where we're positively
dissatisfied; a culture of innovation and
invention, The answers to the issues
facing our Company could come from
any of our colleagues, whether they are
‘on the phones, in the vans, in the plants,
on the offshore platforms, or the power
stations. Part of my jobis to ensure we

One team
First and foremost, we work \
for Centrica. So, the question
every leader must ask
themselves is ‘is this good for
the house’ when faced with
making a decision. i

Ownership
We must own the outcome of
our actions, not assuming that
someone else will fix something
we see which needs fixing, and
asking ourselves whether what
we are doing will improve
things for our customers.

Growth mindset
We must innovate and try new |
things: asking ourselves ‘why |
not’ rather than ‘why’ when i
someone suggests a new idea;
asking ourselves ‘what needs
to be true’ to make something
work rather than state why
something won't work.

If we can continually live by these three themes and demonstrate our five core
values, we will continue the evolution of our culture, delivering a step change in
our performance and creating material value for you, our shareholders.

Centrica ple Annual Report and Accounts 2024

get to hear to those views. Whilst we hear
from our colleagues regularly, conducting
colleague engagement surveys four
times a year, | think we canbe much
bolder with the actions we take as a result
of hearing those views. And I'm delighted
that despite this being the fourth year of
quarterly engagement surveys, we still
see around 80% of colleagues participate
in every survey - I'm truly grateful to
colleagues for sharing their views, and we
will do better to implement their ideas.

Commitment to our customers
Nobody can deny that the energy
transition is now in full flow. But what the
energy transition will ultimately look like,
nobody can say. We know the destination
(an energy system which has minimal. if
any, carbon emissions) but what we don't
know is the precise route nor the time of
arrival. Go too fast, and countries could
lose economic competitiveness and
suffer a huge reduction in living
standards; go too slow, and the planet
could be irrevocably damaged. The
stakes are high.

At Centrica, we are agnostic about the
technology that will get us to net zero. We
believe that pragmatism should win out over
ideology, and we are always thinking of how
we navigate the energy transition ina way
whichis best for our customers, delivering a
future where energy is affordable, secure
and clean. In some circles this is referred to,
rather grandly, as the ‘energy trilemma’, but
tome this means that we have to be careful
we don't go down the path of the ideologue,
creating clean but unaffordable energy
which is not available on demand.

Over 2024 we invested significantly in
our customer service and we're seeing
big improvements as a result. Customers
are happier with our service, and
complaints are falling. This is achieved

by very simple things like answering
customers calls in seconds rather than
minutes and improving the experience
when customers contact us. We have
even further to go, but Im really happy
to see these improvements,

Beyond investing in our customers, during
2024 we have invested in liquid air energy
storage in our partnership with Highview
Power; we have invested in pursuing the
opportunity to build a new nuclear power
station (Sizewell C) in Suffolk in the UK;
we have invested in batteries and solar;
we have invested in technology which
gives better customer service and helps
customers reduce energy bills and
carbon emissions; we have invested in our
plans to store CO, in the Morecambe Bay
gas fields: we have invested in plans for
clean hydrogen production and storage.
But we have also invested in gas fired
power stations; we have invested in the
plans to extend the Rough gas storage
facility: we have signed new LNG deals.
We will need a mix of technologies to
deliver net zero and we will need natural
gas as part of the energy mix for decades
to come to enable full use of renewable
power. What drives us is giving our
customers what they want and need.

and generating a good return for our
shareholders whilst doing so.

Commitment to our new Purpose
Alittle over a year ago we announced
our new Purpose; energising a greener,
fairer future. Everything we dois a step
towards living this Purpose fully for our
customers, for the environment, and the
countries we operate in. This will make
the value we create sustainable in the
truest sense of the word ~ it will be
repeatable and will deliver consistently
over along period of time.

To seize this opportunity, we outlined
our green focused investment strategy
in 2023. This will see us ramp up our

total investment into green activities

to more than 50% between 2023-28 in
energy security of supply and flexibility,
renewable and low carbon generation, as
well as customer offerings that advance
the transition to net zero.

We're making good progress having
reached over 30% green investment
already ~ a big step up from less than

5% back in 2019. This reflects our
commitment to move at pace in aligning
our business model to net zero. Our in-
house green classification systems built
on the foundations of the EU's Sustainable
Taxonomy. However. its ‘by-inclusion

format can today be restrictive, so
we justify our own independent
classifications where appropriate.

We want to be active in shaping official
taxonomies and plan to engage with
both EU and UK policy makers to ensure
they capture all activities in the right way.
We will publish any deviations from
official taxonomy reporting,

One example of our investment that
I'm really proud of is our new Meter

Asset Provider (MAP) business. This
investment, combined with advances

in Demand Side Response (DSR), will
mean that customers reduce their carbon
footprint at the same time as saving
money. In 2024 we installed a million
smart meters for customers. half of

these were through our MAP business,
providing the Group with a steady source
of income for years to come while still
helping customers decarbonise

Building on all of this work, we published
an updated Climate Transition Plan in
early 2025. This planis our clear,
actionable roadmap for net zero, and it
outlines the detailed goals we will meet

in order to drive change. We now believe
that committing to faster decarbonisation
is achievable and will drive value creation
in your company as we place Centrica at
the heart of the energy transition. Again,
this is not blind ideology, it is ahard-nosed
business decision — but the fact that it has
positive implications for the environment
is particularly pleasing.

Most notably, we've brought forward
our target to become a net zero business
to 2040. five years ahead of the 2045
timeline set by the original plan and

10 years ahead of 2050. We've also
maintained our commitment to get
customers to net zero emissions by 2050.
There’s much more detail in the full plan
and I'd encourage you to take some time
to read through it - we're very proud of it.
And we're doing this because it's good
for Centrica and we can create value
from doing it - it’s not an ideologically
driven pursuit, rather it's grounded in
pragmatism.

We will play our part in creating a robust
energy system that meets today’s
demands and anticipates future needs.

Governance

Strategic Report

Financial Statements

Other Information

Our Climate

Transition Plan

Centrica tobe anet
zero business by 2040

Customers to net zero
emissions by 2050

LNG shipping will be
net zero by 2035

Upskill 3.000 engineers
with green skills
by 2030

Gas production and
gas storage to be net
zero by 2035

Zero emissions vehicle
fleet - cars by 2026
and vans by 2030

eooca6e @

© Read more about our wider

\ Climate Transition Plan on page 73

Commitment to our colleagues
Our performance also means we can
support our colleagues. Our innovative
profit share scheme continues, which
means our people share in the success
they've helped create - we take 2% of
the Group's pre-tax profits, divide it by
the number of colleagues we have, and
‘everyone gets the same allocation of
shares. We started this in 2022 and
someone who has been with us since we
started this will have £5.886 of Profit
Share payments with another £1,400 of
profit share to come for 2024, making
total Profit Share payments so far of
£7,286 - plus any share price growth on
the awards. This allows colleagues to
share directly in the success of the entire
Group and encourages colleagues to
think like shareholders. We're exploring
additional ways that colleagues can

invest in the value they create at
Centrica, and hope to be able to share
more information on this in 2025.

We're also committed to investing in the
next generation of Centrica colleagues.
We want to create one new apprenticeship
for every day of this decade, and in 2024
we hired 339 new apprentices, creating
new skilled green jobs with colleagues
training at our award-winning in-house
academies. Our internship programme saw
unprecedented success this year, with
over 100 interns joining Centrica in the
summer of 2024, and we welcomed 60
new colleagues in October as part of our
graduate intake. We have developed
pathways for ex-military service people
and their spouses, for ex-Olympic and
Paralympic athletes, in an effort to increase
our diversity and change how we think.

lam particularly committed to these early
career initiatives for two reasons: getting
my first trainee job changed my life and!
want to be able to do that for others; and our
new colleagues bring different perspectives
and experiences to our teams, making us
think and act differently, changing our
culture for the better.

Commitment to society

I believe companies have a responsibility
to contribute to the society in which they
operate, and a big part of this is the way
our colleagues interact with the world
around them through volunteering. I'm
always impressed by the dedication

and commitment of our people, but this
year their effort has been astounding,
and as a result we reached our stretch
volunteering target early. Our aim was to
hit 8,000 volunteering days by the end of
2024, but we met that goal in October
and went on to hit 10,683 days for the
year. This allows us to put back into the
community, but it also allows us to build
our team spirit and strengthen our bonds.

Beyond volunteering, we've made
£3.6m in charitable donations over the
course of 2024, and contributed £1bn
of corporation tax and other payments
inthe year.

The partnerships | outlined last year — with
Team GB, ParalympicsGB, Scottish Rugby.
and the Scottish Football Association - have
all been dialled up in 2024. For example,

our partnership with the Scottish Football
Association saw us launch 120 new week-
long Scottish Gas Football Camps to
provide 6,000 children from all socio-
economic backgrounds the opportunity to
play football during the school holidays —

and we provided hot meals to every child at
those camps, helping alleviate the hunger
which vulnerable children can experience
during school holidays. And alongside Team
GB and ParalympicsGB we launched Get
Set for Positive Energy, our bespoke
schools programme which aims to reach up
toone milion families and children. These
partnerships are so much more than simple
brand sponsorship deals.

The future for Centrica

Looking ahead to 2025. | believe we're

on the right path. We'll continue to up
the pace and our expectations continue
torise every single year. We have the
capability, the market positions, and the
drive to deliver material value for all of our
stakeholders.

| would like to take a moment to thank
our former Chair, Scott Wheway. for the
contribution he has made to Centrica,
chairing the Board through a period of
significant volatility and change for the
Company. Ona personal level, Scott has
been a huge support to me, and | have

- learned alot from working with him

Centrica is a very different company to
the one Scott asked me to lead in early
2020, and Scott leaves with the business
in a great position.

And I'dlike to welcome Kevin O'Byrne
to the role of Chair, having started at the
end of 2024. Kevin brings a wealth of
experience and a deep familiarity with
Centrica to the role having joined the
Board in May 2019 and assuming the role
of Senior Independent Director in June
2022. Kevinis uniquely equipped to help
Centrica deliver on the work ahead, and
I'm excited to continue to work with
Kevin and the Board to drive your
Company forward.

As always | want to finish by extending
my heartfelt gratitude toward Centrica’s
colleagues, customers, and partners for
their collective efforts in making 2024
another year of progress, and to you, our
shareholders, for placing your trust in me
tolead this great company.

Im optimistic about the year ahead.
We're ready to lead our business through
this time of transition, doing the right
thing for all stakeholders. | believe, as |
always do, that Centrica’s most exciting,
impactful, and successful days lie ahead.
Together, we can energise a greener,
fairer future.

Chris O'Shea, Group Chief Executive
19 February 2025