Satisfying the
changing needs

of our customers
Enabling the
transition to a lower
carbon future

nl mu

271082020 #166 \
_ COMPANIES HOUSE
——)

t
i
i

WEDNESDAY

LJ
Annual Report and Accounts 2019 centr, ica

Group Snapshot

Centrica plc is a leading international energy
services and solutions provider focused

on satisfying the changing needs of our
customers and enabling the transition

to a lower carbon future.

The world of energy is changing rapidly and Centrica is now
equipped to help customers transition to a lower carbon future,
with capabilities and technologies to allow them to reduce their
emissions. Therefore, we announced in July 2019 our intention
to complete the shift towards the customer, by exiting oil and
gas production.

The Company’s two customer-facing divisions, Centrica
Consumer and Centrica Business, are focused on their
strengths of energy supply and its optimisation, and on services
and solutions, with a continued strong focus on delivering high
levels of customer service. Centrica is well placed to deliver

for our customers, our shareholders and for society. We aim

to be a good corporate citizen and an employer of choice.

Technology is increasingly important in the delivery of energy
and services to our customers. We are developing innovative
products, offers and solutions, underpinned by investment

in technology.

We are targeting significant cost efficiency savings by 2022

to position Centrica as the lowest cost provider in its markets,
consistent with our chosen brand positioning and propositions.
Alongside our distinctive positions and capabilities, this will

be a key enabler as we target delivering growth in adjusted
earnings, cash flow and the dividend over the medium term.

Everything we do is focused on satisfying
the needs of our customers.

Centrica Consumer

Centrica Consumer is focused
on three areas, Energy Supply,
In-Home Servicing and

Home Solutions.

20

Centrica Business

Centrica Business is focused
on three areas, Energy Supply,
Energy Optimisation and Business
Services & Solutions.

24

Upstream

Our Upstream division consists
of our Exploration & Production
(E&P) and Nuclear power
generation businesses.

2/

Strategic Report
2 Centrica ata Glance
4 Chairman's Statement
6 — Group Chief Executive's Statement
42 OurStrategy
14 OurBusiness Model
46 Stakeholder Engagement
18 Key Performance Indicators
20 Divisional Review:
~ Centrica Consumer
- Centrica Business
-Upstream
29 Group Financial Review
34 Our Principal Risks and Uncertainties
46 APathway to Net Zero
48 Delivering our Responsible
Business Ambitions
- Non-Financial Reporting Statement

Governance
55 Directors’ and Corporate
Governance Report

62 Committee Reports

82 Remuneration Report

100 Directors’ and Corporate Governance
Report - Other Statutory Information

Financial Statements
104 Independent Auditor's Report
114 Group Income Statement
415 Group Statement of
Comprehensive Income
416 Group Statement of Changes in Equity
117 Group Balance Sheet
118 Group Cash Flow Statement
119 Notes to the Financial Statements
496 Company Financial Statements
198 Notes to the Company
Financial Statements
208 Gas and Liquids Reserves (Unaudited)
209 Five Year Summary (Unaudited)
210 Ofgem Consolidated Segmental
Statement

Other Information
222 Shareholder Information
223 Additional Information
- Explanatory Notes (Unaudited)
225 Responsible Business
— Performance Measures
IBC Glossary

Strategic Report

Centrica at a Glance

Our purpose

We are an energy services and
solutions company, focused
on satisfying the changing
needs of our customers,
enabling the transition to

a lower carbon future.

> ‘21st Century Energy Services and Solutions company’
> Delivering long-term shareholder value through returns

and cash flow growth
> Trusted corporate citizen
> Employer of choice

Group highlights

Group Operational Performance

Group Financial Summary (Year ended 31 December 2019)

Total recordable injury frequency rate
(per 200,000 hours worked)

2018

Group revenue

£22.7bn

2018: £23.3bn" ¥3%

Return on average capital employed
(ROACE)®

9%

2018: 13% Y 4ppt

intemal carbon footprint
(tCOe,e)

Adjusted operating profit

£901m

2018: £1,392m ¥ 35%

Centrica Consumer total
customers ('000)

2019 12,512

2018

Adjusted earnings attrihutable
to shareholders®

£419m

2018: £631m ¥ 34%

Statutory operating loss

£(849)m

2018: £987m profit

Statutory loss for the year
attributable to shareholders

£(1,023)m

2018: £183m profit

Centrica Business total
customers ('000)

Adjusted basic earnings per share (EPS)®

Statutory basic earnings per share (EPS)

2019

2018

£1,830m

2018: £2,245m V 18%

er | 7 3 17.8
3p .8)p
2018: 11.29 935% 218: 3.9p
Total customer energy Adjusted operating cash flow® Statutory net cash flow
consumption (TWh) from operating activities

£1,250m

2018: £1,934m ¥ 35%

Direct Group headcount”

2019

2018

Group net debt

£3,181m

2018: £2,656m 4 20%

(1) Direct Group headcount excludes contractors, agency and outsourced staff.

@) Restated for presentation of energy derivatives. See note 1 to the Financial Statements.

(3) See notes 2, 4 and 10 to the Financial Statements for definition and reconciliation of these measures.

(4) Restated mainly due to organisational changes which included divestments.

t We engaged PricewaterhouseCoopers (PwC) to undertake a limited assurance engagement over 6
metrics highlighted with the symbol 't' throughout the Annual Report and Accounts 2019, See page 225

or centrica.com/assurance for more details.

2 Centrica plc Annual Report and Accounts 2019

Net exceptional charge after taxation
included in statutory loss

£987m

2018: £235m 4 320%

Read more about our Key
Performance Indicators
Pages 18 to 19

c)

The Group has redefined its
operating segments during the
year to reflect the way in which
the business is now organised.
Operating segments are now
defined as Centrica Consumer,
Centrica Business and Upstream.

Centrica
Consumer

Centrica
Business

Upstream

The revised operating segments incorporate similar products and
services, as well as the major factors that influence the performance

of these products and services, such as regulatory environments within
Centrica Consumer, and access to commodity markets and trading
counterparties within Centrica Business, across different geographical
locations in which the Group operates. Further information on the
‘operating segments of the Group is shown at note 4 on page 125.

UK Home

Supplying competitive and reliable energy
to residential customers in the UK, and
providing innovative services and solutions
that help to keep their homes warm and
working.

Ireland

Supplying competitive and reliable energy
and energy services to residential and
business customers across Ireland.

North America Home

Supplying competitive and reliable eneray
and providing home services to customers
in North America.

UK Business

Supplying energy and services to a diverse
range of business customers in the UK,
using a variety of products tailored to

meet their differing needs and help them
more effectively manage their energy
consumption and costs.

North America Business
Supplying competitive and reliable electricity
and natural gas and energy services to

retail and wholesale customers across
North America.

Spirit Energy

Producing around 50 million BOE (barrels of
oil equivalent) a year, focused on the North
Sea (the UK, the Netherlands, Norway and
Denmark). We intend to exit our interests

in Spirit Energy by the end of 2020.

Centrica Home Solutions

Providing smart home products and
end-to-end solutions centred around
energy for households in the UK & Ireland,
including offers around Home Energy
Management and Electric Vehicle
Integration.

[5] Read more about
Centrica Consumer on
Pages 20 to 23

Centrica Business Solutions
Providing end-to-end design, installation,
maintenance and service solutions
including optimisation and covering

a wide and expanding range of energy
technologies helping our customers:
transition to a lower carbon future.

Energy Marketing & Trading
Providing risk management and
wholesale market access for the Group,
building on strong cross-commodity
trading capabilities and a global
presence in LNG.

6) Read more about
Centrica Business on
Pages 24 to 26

Centrica Storage

Operating the Rough gas field in the UK
North Sea, which has been converted
from a storage asset to a producing asset
before decommissioning,

Nuclear

Generating power from our 20% interest in
eight nuclear power stations in the UK.

) Read more about Upstream on
Pages 27 to 28

g
8
A

8
z
2

3
8
3

Strategic Report

Chairman’s Statement

G G It is no coincidence
that the primary focus
of businesses that are
successful in adapting to
change lies in responding
promptly to the demands
of their markets and,
specifically, serving the
needs of their customers.
Centrica is increasingly well
positioned to help people in
their homes and businesses
to do what they need to
tackle the climate change
challenge and contribute
to a lower carbon future.”

Charles Berry
Chairman

Centrica plc Annual Report and Accounts 2019

In my statement last year, | described taking
on the Chairmanship of Centrica as a special
privilege, given my interest in the Company
from my long career in the energy industry.

{ recognise that Centrica has faced very
challenging external circumstances in recent
years and that this has been reflected in the
shareholder experience. | also realise that

| have stepped into the chair at a time of
extraordinary and unprecedented structural
change in the energy industry, with the global
challenge of climate change facing us. But that -
is one of the reasons | am confident about
Centrica’s future and in the underlying strength
of our business.

The external environment is constantly evolving and businesses
must be prepared to respond. It is no coincidence that the primary
focus of businesses that are successful in adapting to change lies
in responding promptly to the demands of their markets and,
specifically, serving the needs of their customers. Centrica is
increasingly well positioned to help people in their homes and
businesses to do what they need to tackle this challenge and
contribute to a lower carbon future.

For homes, we have strong trusted brands in the UK, Ireland and
North America serving approximately 12 million households. In the
UK, British Gas has nearly 8,000 highly trusted engineers and
technicians, a unique asset we can leverage to help our customers
fulfil their energy needs. Their role is also becoming about much
more than servicing boilers, vital though that remains. We now have
the platform which enables us to provide customers with a range of
new offers, such as installing electric vehicle charge points or giving
them more control over the energy systems in their homes.

In serving businesses we have a strong position, supplying energy
to nearly 1.2 million customer sites in the UK and North America.
And Centrica Business Solutions offers services and solutions
which play directly into the demand side of the energy transition.
By offering a range of sustainable energy solutions in addition to
energy supply — from monitoring and analysis of consumption
patterns to on-site solar and combined heat and power generation
~ we can help our industrial customers become more cost efficient
while lowering their carbon footprint. We also assist in providing
flexibility services which enable electricity grids to be more
efficient and reduce the requirement for centralised power
generation.

In our customer-facing businesses, we are building upon our
legacy and establishing a strong platform for the long term. Our
long-term purpose is to provide energy and services to satisfy the
changing needs of our customers and enable the transition to a
lower carbon future. We have the potential to achieve that. But, in
order to make sure that there will be a long term, we must secure
the short term.

Creating momentum in 2019

After | took over the chairmanship, faced with some very
challenging external circumstances, we took the opportunity at
our March Board meeting, as a refreshed team, to stand back and
review the business and probe areas where we felt there were
particular challenges. The Board as a whole worked through those
in discussion with the executive team, culminating in our strategic
update in July.

In this we re-affirmed our strategic direction back towards the
customer and our desire to exit nuclear - at the right time and in
the right way. We announced our intention to sell our stake in the
Exploration & Production business, Spirit Energy. This has nothing
to do with the quality of Spirit as a business. But our journey is
back towards the customer. If we want to embrace our strengths
and the challenges of climate change with credibility and rigour, as
well as contributing in areas where we can make a real difference,
we need to focus on the customer and leave behind exploration
and production activities. We also announced ongoing
efficiencies, with an ambition to be right at the efficiency frontier.
This is key to securing the future in the face of intense competition.
The final step, and | am very aware of the impact on shareholders
of this decision, was to reduce the dividend per share from 12p

to 5p. We did this reluctantly. But given the external environment
and where the Company is going it was vital to make that reset, to
achieve a position where we feel the Company will be sustainable
and robust in the future.

Our people

So, as we continue to reposition the Company, | believe we are
beginning to demonstrate the potential for a recovery in our
fortunes. But | recognise that the short term remains painful and
I'm very aware of the impact that has on our colleagues. Many of
those affected by the ongoing reduction in roles have been with
us for a long time and have helped to create the brand and
develop the Company. That's why as Chairman | wanted the
Board to get closer to our people.

In September we held a Board meeting in Stockport, where our
UK home services operation is based, for the first time. It was
fantastic for us to listen to our colleagues talking about what they
have achieved and what they care about despite the changes
they are facing.

(also visited our contact centre in Greater Manchester and
listened to our team there looking after vulnerable customers.

| continue to marvel at the skill and the professionalism with

which they interact on sensitive issues, such as household
income, and find ways to support our customers and advise

them on government grants and other help available. When | was
there, colleagues had just been told that they would be affected by
changes in the business. But you wouldn't have noticed it from the
way they spoke and interacted with customers on the phone.
These are the things that make the brand. These are things that we
do which many of our smaller competitors do not. Simply put, in
any business, it always comes down to people in the end. What
makes the real difference is people. A brand is only as good as the
service that people deliver when they're associated with that name.

Stakeholder engagement

All organisations today must place a much greater emphasis

on their purpose, what they stand for and their impact on all
stakeholders, including shareholders. A responsible company
must think about its impact on the environment, on its employees
and on wider society.

There is an increasing focus from fund managers on
environmental, social and governance performance. In these
areas we are consistently among the top quartile of UK

companies. We have been identified as a world leader for strategic
action and disclosure on climate change by CDP, an international
NGO reporting to investors, achieving a place on its prestigious
‘A List’, based on our reporting on this area in 2019.

We are also continuing to actively engage with politicians and
regulators in all jurisdictions where we do business, on important
policy issues that will shape the new energy sector. However,
policy makers and regulators also need to play their part by
ensuring a competitive environment that provides an adequate
return on the substantial investments that will be needed to

meet important societal needs, including the challenge of
decarbonisation.

Board changes

There were several Board changes during 2019. Margherita Della
Valle stepped down after eight years as a Non-Executive Director
and | would like to thank her for all she has done. Sarwjit Sambhi
was appointed Chief Executive, Centrica Consumer and joined the
Board in March. Pam Kaur joined the Board as a Non-Executive
Director in February and Kevin O'Byme joined the Board and
became Chairman of the Audit Committee in May. Heidi Mottram
also joined as a Non-Executive Director in January 2020. It has
been a pleasure getting to know my new fellow Board members
and working with them. We appreciate their refreshing input.

Our Chief Executive lain Conn will be stepping down in the course
of 2020 after over five years at the helm. It has been a very tough
role to undertake at a particularly challenging time for the
Company and | would like to thank him for everything he has done.
He has led the re-positioning of the Company back towards the
customer and our core strengths, and towards making a major
contribution to a lower carbon future. This has not been easy and
required significant changes to the portfolio, reduction in costs
and the size of the team, as well as strong attention to cash flow
and our debt levels. During this time we have seen material
improvements in safety performance and customer outcomes.
There have been heavy external shocks during his tenure, many
that could not have been anticipated, and he has navigated the
Company through them bravely and we appreciate that highly. As
we address 2020, we are in a much stronger position from which
to build for the future.

Looking forward

Looking ahead, we believe our medium-term prospects remain
bright and the potential long-term growth opportunities are
significant. Our immediate focus on maximising our distinctive
strengths in energy supply and optimisation, and on services and
solutions centred around energy, is we believe correct. Embracing
the challenges of climate change, and being at the forefront in
tackling it, is the right thing to do. The course is set. Now we must
deliver on our promises and seek to make this Company one that
‘our employees and customers can be proud of. | would like to
conclude by thanking all my colleagues and co-workers at
Centrica for their dedication and hard work in challenging
circumstances. They are our greatest asset.

Charles Berry
Chairman
12 February 2020

Centrica plc Annual Report and Accounts 2019 5

a
3
o
D
2
3
8
3

Strategic Report

Group Chief
Executive’s Statement

G G We remain dedicated
to satisfying the
changing needs of our
customers, but increasingly
those needs are around the
challenge of addressing the
threat of climate change, and
in 2019 we were therefore
ready to make a commitment
to enable our customers
to transition to a lower
carbon future.”

lain Conn
Group Chief Executive

Centrica plc Annual Report and Accounts 2019.

2019 presented a challenging operating
environment for Centrica, with the
implementation of the UK default tariff cap
and very low UK natural gas prices.

These circumstances put significant pressure on our business and
although underlying performance in our customer-facing divisions
improved, including enabling us to deliver better customer
outcomes and growth in account numbers, we were not able to
mitigate the full impact of external factors or the lower
performance volumes delivered from our Exploration & Production
and Nuclear businesses. We did deliver operating cash flow and
net debt within our target range and cost efficiencies were above
target. Adjusted operating profit was down 35% to £901 million
and adjusted operating cash flow was down 18% to £1,830 million.
We also recognised £1,103 million of net pre-tax exceptional
charges in 2019, mainly relating to impairments of our Exploration
and Production and Nuclear assets, reflecting the current low
commodity price environment and restructuring costs associated
with our Group-wide cost efficiency programme.

After adjusting for external factors, including the UK default tariff
cap and lower commodity prices, underlying operating profit was
only marginally down relative to 2018 and the contribution of the
customer-facing divisions was materially up. However, the impact
of the external factors on our forecast cash flows, and the
subsequent decision to cut the dividend following the Strategic
Update we conducted in H1 2019, resulted in a very poor
shareholder experience in 2019, something | greatly regret.

2019 context

2019 was also an extremely difficult year for the Centrica team,
with a significant number of colleagues leaving the Company as
we continued with our transformation, simplification and efficiency
programmes. Despite these pressures, the Centrica team
performed admirably, with improvements in net promoter scores,
reduced customer complaints, the introduction of attractive new
propositions, and the development of new capabilities as we shift
the Company towards enabling a lower carbon future for our
customers. Consumer accounts grew by 722,000 over the year,
and by 451,000 in the UK, with continuing growth in services and
solutions relationships and a further stabilisation of account losses
in energy supply. Many other metrics were excellent, including
continued top-quartile performance in process safety, and the
actions we have underway have created significant momentum
into 2020. Unfortunately, with so much change to the organisation
and with the fall in our share price, our employee engagement
scores were materially impacted. Improving these engagement
scores will be a focus for the Executive team in 2020.

Having summarised the year, let me now return to some
of the major events, milestones and deliverables which
characterised 2019.

Strategic update

‘As we entered 2019, we knew we faced a very challenging set of
circumstances, made worse by the fall in wholesale gas and
power prices towards the end of 2018. We responded in two ways
first, initiating an acceleration of our transformation activity and
cost efficiency programmes and, second, from March through to
June, the Board conducted a Strategic Update including a review
of our portfolio, performance and strategic choices. In July we
presented our conclusions to shareholders. We announced that
we would be completing our shift back towards the customer,
exiting oil and gas production as well as the already announced
intention to sell our stake in nuclear power generation. We had
signalled since 2015 a lower emphasis on oil and gas production
and, as we deliver this final shift, Centrica will finally become a
leading international energy services and solutions provider,
focused on our distinctive strengths of energy supply and its
optimisation, and services and solutions centred around energy.
This includes growing opportunities in home energy management,
mobility solutions and system optimisation, ensuring the Company
will be well positioned for the future and able to satisfy the
changing needs of our customers, with an emphasis on helping
them transition to a lower carbon future.

The Board's assessment of our business and the changed
external circumstances in which it currently operates, and the
requirement to meet additional obligations to our pension
schemes, also resulted in us taking the very difficult decision to
reduce the level of the dividend to 5 pence per share. We believe
this was essential in order to create a sustainable basis in which
we can balance distributions to shareholders with the amount that
we need to invest into the business, and continue to support our
other obligations, including to our pension funds and servicing our
debt. With the Company having reduced its net debt by around
40% since the start of 2015 and with our planned exits from
exploration, production and nuclear reducing our exposure to
natural gas prices, we believe that the smaller company will be
resilient to the environment in which we are operating while able to
maintain strong investment grade credit metrics.

Whilst | am convinced that the difficult decisions we took were the
right ones, and absolutely necessary to complete the re-
positioning of the Company for the future, | recognise that the
shareholder experience over a number of years has been very
poor. Although in 2018 we were in the top quartile of total
shareholder retum in the FTSE 100 as we regained momentum
relative to 2017, in 2019 we were near the bottom on this measure.
However, our performance was much improved during the second
half of the year compared to the first half, with adjusted earnings
per share of 7.3p for the year as a whole, relative to 2.4p in the first
half, driven by strong momentum in our customer-facing divisions.
We expect to benefit from this momentum into 2020.

External environment

Turning to the external environment, we are now beginning to see
some of the adverse consequences of the temporary UK default
tariff that we had predicted, including job losses, company failures,
and other suppliers exiting the market. The price cap has reduced
margins and put huge pressure on costs for many participants.
Despite the high level of competition, very few UK energy suppliers.
are making money and, for those who are, pre-tax margins make it
difficult to invest in the skills or technology required for the future.
We are responding by broadening the propositions we offer to
move away from just energy supply, while reducing our costs still
further to allow us to price as competitively as possible. We remain
committed to working with the government and the regulator

to help determine the right conditions for the temporary cap to

be lifted.

Natural gas prices have fallen further, and are currently under
$2/mmbtu in North America and under 30p/therm in the UK,
below our own ‘low case’ scenario. Forward prices for 2020
remain weak and, while our proposed exit from exploration,
production and nuclear will reduce our exposure to commodity
volatility, these low prices continue to have a significant impact
on Centrica,

a
3
3
z
3
3
8
a

Operational progress

Despite the very difficult context | have outlined, 2019 was a year
where we made good progress in our core objective — to satisfy
the changing needs of our customers. Focusing on improving our
operational effectiveness has made us more cost-efficient and
able to offer better value for money to our customers. We have
continued to build the capabilities that we believe our customers
will want and need in the future and exited areas where our
offering was relatively undifferentiated. Overall Consumer account
holdings were up 722,000 in 2019, the first full year of growth in my
time with Centrica, and Business customer accounts were broadly
stable. Brand net promoter scores (NPS) improved in UK Home
from +9 to +12, in UK Business from -12 to +1, in North America
Business from +28 to +32 and remained high in the other business
units.

lam pleased to say that customer relationships and customer
numbers are beginning to move in the right direction. | recognise
that we have lost a significant number of energy supply customers
in the UK in recent years, although a large proportion of the
reductions we saw in 2017 and 2018 stemmed from a deliberate
choice on our part to exit from certain channels that were
loss-making. In 2019 the rate of UK energy supply net losses was
less than half the rate of losses in 2018, and less than a quarter the
rate of losses in 2017 against a backdrop of continued high levels
of price competition and market switching, This reflects our efforts
‘on both cost efficiency and pr