Helping you live
sustainably, simply
and affordably

{ncn

Group Snapshot

At Centrica, we put customers and colleagues at the heart
of everything we do, to add value for all stakeholders.

Through our trusted brands, we deliver innovative energy and
services solutions to help solve customers’ needs, supported
by around 7,500 engineers and technicians.

We are committed to creating a cleaner and greener future. And we
are making big changes to help us get there. That means cutting
customers emissions and our own to reach net zero.

And because our people are the beating heart of our business, we
will continue to champion inclusivity, develop future skills and invest
in our local communities to create a better world for everyone.

Read more about Read more about our [3] Read more about
Stakeholder Engagement People & Planet Plan Diversity and Inclusion
Pages 22 to 24 Pages 28 to 32 Pages 29, 48, 52 and 62
Strategic Report Financial Statements
1 Group Highlights 89 = Independent Auditor's Report
2 Chairman's Statement 100 Group Income Statement
4 Group Chief Executive's Statement 101 Group Statement of
7 OurValues Comprehensive Income
8 Our Strategy 102 Group Statement of Changes in Equity
10 Our Business Model 103 Group Balance Sheet
12 Key Performance Indicators 104 Group Cash Flow Statement
14 Business Review 105 Notes to the Financial Statements
17 Group Chief Financial Officer's Report 194 Company Financial Statements
— Our view on taxation - Company Statement of Changes in Equity
22. Stakeholder Engagement - Company Balance Sheet
25 Section 172 Statement 196 Notes to the Company
28 People and Planet Financial Statements
— Non-Financial Information Statement 205 Gas and Liquids Reserves (Unaudited)
34 Our Principal Risks and Uncertainties 206 Five Year Summary (Unaudited)
- Assessment of Viability Disclosure 207 Ofgem Consolidated Segmental Statement
Governance Other Information
44. Directors’ and Corporate Governance 219 Shareholder Information
Report 220 Additional Information
46 Board of Directors - Explanatory Notes (Unaudited)
49 Corporate Governance Statement 222 People and Planet
55 Committee Reports: ~ Performance Measures
~ Audit and Risk Committee IBC Glossary

- Nominations Committee
— Safety, Environment and Sustainability
Committee
- Remuneration Committee
84 Other Statutory Information

Unless otherwise stated, all references to the Company shall mean Centrica plc; references to the Group shall mean Centrica plc and all of
its subsidiary entities; and references to operating profit or loss, taxation, cash flow, earnings and earnings per share throughout the Strategic
Report are adjusted figures, reconciled to their statutory equivalents in the Group Chief Financial Officer's Report on pages 17 to 21. See also
notes 2, 4 and 10 to the Financial Statements on pages 107, 111 to 117 and 128, for further details of these adjusted performance measures.
In addition, see pages 220 to 221 for an explanation and reconciliation of other adjusted performance measures used within this document.

Group Highlights

Group Operational Performance

Group Financial Summary (Year ended 31 December 2020)

Total recordable injury frequency rate
(per 200,000 hours of work)”

2020

2019

Group revenue"

£20.8bn

2019: £22.7bn W8%

Adjusted operating profit from
continuing operations

£447m

2019: £650m 731%

Internal carbon footprint”
(tCO,e)

2020 38,368
2019

Group adjusted operating profit

£699m

2019: £901m ¥22%

Statutory operating loss from
continuing operations

£(362)m

2019: £(783)m W54%

Brand net promoter score (NPS)

Group adjusted earnings attributable
to shareholders”

£378m

2019: £419m 11%

Statutory profit/(loss) for the year
attributable to shareholders”

£41m

2019: £(1,023)m

TT
Employee engagement"
2020 42%

2019 43%

Group adjusted basic earnings
per share (EPS)""

6.5p

2019: 7.3p 11%

Statutory basic earnings
per share (EPS)

0.7p

2019: (17.8)p

Total residential customers

2020 9,217k
2019 9,440k

(1) Includes Direct Energy which is now classified as a di
@) See notes 2, 4 and 10 to the Financial Statements for det
in 2020 and 39% in 2019 against the 35% reduction target of property, fleet and travel by 2025 (baseline: 2015).

@) Constitutes a reduction of 58:

Group free cash flow")

£1,061m

2019: £966m 410%

Statutory net cashflow from
operating activities

£1,400m

2019: £1,250m 412%

Group net debt

£2,769m

2019: £3,181m ¥13%

ion and reconciliation of these measures.

Net exceptional charge after taxation
included in statutory profit/(loss)"”

£1,356m

2019: £987m 437%

‘ontinued operation. See notes 3 and 12 to the Financial Statements for further information.

(4) Aggregated scores across British Gas Home, British Gas Business, Hive, Bord Géis Energy, Direct Energy Home and Direct Energy Business, weighted by customer numbers.
(6) Total residential customers excludes Direct Energy customers (2020: 2,578k, 2019: 2,782k) to ensure that it remains forward looking, Customers is a driver of long term value.

6 Sustai

Find our more about our

People & Planet Pian at

centrica.com/sustainability
matter at

ity 8 Centrica Stories

Read more about our latest
thinking, case st
insights on the issues that

8 Online Report

Read more about
our Annual Report
and Accounts at
centrica.com/ar20

lies and

centrica.com/stories

OOOO®

Explore online:
Visit our website to find out more: centrica.com

Centrica plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020

g
8
3s
é
3
D
2
8
8

Strategic Report

Chairman’s
Statement

“We are clear about the things
we need to do to continue the
turnaround of our business.
We have made good early
progress in simplifying our
structure, but these are just
the first steps in a marathon.”

Scott Wheway
Chairman

Changing Centrica

It was a great honour and privilege for me when asked by the
Board to take up the Chairman's role in April. On accepting this
responsibility, | had three priorities. Firstly, to ensure we navigated
our way through the volatility caused by the impact of COVID-19,
protecting our employees and customers. This, of course, remains
critical for us. Secondly, to select and manage the transition to a
new Chief Executive. | am delighted that we secured Chris O'Shea
in this role. Thirdly, to face into and turbocharge our actions for
turning around the Centrica business. In a nutshell, we are driving
structural simplification to improve our efficiency and, ultimately,
deliver growth in our customer-facing businesses.

This has necessitated a year of significant change for Centrica.
We have faced and taken ownership of the hard issues that have
caused our business to decline over the past decade. Although it
will take time and require further decisive actions, | am confident
that we can create a sustainable future for colleagues, customers
and shareholders.

Our people went the extra mile during COVID-19
The Board appointed Chris O’Shea as Group Chief Executive in
April. He is the right leader to navigate the Company through the
COVID-19 crisis, ensure the Company's financial resilience, drive
the recovery as we come out the other end of the pandemic, and
ensure the long-term welfare of colleagues and customers.
COVID-19 is unlike any other global crisis that we have
experienced in a generation. For the first time since the Second
World War, the needs of the communities we serve have rightly
had to take precedence over the financial performance of
businesses, including Centrica.

2 Centrica pic Annual Report and Accounts 2020

| am proud that our people rose to the challenge. Customer agents
swapped call centres for their kitchen tables to help our customers,
prioritising the vulnerable who needed extra support. Our engineers,
essential workers, played a crucial role in ensuring that our
customers had heating and hot water, even at times of maximum
restrictions. Many of our colleagues went the extra mile, shopping
for vulnerable customers, donating money, and using their skills to
make face masks to give to NHS workers. The crisis also saw the
launch of our collaboration with The Trussell Trust, to get food to
people who needed it most. To date, our engineers have delivered
the equivalent of four million meals to foodbanks across the UK.

I want to take this opportunity to pay tribute to our colleagues.
Like many essential workers, they have been brilliant. Through
their dedication, agility and compassion, we have helped

to support customers and communities during these
challenging times.

Simplifying the business

Beyond the COVID-19 crisis, our business needed to move quickly
to address the fact that our UK energy supply business has been
declining for ten years. We have now radically simplified our
business model. The modernisation of our terms and conditions
was critical in enabling us to serve customers with the flexibility
they expect in a modern, digital economy. Our workforce has
shown great courage and adaptability in the changes we have
needed to make, with over 80% embracing the new ways of
working by year end. | am sad that a small minority has pursued
industrial action, but | am certain that the changes we are making
are key to our long-term sustainability and the interests of all

our colleagues.

The sale of our North American business, Direct Energy, allowed
us to realise significant value for our shareholders. As well as
materially strengthening our balance sheet, the sale will enable
us to focus on our core home markets — the UK and Ireland.

It remains our intention to exit from our exploration and production
(E&P) business Spirit Energy in a way and with a timing that
maximises value for our shareholders. As we look to simplify the
Group further, focus on the customer and transition to a lower
carbon future, we believe this is still the right strategy.

As well as simplifying the structure of our business, some changes
were made to the Board. | want to take this opportunity to thank
my predecessor, Charles Berry, for his service to Centrica before
having to step down for health reasons. | would also like to thank
lain Conn for his commitment during his tenure as Chief Executive.
We also saw the departure of Executive Directors Sarwjit Sambhi,
Richard Hookway and Johnathan Ford, and Non-Executive
Directors Carlos Pascual, Steve Pusey and Joan Gillman. | thank
them all for their contribution to the Company.

We welcomed Carol Arrowsmith as a Non-Executive Director and
as Chair of the Remuneration Committee. Carol brings extensive
FTSE experience, particularly advising boards on executive
remuneration across a range of sectors.

Kate Ringrose was appointed Group Chief Financial Officer

and joined the Board in January 2021. She brings a wealth of
experience from a wide range of finance roles across Centrica.

| am delighted to have both Carol and Kate join the Board.

Difficult decisions

We have had to make some difficult decisions to underpin the
long-term strength of Centrica and to ensure that we emerged
from COVID-19 well-positioned for the future. Unfortunately, one
of these actions was to cancel the 2019 final dividend. We are also
proposing not to pay a dividend related to 2020. | want to assure
you that the decision was not taken lightly. However, the Board
concluded it was the prudent thing to do given the prevailing
uncertainties. The support that our shareholders have given us
for doing the right thing during COVID-19 has been very welcome.
| know that the shareholder experience has been incredibly
challenging over recent years. The Board remains focused on
positioning the business to deliver long-term sustainable returns
to shareholders.

Empowering our people

The crucial changes we have made to the structure of our
business mean that colleagues are more empowered to put the
interests of customers at the heart of their decision making. Our
people are central to our mission of turning around the business.
Chris O'Shea is passionate about leading a people-centric
revolution and rewiring the culture of the organisation to better
reflect, serve and anticipate the needs of the customers we serve.
Our new purpose of ‘Helping you live simply, sustainably and
affordably’ has been worked up with input from a wide range of
stakeholders, including - importantly ~ our colleagues. | believe
it will act as a galvanising force for colleagues and an important
signifier to all stakeholders of how our Company is evolving from
the inside out.

Working with governments and regulators

The past few years, including the introduction of the UK

energy price cap, have been a very turbulent and challenging
time for energy suppliers, with most firms unable to make an
economic return.

We believe it is essential to work constructively in partnership with
regulators and with government agencies to create a market that
works for customers and also allows companies to invest with
confidence in projects which will deliver appropriate long-term
returns from the green investments that will be critical enablers
of our net zero carbon future. At Centrica we are dedicated

to doing this.

Reaching net zero

The 2021 United Nations Climate Change Conference (COP26)
is scheduled to take place in Glasgow in November. This is an
important moment in the global fight against climate change
and a significant milestone in the UK’s journey to reach net
zero. Centrica has a leading role to play. We are committed to
decarbonising our energy system and supporting our customers
with a range of services and solutions to help reduce their

own emissions.

We recognise the urgency to make net zero a reality, which is
why we have enhanced our climate targets in line with science:
* Centrica to be net zero by 2045

* Help our customers to be net zero by 2050

In 2020, we were once again identified as a world leader for
‘strategic action on climate change by CDP, an international
non-governmental organisation reporting to investors. This is the
second consecutive year that Centrica has achieved a place on
CDP'’s prestigious ‘A List’ for our action and disclosure on climate
change. This places us in the top 20 UK companies, and we are
one of only 19 companies in our sector globally to have attained
the highest standard.

lam pleased that we are in the upper quartile of key Climate

and Environmental, Social and Governance rankings. But we
cannot rest on our laurels. We need to continue to make further
improvements to maintain our leadership position, and the Board
and | remain committed to doing this. As part of this, we will
publish our net zero transition plan in 2021.

Our journey has only just started

We are clear about the things we need to do to continue the
turnaround of our business. We have made good early progress
in simplifying our structure, but these are just the first steps ina
marathon. We believe that we should be our own biggest critic and
we are far from satisfied about where we are. We will be driving
very hard to transform ourselves both structurally and culturally
towards efficiency and agility. We intend to keep a relentless focus
‘on improving our core business and our customers’ experiences.
If we continue to do this, I’m confident that - after too many years
of disappointment and unacceptable performance — Centrica will
start to rise to the expectations of our people, our customers, our
shareholders and our wider stakeholders.

Scott Wheway
Chairman
24 February 2021

Centrica pic Annual Report and Accounts 2020 3

yodey o6a1eg

Strategic Report

errr

Group Chief

Executive’s Statement

“My role is to make my colleagues’
lives simpler, to help them thrive
and succeed, and to remove the
obstacles to them delivering for
our customers.”

Chris O’Shea
Group Chief Executive

You do not need me to tell you what a difficult year 2020 has been.
The human tragedy of lives lost and the profound impact on our
way of life has been felt by everyone and will not be forgotten.

We have all had to adapt to circumstances which, at times, seem
to have been changing on a daily basis. Centrica has been no
different, and | have been humbled and inspired by how our
colleagues have responded to the challenges we have faced

both as a Company and as a society. It is an honour and

a privilege to lead such a talented and caring group of colleagues.
Beyond navigating the COVID-19 crisis, our focus as a Company
is on creating value for all stakeholders. We have failed to do that
in recent years, and for that | am sorry. | will do everything | can
to restore shareholder value by halting our decline, stabilising

the Group, and then delivering growth in both customers and
profit. We will do this by focusing on our core markets and our
undoubted strengths. It will not be easy to achieve, but lam
confident we have the people, the market positions, the vision
and the determination to succeed. It will take time, and there

will be challenges, but we will rise to them.

Why we must change

The harsh reality is that over the past ten years we have lost two
million energy customers and one million services customers in
British Gas, over half our earnings, and more than three-quarters
of our value. We have failed to adapt quickly enough to increased
regulation, fierce competition and low commodity prices.

Agile challenger brands have taken customers from us with
low-cost business models and technology platforms that make
the customer experience seamless rather than cumbersome.
Their focus has been clear and unrelenting.

4 Centrica plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020

Rising to the challenge of COVID-19

Our priority when the pandemic took hold in March 2020
was to keep our communities warm and our colleagues safe.

Our colleagues rose to the challenge with incredible
commitment, dedication and agility. Our customer agents

all quickly adapted to working from home and our customer
service levels held up. Our service engineers continued
carrying out essential work such as fixing boiler breakdowns
while wearing appropriate personal protection equipment.

This ensured we remained available to all our customers
while prioritising those who needed additional support,
including over 80,000 of the most vulnerable British Gas
customers who were given extra help, either through
advance credit or deferred payments.

In contrast, we created an unnecessarily complicated, top-heavy,
bureaucratic structure, spending too much time doing business
with ourselves rather than with our customers. We took on too
much and we did not focus enough on what is truly important

in successful companies - our colleagues and our customers.

We cannot run Centrica in the same way if we want to reverse

our decline and restore shareholder value. To win back customers,
we must give them what they want, when they want it, and at a
price they are willing to pay.

So what have we done?
It is clear to me that our culture needs to change. My role is
to make my colleagues’ lives simpler, to help them thrive and
succeed, and to remove the obstacles to them delivering for
our customers. One of the first things | did when appointed
Chief Executive was to speak to as many of our colleagues
as | could to ask them what got in the way of doing their jobs
and giving our customers what they wanted.
These discussions highlighted the need to focus on our
core strengths, simplify and modernise how we worked,
and empower our colleagues. We decided:
* To focus on our core markets of the UK and Ireland,
‘so we completed the sale of our North American business,
Direct Energy
To become simpler, so we removed four layers of management
To modernise our ways of working and improve our
productivity, so we negotiated new terms and conditions
* To empower our colleagues, so we stopped relying

on management consultants

This has created a more modern, simpler and leaner Group
focused on delivering for our customers, with a leadership team
which now has more business Managing Directors than functional
leaders, something which has not been the case for a number of
years. Our focus is on colleagues and customers. The proportion
of our colleagues who are customer-facing is now substantially
higher than it was at the start of the year. This is the foundation

‘on which we will build a company which can succeed in the future
and deliver value for all stakeholders.

Changing our culture

Removing unnecessary complications and layers will empower
customer-facing colleagues and amplify the “voice of the
customer”. Over the past year, | have been asking two key
questions when faced with any decision and encouraging others
to do the same: “Does it improve the customer experience, now
or in the future?” And if not: “Is it required by law or regulation?”
If the answer to both questions is “No”, then we have got to ask
ourselves why we are talking about it.

| believe that the answer to a company’s issues comes mainly
from the people who know the customers best - our front-line
colleagues. The culture | want to create is one where everybody
has a voice and where answers to problems can come from
anywhere. It is a culture where meritocracy rules, where everyone
feels empowered, and where everyone can succeed regardless
of their background. And it is a culture where a leader's job is

to make colleagues’ lives easier — to serve the customer and

the front-line teams. Leaders serve staff - the opposite of the
traditional company.

This cultural transformation is underpinned by our ongoing
commitment to create a diverse workforce and an open and
inclusive working environment which truly values and leverages
the benefits of that diversity. Businesses have a role to play by
taking clear and decisive action, particularly in light of public
sentiment that was expressed so clearly in 2020. For instance,
we fully recognise that our workforce must better reflect the
diversity of the customers we serve, and are actively looking

to reflect this in our recruitment by trying different things.

Decline in British Gas Energy customers (m)

87
ili

2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020

Decline in British Gas Services customers (m)

47

2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020

Focusing on our core’ markets and strengths.

lam delighted that we achieved a compelling price
of US$3.6 billion for our North American business, Direct

» Energy, which we sold to NRG Energy Inc. The sale, which
completed in January 2021, has materially strengthened our
balance sheet and removed a source of significant eamings
volatility from the Group. | want to thank all the colleagues .
who helped build such a fantastic business and wish them
wellforthe future. ~~ yoy

We intend to sell our E&P business Spirit Energy.

+ © We have postponed the intended disposal of our Nuclear
generation assets until there is greater operational certainty.

Our acquisition of customers from Robin Hood Energy in 2020
and Simplicity Energy in 2021 shows that, as w
efforts, we will invest in good value acquisition opportunities
as long as they are ed with our strategy. .

Centrica ple Annual Report and Accounts 2020 5

yodey 91691245

Ne

Strategic Report | Group Chief Executive's Statement continued

In early 2021 we established a partnership with the Corps of Royal
Electrical and Mechanical Engineers to supplement our existing
work with the armed forces and increase our recruitment of

highly trained ex-services men and women. | hope this becomes
a mutually beneficial partnership for many years to come.

Reflecting on our 2020 performance

Our results were relatively robust, given the external environment.
We acted promptly to underpin the Company's long-term strength,
including reducing capital expenditure and restructuring spend
and taking the prudent, but difficult, decision to cancel the 2019
final dividend. We were also one of the few companies in the UK
to move quickly enough to cancel cash bonus payments for 2019
to all but our customer-facing colleagues.

COVID-19 had a negative impact on business energy demand,
led to higher bad debt provisions and restricted our ability to
Carry out as many in-home services as we wanted to, We were
also impacted by falling commodity prices and warmer weather.
After implementing a number of mitigating actions, overall
adjusted earnings per share were down 11% to 6.5p. Statutory
earnings per share were 0.7p, compared to a loss of 17.8p in 2019.

Protecting existing jobs and creating future
opportunities

Although many customers cite price as a reason for leaving,

the trigger is often disappointing customer service. We need

to get back to basics and fix our relationship with customers by
investing in better customer service. Only when we do that can
we reasonably expect to deliver profitable growth both within

our core markets and into adjacent markets.

Old terms and conditions made our directly employed engineering
team between 35% and 50% more expensive per customer repair
than well-qualified contractors. As a result, we have not invested
in creating as many new jobs as | would have liked.

| regret the fact that we have had industrial action as a result of
modernising our terms and conditions and | am truly sorry for the
impact this has had on our customers. However, | am convinced
the changes are the right thing for us in the long term and that we
will be able to move ahead with our colleagues and customers and
put this behind us.

‘Our new terms and conditions will make us more competitive by
improving productivity, and | am delighted that this means we are
recruiting 1,000 new apprentices in British Gas during 2021 and
2022, creating new, highly skilled and well-paid British jobs,
‘something our country needs now more than ever. By the end of
this decade we will have created 3,500 new apprenticeships.

Working in partnership to tackle climate change

We give ourselves the best chance of solving the biggest
challenges that society faces when governments, businesses and
communities work together. This approach will help reduce carbon
‘emissions and achieve net zero. Our strong and leading positions
in energy, services and solutions will allow us to play a leading
part in the collective efforts needed to achieve a low-carbon future
which will benefit society and present huge opportunities to add
value for our businesses.

There is no silver bullet to achieve net zero, and a mix

of technologies is required, We are expanding our range of
low-carbon technologies and capabilities, and we will work

with our customers to make the right decisions for them. In doing
‘So, we will also do all we can to support the delivery of the UK
Government's ‘Ten Point Plan’ for a Green Industrial Revolution.

6 Centrica plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020

Our new terms and conditions for engineers

* Standard 40-hour week
‘+ Market leading base salaries ranging from £29 to £40k pa
* Private healthcare for everyone

* Leading sick pay scheme, with 13 weeks full pay;
39 weeks 67% pay

+ Overtime at 133% of base pay
+ Profit share scheme

+ Productivity incentives, with uncapped eamings potential
* Defined benefit and/or defined contribution pension

What is “net zero”?

The point at which there is either no carbon dioxide

(CO,) being emitted or where any CO, emitted is removed
from the atmosphere.

Renewable energy is undoubtedly part of the solution to
the challenge of reducing carbon emissions. We continue
supporting the growth of sustainable energy systems by providing
route-to-market services (where we either buy the power from the
‘owner or we sell it on their behalf), with 11 gigawatts of renewable
capacity under contract in Europe. We also think it very likely that
hydrogen will be part of the lower carbon energy mix in the long
term, and are actively engaged in a number of hydrogen initiatives
to support clean hydrogen as a future technology. There are

huge opportunities for Centrica no matter which solutions are
ultimately adopted.

Looking forward to 2021

We recognise that this has been an extremely challengi

---

on, the risks to achieving the
Group's strategy are monitored and
reported regularly.

For more information on managing our
exposure to risk, see Our Principal Risks
and Uncertainties on pages 34 to 42.