Satisfying the
changing needs
of our customers

*A85QNTZ6*

COMPANIES HOUSE

centrica

Group Highlights

Group Operational
Performance

Total customer account holdings
- Consumer (‘000)

210 A 25057

2017 EE 25,316

Total customer account holdings
— Business ('000)

2016 TT + 209

2017 TS 1.273

Total customer gas consumption
(mmth)

216 I 2355

2017 TS 11.630

Total customer electricity
consumption (GWh)

2010 I 130 50

2017 ES 133,569

Direct Group headcount

2010 EE 20 520

2017 Ns 33.138

Total recordable injury frequency
rate per 200,000 hours worked

210 I 202"

2017 a 0.98

(1) Restated for adoption of IFRS 15: revenue from
contracts with customers.

Group Financial Summary
(Year ended 31 December 2018)

Group Revenue

£29.7bn

2017: £28.0bn
26%

Adjusted operating profit

£1,392m

2017: £1,247m"
412%

Adjusted earnings

£631m

2017: £693m"
v9%

Adjusted basic earning per share
(EPS)

11.2p

2017: 12.5p
v 10%

Adjusted operating cash flow

£2,245m

2017: £2,069m
49%

Group net debt

£2,656m

2017: £2,596m
42%

Return on average capital employed
(ROACE)

13%

2017: 14%
Y tppt

Statutory operating profit

£987m

2017; £481m"
4 105%

‘Statutory profit for the year
attributable to shareholders

£183m

2017: £328m"
v 44%

Statutory basic earning per share

3.3p

2017: 5.9p"
v44%

Statutory net cash flow
from operating activities

£1,934m

2017: £1,840m
45%

Net exceptional charge after taxation
included in statutory profit

£235m

2017; £476m
v51%

(2) Direct Group headcount excludes contractors,
agency and outsourced staff.

Read more about our Key Performance Indicators
Pages 18 to 19

Unless otherwise stated, all references to operating profit or loss, taxation, cash flow, earnings and earnings per
share throughout the Strategic Report are adjusted figures, reconciled to their statutory equivalents in the Group
Financial Review on pages 36 to 40. See also notes 2, 4 and 10 to the Financial Statements on pages 192 and 133,
136 to 143 and 151 and 182, for further details of these adjusted performance measures. In addition see pages 235
and 237 for an explanation and reconciliation of other adjusted performance measures used within this document.

+ We engaged PricewaterhouseCoopers (PwC)

to undertake a limited assurance engagement over
19 metrics highlighted with the symbol 't’ throughout
the Annual Report and Accounts 2018. See page 238
or centrica.com/assurance for more details.

Group Snapshot

The world of energy is changing and,
with our chosen businesses, distinctive
propositions and current capabilities,
Centrica is well placed to deliver for its
customers, shareholders and for society.
We aim to be a good corporate citizen
and an employer of choice.

Our areas of focus for growth are Energy Supply, Services,
Connected Home, Distributed Energy & Power, Energy
Marketing & Trading. We also have a material Exploration
& Production division.

We supply energy and services to over 25 million customer
accounts mainly in the UK, Ireland and North America
through strong brands such as British Gas, all supported

by around 15,000 engineers and technicians. We are focused
on delivering high levels of customer service, engagement
and loyalty.

Technology is increasingly important in the delivery of energy
and services to our customers. We are developing innovative
products, offers and solutions, underpinned by investment

in technology. In 2017 we announced the creation of anew
venture ‘Centrica Innovations’ to identify, incubate and
accelerate new technologies and innovations.

At the end of 2017, phase one of Centrica’s repositioning

was complete. We have simplified our business and portfolio.
We now have just three divisions - Centrica Consumer,
Centrica Business and Exploration & Production. Our asset
portfolio has been materially repositioned.

We have delivered cumulative annual savings of £940 million
since 2015. 2018 exceptional restructuring charge of £170
million taking total exceptional restructuring costs 2016-18
to £486 million. We are seeing encouraging signs of progress
in our customer-facing businesses. A further £250 million

of savings are expected in 2019 taking cumulative annual
savings relative to 2015 close to the £1.25 billion 2020 target.

Read more about Our Strategy
Pages 1410 15

Read more about Our Business Model
Pages 16to 17

Contents

Strategic Report

2 ~~ Centricaat a Glance

4 — Chairman's Statement

8 — Group Chief Executive's Statement

44 OurStrategy

16 Our Business Model

48 Key Performance Indicators

20 Business Review

28 Digital Transformation

30 Centrica Consumer

32 Centrica Business

34° Exploration & Production

36 Group Financial Review

41 Our Principal Risks and
Uncertainties

52 Stakeholder Engagement

56 Delivering our Responsible
Business Ambitions

Governance

66 Directors’ and Corporate
Governance Report

80 Committee Reports

90 Remuneration Report

110 Directors’ and Corporate Governance

Report - Other Statutory Information

Financial Statements

114
124
125

126
127
128
129
209
21

220
221
222

Independent Auditors’ Report

Group Income Statement

Group Statement of

Comprehensive Income

Group Statement of Changes in Equity
Group Balance Sheet

Group Cash Flow Statement

Notes to the Financial Statements
Company Financial Statements

Notes to the Company

Financial Statements

Gas and Liquids Reserves (Unaudited)
Five Year Summary (Unaudited)
Ofgem Consolidated Segmental
Statement

Other Information

234
235

238

IBC

Shareholder Information
Additional Information

- Explanatory Notes (Unaudited)
Responsible Business

~— Performance Measures
Glossary

Explore online f
Visit our website to find out more: y
centrica.com/ari8 >
@centricaple in

Centrica plc Annual Report and Accounts 2018

Strategic Report

Centrica
at a Glance

Our purpose

Providing energy and services
to satisfy the changing needs
of our customers.

2 Centrica plc Annual Report and Accounts 2018

Centrica Consumer
UK Home

‘Supplying competitive and reliable energy to residential customers
in the UK, and providing innovative services and solutions that help
to keep their homes warm and working.

Ireland
‘Supplying competitive and reliable energy and energy services
to residential and business customers across Ireland.

North America Home
‘Supplying competitive and reliable energy and providing home
services to customers in North America.

Connected Home

Helping customers get more from their homes, providing automation,
‘energy management and peace of mind through our award-winning
range of Hive connected home devices, software and services.

«((

patience Eee wm pect
Bish es aNY Enemy. Hi

<
m

Read more about Centrica Consumer on
Pages 20 to 23 and 30 to 31

Our performance
Breakdown of gross revenue

uk ©2222"

Home £8,536m
Ireland [£207
Home mm c827m

North America

GE £2,533

Home a £2,722m
Connected [267m
Home 242m

Breakdown of adjusted operating profit/(loss)

uk Y ___kaaa

Home EE £51977
Ireland [eam

Home wL4a7m

North America HB s123m

Home mmci14me

Connected £(85)m

Home £(95)m

(1) Restated for adoption of IFRS15: Revenue from contracts with customers

HERB 201 Figures

ME 2017 Figures

Centrica Business

UK Business

‘Supplying energy and services to a diverse range of business customers

in the UK, using a variety of products tailored to meet their differing needs
and help them more effectively manage their energy consumption and costs.

North America Business
Supplying competitive and reliable electricity and natural gas and energy
services to retail and wholesale customers across North America.

Distributed Energy & Power

Providing industrial and commercial customers with the ability to use energy
more intelligently, giving them the tools to generate and manage their energy
usage under the Centrica Business Solutions brand.

Energy Marketing & Trading
Providing risk management and wholesale market access for the Group, building
‘on strong cross-commodity trading capabilities and a global presence in LNG.

Central Power Generation
Generating power from our 20% interest in eight nuclear power stations in the UK
and managing the output from a tolling arrangement with Spalding Power Station.

g
a oO
Read more about Centrica Business on
Pages 24 to 26 and 32 to 33
Breakdown of gross revenue
UK HB £1,857
Business (BB £1,830m
North America EE ©2020"
Business EE £8,155
Distributed ]£209m
Energy & Power 1£183m"
Energy Marketing £5,752
& Trading £4,766
Central Power BE e744m
Generation m£622m

Breakdown of adjusted operating profit/(loss)

UK [eon
Business 24m
North America Hcoim
Business mc7im
Distributed cei)
Energy & Power (53m
Energy Marketing [ssa
& Trading imma c104m
Central Power [27m
Generation m£35m
HEE 2016 Figures

ME 2017 Figures

Exploration & Production
Spirit Energy

Targeting a sustainable, self-financing Exploration & Production
(E&P) business, producing around 50 million barrels of oil
equivalent a year, focused on the North Sea (the UK, the
Netherlands, Norway and Denmark).

Centrica Storage

Operating the Rough gas field in the UK North Sea, which
has been converted from a storage asset to a producing
asset before decommissioning.

centrica
storage

@zx,

Read more about Exploration & Production on
Page 27 and pages 341035,

Breakdown of gross revenue

HB £2,121m

£1,744m®

Exploration
& Production

Breakdown of adjusted operating profit/(loss)

a

£201m"

Exploration
& Production

(1) Restated for adoption of IFRS15:
Revenue from contracts with customers
(2) Restated to include Centrica Storage

HE 2018 Figures

(EE 2017 Figures

Centrica ple Annual Report and Accounts 2018 3

Strategic Report

Chairman’s
Statement

26,276

thousand customer
accounts

(includes 5,560
DE&P sites)

30,520

Direct Group headcount

After five years as Chairman of Centrica,
this marks the end of my time helping to
guide the destiny of this great company.
So, | think it is a good moment to reflect
‘on all that has happened and offer my
perspective on the ways in which the
energy markets, the political environment
and the business have evolved over

that time.

It has been a period of many changes and

* challenge, both extemally and internally.

The political tectonic plates have moved
in ways that have proved very difficult to
predict, culminating in Brexit in the UK and
the election of President Trump in the US.
Since the Global Financial Crisis, public
trust in business has steadily eroded.

We in the corporate sector must
shoulder our share of the blame for

that. We certainly have not argued

the case for business and free markets
as effectively as we could have done.

Equally, governments and regulators,
encouraged by pressure groups and the
commissars of social media, have taken
advantage of the prevailing mood to pursue
interventionist and populist policies which
have damaged investor sentiment and
business confidence without achieving
their purported objective of benefiting
consumers to any great extent.

The business Zeitgeist has been that
disruption is good. In many sectors,
new entrants with new ways of working
have undoubtedly brought benefits to
consumers in the shape of increased
choice and affordability. But there have
also been unintended consequences

- less secure employment, distorted
markets, more tax avoidance and
insufficient consideration of what
healthy future enterprise ecosystems
might comprise.

4 Centrica plc Annual Report and Accounts 2018

Meanwhile, Centrica continues to be
exposed to commodity prices and weather
which have experienced even greater
volatility in recent times. Our control over
the external environment is very limited.
This has been the unsettled context

of my time at Centrica. The company
joined was very different from today’s

a vertically integrated, more asset

heavy, energy-focused conglomerate

with a poor record of serving many of

its customers. It was already apparent at
the very beginning of my tenure that this
resource-led business model, constructed
at great cost, was unsustainable.
Something had to change if Centrica was
to have a long-term future. So, we developed
anew strategy which offered the chance to
restore the Company to profitable growth.
This involved re-engineering the business in
mid-flight while the context around us was
constantly changing.

The strategy we launched in 2015 was
based on a reaffirmation of our core
purpose “to provide energy and services
to satisfy the changing needs of our
customers”. It consisted of three elements:
reshaping the portfolio of businesses;
becoming materially more efficient; and
developing new engines of growth. We also
‘sought to shift the Company's narrative
and its relationship with stakeholders.

We have been largely successful in
achieving the first and second elements.
We have re-focused more investment

‘on our customer-facing businesses and
become simpler as an organisation,
divesting many of our asset-based
‘operations; we have developed new
capabilities - in our traditional energy
supply and services businesses, and in our
newer distributed energy and connected
home activities - as we adapt to a more
decentralised energy market where
advances in technology are placing control
in the hands of our customers. We have
also run a disciplined cost efficiency
programme which has helped to protect
our cash flow, credit rating and dividend
cover the past four years.

“We provide heat, light and essential services
to millions of households and businesses;
we help to secure vital energy supplies for
the nation; we generate significant economic
benefits through jobs, investment and our
supply chain. This is a great business which
lam confident has a great future.”

When it comes to the third element of

our strategy — developing new engines

of growth — we are not there yet, but

the signs are encouraging. Our customer
segmentation and proposition development
Capabilities have advanced beyond
recognition in my time with the Company,
while we have seen material growth rates
in Connected Home and Distributed
Energy & Power, This is evidence that

we are evolving our offerings to meet

the changing needs of our customers.
Improving our relationship with our
stakeholders is also a work in progress.
We have made great efforts to provide

a better service to our customers, with
‘some encouraging results. Complaints
are down in energy supply in all our
geographies, But we still have a long way
to go in rebuilding trust, which is essential
if we are to retain customers in a world

of price caps.

Our employees have been extremely

loyal and hardworking through a time of
constant change; a significant reduction in
the number of posts across the business;
the sale of assets; and the creation of new
functions. | would like to thank every one
of our people, not just for the past year,
but for my entire time at Centrica. They
are a credit to the business.

With the UK Government and regulator we
have had our well known differences and
we made clear our opposition to the price
cap on all default tariffs. Although we
accept the implementation of the cap

and are now focused on continuing to
serve our customers effectively under it,
we have requested a judicial review of
some of the assumptions which underly it.

Whatever our disagreements, we have
always tried to engage constructively with
governments of any stripe and to behave
as a good corporate citizen with a social
conscience and a key contributor to the
economic prosperity of the countries in
which we operate.

For our shareholders the past few years
have been a bumpy ride. But despite
short-term setbacks and a historically
challenging extemal environment, | am
confident that our strategy is the best way
to restore growth and ensure the survival
of a great British business. It is difficult to
see how sticking to Centrica’s old business
model would have produced a better
short-term or long-term outcome for

our shareholders.

During my time in the boardroom we have
found ourselves deep in discussion on a
very wide range of topics. The strategic
discussion never ends. Are we developing
the cash flows and the disciplines that we
need? What are our profitable growth
prospects? Do we have the right
capabilities? Is our remuneration
structure and policy fit for purpose?

We have deliberated at length about

the shifting skills base. We have made
great efforts to develop the truly
representative workforce which a

21st century organisation requires.

We know that we need to push diversity
harder to achieve that. This applies just
as much in the boardroom as it does

in the rest of the business.

Board succession and planning has been
at the forefront of our minds in 2018 as
numerous changes took effect which will
significantly alter the dynamic of the Board
for the next few years. We embrace the
importance of diversity and inclusion in
all Board recruitment and we support

the recommendations of the Hampton-
Alexander and Parker Reviews in relation
to gender and ethnic diversity. We are
actively seeking to achieve a broader,
more diverse Board composition.

But we acknowledge that we must
improve our record in this area.

As part of a structured and continuous
Board succession programme, three of
our Executive Directors, Mark Hanafin,
Jeff Bell and Mark Hodges, have stepped
down from the Board and have been
succeeded by Richard Hookway, Chris
O'Shea and Sarwiit Sambhi, respectively.
| would like to extend a warm welcome to
Richard, Chris and Sarwijit and to thank
Jeff, Mark and Mark for the valuable
service they have given to Centrica.

{ would also like to welcome two new
Non-Executive Directors to the Board,
Pam Kaur and Kevin O'Byrne. Pam joined
the Board in February 2019 and has
considerable experience of audit,
compliance, finance and risk management
which will be of significant benefit to the
Board. Kevin, who brings a wealth of retail
and finance experience, joins the Board
in May 2019 and will succeed Margherita
Della Valle as Chairman of the Audit
Committee. Margherita will retire from
the Board in May having completed her
nine-year term in office. | would like to
thank Margherita for her hard work and
contribution to Centrica over that period.

Centrica pic Annual Report and Accounts 2018

Strategic Report | Chairman's statement,

Further information on all of these Board
changes is set out in my Governance
Statement and in the report of the
Nomination Committee, both of which
can be found in the Governance section
of this Annual Report.

We also announced in December that,
after 22 years with the Company, our
Group General Counsel & Company
Secretary, Grant Dawson, has elected
to retire on 31 March 2019. Over a long
career with the Company, Grant has
been a valuable guide to the Board

and executive team and a real servant
of Centrica. He is succeeded by Justine
Campbell, who has been at Centrica
since 2013 and has in-depth legal

and regulatory experience in both the
energy and telecommunications sectors.

As you read this, as announced in May
2018 | will have departed my role as
Chairman. It has been both a privilege

and stimulating challenge to lead the
Board. But now that our portfolio
restructuring is coming to an end,

| felt that it was the right time to go.

We are fortunate to have in my successor
Charles Berry someone ideally suited

in talent, temperament and experience

to guide the Board as Centrica returns

to sustainable long-term growth and
further develops its new narrative.

Last year | announced that | had asked
our Non-Executive Director, Joan Gillman,
to provide reassurance that the voice of
our people is being heard loud and clear
in the boardroom. | am pleased to say

that Joan has been effective in doing this
and | would like to thank her for her input
in this key area.

Good employee engagement is vital for
the future of Centrica. Without it, we
cannot hope to serve our customers to the
best of our ability or develop the attractive
new propositions that we need to survive in
‘such a competitive environment. In recent
years, our record has been disappointing.
Happily, our employee engagement scores
improved in 2018, but remain well below
where we want them to be. We must
continue to do more to support our people.

As Centrica looks to the future, many
questions remain to be answered. Can

our mix of businesses grow? Can we
remain competitive by continuing to drive
efficiency gains? Can we rebuild the trust
of customers in a world of price caps? Can
we further improve our risk management
and mitigation? Can we build the muscles
and demonstrate agility to be able to
respond to changed circumstances
quicker and more effectively?

The answers to those questions are
grounded in the strategy which we
developed in 2015. We took along,
hard look at the Company and we felt
that we had a duty to take this great
Company and create a future for it.

We knew that market and political
conditions would be turbulent and volatile,
so we asked ourselves: “Is this a strategy
that is good for all seasons?” | believe

the answer to that question is “Yes”,

even with events that we could not have
foreseen at the time, including Brexit.

We can argue about the nuances of the
portfolio balance we have created. But we
have preserved cash flow and the dividend
and that speaks volumes. That by itself

is not enough to prove the Company can
grow. But we have laid the groundwork

on which | am confident my successor
will build.

| hope this marks a point where Centrica
is on a far more positive footing. At a time
when our national economy faces great
uncertainty and emerging threats, it is
worth reflecting on the importance of
Centrica as a business for the UK.

We provide heat, light and essential
services to millions of households and
businesses; we help to secure vital energy
supplies for the nation; we generate
significant economic benefits through
jobs, investment and our supply chain.
This is a great business which | am
confident has a great future.

Rick Haythornthwaite
Chairman

20 February 2019

Read more about our
workforce engagement on
Page 78

6 Centrica ple Annual Report and Accounts 2018

Introducing our new Chairman

“| have known Centrica since
its inception over 20 years ago,
first as a competitor when
| was at Scottish Power,
then during my time as
chairman of Drax up to 2015.”

Charles Berry

So it is a special privilege for me to take on the role of
Chairman at a company that I have long recognised

and admired.

\ have enjoyed starting to get under the bonnet of Centrica
over the past few months by immersing myself in the business,
visiting sites across the globe — from Staines to New Jersey
-and familiarising myself with our activities: everything from
energy supply and services, energy marketing and trading,

to the innovations we are developing to benefit our customers.
What | have seen is richer and deeper than | expected -

and my expectations were already high. | have witnessed

the extensive commitment and quality of our colleagues

and the diverse range of their capabilities. This is reassuring,
given the challenges we face.

Ihave nearly a quarter of a century of personal experience
in and around the energy sector. | hope to bring all this to

bear in helping to craft a way forward for Centrica and
supplementing the already considerable skills of my

Board colleagues.

As a member of the steering group of the Hampton-Alexander
Review, | am deeply committed to the need for and the
benefits of diversity. There is strength in diversity, both at
Board and team level, and Centrica is clearly focused on
achieving that.

Rick has worked hard throughout his time as Chairman to
refresh the Board and nurture its evolution. I’m delighted to
welcome to the Board Pam Kaur and Kevin O'Byrne as our
new Non-Executive Directors, Chris O’Shea, Sarwjit Sambhi
and Richard Hookway as new Executive Directors and Justine
Campbell as Group General Counsel & Company Secretary.

| look forward to working with them all. | would also like to

pay tribute to Rick for his calm and insightful leadership

of the Board over the past six years.

Itis a truism that we face serious challenges as a business.
To my mind, none is greater than climate change. Extreme
weather events around the world make it ever more evident
that companies need to address this issue and it is clear

to me that Centrica can make a big contribution.

We have developed new capabilities - such as Distributed
Energy & Power - which are completely consistent with
amore effective approach to tackling climate change.

Asa Group, we are strategically positioned to respond
effectively to the three driving forces of change in our

sector ~ decentralisation, digitisation and decarbonisation.
As | look forward to my time guiding the deliberations of

the Board, | will also be looking to ensure that we continue
to improve our engagement with all our stakeholders.

In particular, in line with the UK's new corporate governance
code, which came into effect this year, Joan Gillman has
taken on the role as designated Non-Executive for
engagement with our employees.

It is important for you to know that we are not doing this simply
to tick boxes, but because it is the right thing to do and will
make the business stronger. | look forward to Joan developing
her role and inputs to the Board through 2019 and beyond.

These are difficult times for businesses and Centrica is

no exception. We face intensifying competition, political
uncertainty and regulatory intervention. But | am confident
that our range of capabilities and the skills of our people
will ensure a bright and prosperous future for the Company.
{very much look forward to being part of it.

Read more about Corporate Governance on
Pages 66to 112

Centrica pic Annual Report and Accounts 2018 7

Strategic Report

Group Chief Executive’s

Statement

0.06"

process safety
incident frequency rate
(Tier 1 and 2)

£248m

2018 efficiencies
delivered

1 Included in PwC's limited
assurance engagement.
See page 238 or centrica.com/
assurance for more details.

2018 was another year in which we had to
navigate key uncertainties in our operating
environment, including volatile commodity
prices and an impending price cap in the
UK energy market. Our focus has been

‘on what we can control, driving underlying
performance delivery and ensuring
financial discipline as we continue to
prioritise our resources towards satisfying
the changing needs of our customers in
energy and services. The Centrica team
did all of this well and ensured we did not
take our eyes off our top priorities of safety,
compliance and of course improving the
customer experience.

Ensuring the safety of our people, partners
and customers is of huge importance

to Centrica. We delivered a significant
improvement in our process safety
performance in 2018, particularly in

our Morecambe and Centrica Storage
operations, where we had 0.06t Tier 1 plus
Tier 2 process safety events per 200,000
hours worked relative to 0.14 in 2017. This
puts us in the top quartile of UK companies.
Driving safety improved and customer
injuries were reduced by over 10%.
However, our personal and occupational
safety performance did not improve overall
with a total recordable injury frequency rate
slightly higher than in 2017, due in large
part to musculoskeletal injuries in our
smart meter operations in the UK.

For our customers, across both Consumer
and Business divisions, we have been
focused on increased personalisation

of offers, increased digitalisation of the
customer experience and customer
journeys, and provided new propositions
and services which our customers clearly
value. At the same time, enhanced
segmentation has allowed us to place a
stronger focus on customer lifetime value.
In both divisions, we have continued to
invest in customer service and our Net
Promoter Scores have been stable.

Centrica plc Annual Report and Accounts 2018

For our shareholders, we remain
committed to delivery of long-term
shareholder value thr