BETA Close X Centrica plc announced further life extensions for the Heysham 1 and Hartlepool nuclear power stations, in which it holds a 20% share, pushing their expected closure dates back by two years to March 2030. These extensions will add approximately 6TWh of incremental generation for Centrica, bolstering the UK's energy security with reliable, low-carbon electricity, and require no material upfront capital investment. This development follows recent news regarding a 20-year Contract for Difference for Sizewell B, expected to enable its operation from 2035 to 2055. The closure dates for Heysham 2 and Torness remain unchanged at March 2030. Disclaimer* Centrica PLC 22 July 2026 Centrica plc 22 July 2026 Further life extensions for nuclear power stations Centrica (the "Company") is pleased to confirm further life extensions for the Heysham 1 and Hartlepool nuclear power stations, in which it has a 20% share, extending their expected closure dates by a further two years to March 2030. Together, Heysham 1 and Hartlepool produce enough electricity to power more than 4 million homes a year, reducing the UK's reliance on imported fossil fuels and supporting the transition to a cleaner energy system. These extensions add approximately 6TWh of incremental generation for the Company, helping to strengthen the UK's energy security with further reliable, low-carbon electricity. There is no material upfront capital investment required as part of these extensions. This announcement follows the recently announced Heads of Terms for a 20-year regulated Contract for Difference agreement for the Sizewell B nuclear power station, which is expected to enable the station to continue operating from 2035 to 2055. The contract with UK Government is expected to be finalised later this year. There is no change to the expected closure date of March 2030 for Heysham 2 and Torness, as announced in December 2024. Chris O'Shea, Group Chief Executive of Centrica, said: "I'm delighted that Heysham 1 and Hartlepool will continue to play a key role in the UK's energy system for longer. These stations provide reliable, low-carbon electricity that supports Britain's energy security, protects skilled jobs and underpins a more resilient economy. Following the recent positive news on the life extension of Sizewell B, this further demonstrates the important role nuclear can continue to play in delivering the secure and dependable power the UK needs as demand for electricity grows." Notes: · These dates are forecasts, and the precise dates will be determined by the results of regular graphite inspections and how those results are interpreted by the operator, and by the independent regulator, the Office for Nuclear Regulation. · End of generation dates are kept under review and revised based on the best information available at the time. · Decisions on end of generation dates for nuclear power stations in the UK are independent of the regulator or government and are taken by the licensee board following recommendations. · The decision to change the end generation dates for the two stations was taken following a licensee board meeting on 22 July 2026. · Prior to this decision, Heysham 1 and Hartlepool power stations were due to move into defueling in March 2028 based on a review in September 2025. · The lifetimes of Torness and Heysham 2 were not reviewed as part of this process. Enquiries: Centrica Investors and analysts: Email: ir@centrica.com Media: Email: media@centrica.com Tel: +44 (0) 1784 843000 END Centrica plc is listed on the London Stock Exchange (CNA) Registered Office: Millstream, Maidenhead Road, Windsor, Berkshire SL4 5GD Registered in England & Wales number: 3033654 Legal Entity Identifier number: E26EDV109X6EEPBKVH76 ISIN number: GB00B033F229 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Centrica (CNA) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 hour ago Canal+ SA 1 hour ago PayPoint 3 hours ago Premier Miton Group 3 hours ago Braemar 4 hours ago Hill and Smith All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and