BETA Close X Centrica plc provided an AGM statement indicating good strategic progress, including the acquisition of the 850MW Severn power station for approximately £370m, which is expected to contribute £30m-£60m of EBITDA annually from 2027. For the full year 2026, capital investment is projected at around £1.1bn. Retail EBITDA is anticipated to be at the lower end of its £500m-£800m guidance range due to warmer weather and bad debt challenges, while Optimisation EBITDA remains unchanged at around £250m. Infrastructure EBITDA is expected to exceed its £500m-£650m guidance range, driven by higher realised prices, with the Meter Asset Provider business on track to install over 1m meters and contribute £175m in EBITDA alongside Sizewell C and Grain LNG. Disclaimer* Centrica PLC 07 May 2026 7 May 2026 Centrica plc AGM Statement Centrica plc (the "Company") will hold its Annual General Meeting today at 10.30am at The Parkgate Hotel, Westgate Street, Cardiff, CF10 1DA . Ahead of the Company's 2026 Interim Results, which will be released on 23 July 2026, the Company provides the following update on its performance. Centrica continues to make good progress on the execution of its strategy, including investing for value through its organic pipeline and the c.£370m acquisition of the 850MW Severn power station 1 , as well as continuing to progress its transformation programme. For the 2026 full year we expect: · Capital investment in 2026 to be around £1.1bn. · Retail EBITDA to be towards the lower end of its guidance range 2 , reflecting the impact of warmer weather year-to-date, the shape of the commodity price curve and continued challenges in residential energy bad debt collection. · No change to Optimisation EBITDA guidance 3 . · Infrastructure EBITDA to be above the top end of its guidance range 4 , predominantly supported by higher realised prices. · Within Infrastructure, continued strong performance from the Meter Asset Provider ("MAP"), which is on-track to install over 1m meters in 2026. The expected EBITDA contribution for the year from MAP, Sizewell C and Grain LNG is unchanged at around £175m. · The outlook is subject to the usual uncertainties for the balance of the year, including weather, commodity prices, regulation and government policy. We also continue to monitor the impact of the ongoing conflict in the Middle East. Enquiries: Investors and Analysts: email: ir@centrica.com Media: email: media@centrica.com tel: +44 (0)1784 843000 Notes: 1. Announced 7 May 2026, further details available here: www.centrica.com/severn . All guidance commentary includes Severn, which is expected to make a small net loss in 2026 due to transaction and integration costs, alongside naturally lower revenues in the summer months. From 2027 onwards Severn is e xpected to contribute £30m - 60m of EBITDA per annum. 2. Retail adjusted EBITDA guidance range of £500m - £800m. 3. Optimisation adjusted EBITDA of around £250m. 4. Infrastructure adjusted EBITDA guidance range of £500m - £650m. Centrica plc is listed on the London Stock Exchange (CNA) Registered Office: Millstream, Maidenhead Road, Windsor, Berkshire SL4 5GD Registered in England & Wales number: 3033654 Legal Entity Identifier number: E26EDV109X6EEPBKVH76 ISIN number: GB00B033F229 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Centrica (CNA) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 14 hours ago CloudCoco Group 14 hours ago Petrotal Corporation NPV (DI) 14 hours ago Integrated Diagnostics Holdings 15 hours ago Inchcape 15 hours ago PZ Cussons All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and