<
f]
v4
5 ‘
< *AC4F41GB*
A14 27/05/2023 #164 |
i COMPANIES HOUSE J

Vistry Group PLC

Annual Report 2022

Contents

Strategic report
1 Introduction
2 ‘Our Group at a glance
4 Chair's statement
6 Chief Executive's review

12 Market environment

16 Our business model

18 Ourstrategy

22 Financial review

28 Our stakeholders and engagement

30 Section 172 statement

32 Sustainability report

49 Climate-related financial disclosures (TCFD)

56 Risk management and our principal risks
63 Viability and going concern statements
65 Non-financial information statement

Governance report

67 Chair's governance letter
70 Board of Directors
72 Code application

74 Board leadership and company purpose
83 _ Division of responsibilities

84 Composition, succession and evaluation
87 Nomination Committee report

90 Audit Committee report

98 Directors’ Remuneration report
124 Directors’ report

128 Directors’ responsibility statement

Financial statements

130 Independent auditors’ report

142 Group income statement

142 Group statement of comprehensive income
143 Balance sheets - Group and Company

144 Statement of changes in equity
~ Group and Company

146 Statement of cash flows
= Group and Company
147 Notes to the financial statements

Other information

197 Five-year record
198 Shareholder information

Front cover images:

Top: Beaulieu, Chelmsford, Essex.

Centre left: Saffron View, Saffron Waldon, Essex.
Centre right: Twigworth Green, Twigworth, Gloucester.
Bottom: Great Eastern Quays Phase 2, East London

Highlights’

Group revenue Legal completions3
£2,729m 11,951

(2021: £2,407m)2 (2021: 11,080)

HBF customer Housebuilding
satisfaction’ average sales price>

5-star £324,600

(2021: 5-star) (2021: £305,100)

Profit before tax Adjusted profit

£ 2 47 . 5 m before tax®
(2021: £319.5m) £418.4m

(2021: £346.0m)

Basic earnings per Adjusted earnings

share per share®
86.5p 137.5p
(2021: 114.6p) (2021: 125.5p)

ROCE? Net cash®

28.3% £118.2m

(2021: 25.5%) (2021: £234.5m)

|. The hightights above are presented on a consolidated basis and include Countryside's financials for the period
post ll November 2022 to 31 December 2022.

2, 2021 Group revenue has been restated in relation to trading with joint ventures, See note 1.6 of the financial
statements,

3. Includes joint venture completions

4, Based on responses from customers who legally completed between 1 Octaber 2021 to 30 September 2022.
Star rating awarded according to the proportion responding 'yes' to the question would you recommend your
builder toa friend? asked eight weeks after legal completion: 5-star rating 90% and above.

5, Average selling price shown an an adjusted basis to Include the proportional contebutlon of joint ventures

{6 Adjusted to exclude exceptional items and the amortisation of acquired intangible assets. See note 24 of the
nancial statements,

7 Return on capital employed is calculated as adjusted operating profit (orior to exceptional costs and
‘amortisation of acquired intangibles), divided by the average opening and closing shareholders funds plus
‘et cash, less goodwill and intangible assets and less retirement benefit asset, See note S.12 ofthe financial
statements for full conciliation

£8, Net cash includes cash and cash equivalents, non-current bank and other loans and current bank and other
{oans, Net cash excludes lease lablties, See note 4.2 ofthe financial statements,

Introduction

vonanposuy

2022 was another landmark year for the Group, during which we made
significant strategic progress. Through our combination with Countryside
we are now one of the country’s major housebuilders and a leader in the
partnerships sector. We also delivered a strong financial performance
and continued to create quality homes and communities in line with

our purpose. Our sustainability strategy is progressing well and we are
evolving our design process to ensure our homes are fit for the future.

¥
3
8
3
8
8

yodas aaueusano5

syuawayeys jeDueUly

Vo!eWsOJU! JBYIO

Top: Rochester Riverside, Rochester. Bottom: Collingtree Park, Northampton.

Vistry Group PLC | Annuat Report | 1

Our Group at a glance

We are a leading player in the housebuilding industry.

21

What we do

We deliver high quality sustainable homes and help
create new communities. Our expertise and capabilities
cover all housing tenures and we are one of the largest
private sector providers of affordable housing in the UK.

Our purpose

To develop sustainable new homes and communities
across all sectors of the UK housing market.

Our Ethos

DO THE RIGHT THING

We endeavour to do the right thing for our customers,
our people and our shareholders.

Our values

Our values, integrity, caring and quality, reflect the
culture we aspire to embed across the Group. In line
with our ethos, at all times we endeavour to do the
right thing for all our stakeholders.

Our culture

integrity

q
* You can trust and count on me. {
integrity
Caring
Quality

+ | am always open and honest.
+ I take ownership to get it sorted.

art
Caring
+ lam committed to keeping people safe.

* Lunderstand and adapt to the individual needs of my customer.

+ I take time to listen and understand how people feel.

Quality

+ I deliver on my promises and take pride in what | do.
+ 1am committed to getting it right first time.
+ 1am willing to go the extra mile.

Our purpose and values help us embed our One Vistry culture which shapes every day, every project and every home we build

BUILDING

is our purpose and sits at the heart
of everything we do.

BETTER

and share.

is our everyday aspiration, striving
through improvement through
the Group-wide values we know

TOGETHER

is our collective ambition, to learn
from and lean on each other's
knowledge and expertise.

Our business

Following our combination with Countryside, given the excellent reputation of the strong Countryside brand, our
enlarged Partnerships business has been renamed Countryside Partnerships. Our Housebuilding business is now known
as Vistry Housebuilding. The businesses have market-leading capabilities across all housing tenures at a time when the

need for affordable housing has never been greater

Countryside

Partnerships

Leading partnerships business with strong and proven
track record

Delivers high-quality new homes across multi-tenures
including affordable, private rental and private for sale
homes, and plays a leading role in urban regeneration.

Key strength includes strong established relationships
with housing associations. local authorities and private
rented sector providers.

Operates across England through 19 business units,
each with a regional office.

Aspires to strong growth and is committed to increasing
the much needed supply of affordable housing.

Our brands

Vistry

Housebuilding

Top UK housebuilder with market-leading consumer
brands.

Plans, designs and builds high-quality new homes that
blend tradition and innovation and create contemporary
living standards.

Products range from one-bedroom apartments through
to larger family homes

Operates across England through 13 business units,
each with a regional office.

Owns and controls a valuable and deliverable land
bank totalling more than 37,000 owned and
conditionally contracted plots and the capacity to
deliver c.8,000 homes per annum from its existing
infrastructure.

Operational

Countryside Vistry

Partnerships

Retail

Bovis ey

COUNTRYSIDE Homes*

Homes

Housebuilding

Vistry

Works Services

HOMES Ventures

Vistry Group PLC | Annual Report 2022 | 3

Vistry

Linden  Vistry3%

von anpouy

¥
3
3
3
8
8

odas a2ueusano5

squawayeys jenueuly

voreWwsoju! Jay.

Chair's statement

“It has been a transformational year during
which the Group has delivered another
excellent financial performance and made
significant strategic progress through its

combination with Countryside.”

Ralph Findlay OBE | Chair

This is my first Chair letter since succeeding lan Tyler as Chair
of the Group at our Annual General Meeting (AGM) on 18 May
2022. Having been a Non-Executive Director of the Group since
April 2015, | was delighted to have the opportunity to take on
this role.

Overview

The Group continued to deliver an excellent financial
performance and through our combination with Countryside
Partnerships PLC (Countryside) (the Combination) we have
created a leading portfolio of housebuilding and partnership
assets. This transformational development has significantly
accelerated our strategy of rapidly growing our more resilient
Partnerships revenues and creates a platform to deliver material
value creation for all stakeholders, including sector leading
returns for shareholders over the medium term.

People

Our people are critical to the success of our business. On behalf
of the Board | would like to thank them for their continued

hard work and commitment, all of which has contributed to the
significant progress the Group has made during the year. | would
also like to take the opportunity to welcome those colleagues
who have joined the Group as a result of our combination with
Countryside.

Sustainability

We have a clear purpose: to develop sustainable homes and
communities across the UK. In fulfilling this purpose the health
and safety of all our stakeholders is a top priority. In April 2022
we signed The Building Safety Pledge Letter addressed to the
Secretary of State and Department for Levelling Up, Housing &
Communities (the Pledge Letter) and in March 2023 the Self-
Remediation Terms and Deed of Bilateral Contract (the Developer
Remediation Contract) (see page 81). Our signature of both
documents formalised the Group's existing commitments to
support leaseholders and reflects our ‘do the right thing’ ethos
which underpins everything we do.

Following its launch in 2021, we are continuing to progress our
sustainability strategy. Some of the homes we provide already
exceed the Future Homes Standard requirements and we are
applying our experience to develop innovative technical solutions
that drive even greater energy efficiency and carbon reduction

Dividends and capital allocation policy

The Board is committed to retaining a healthy and resilient
balance sheet. The Group's priority remains to invest in high
returning land market opportunities in line with our land
investment strategy and growth targets for both Housebuilding
and the less capital-intensive Partnerships business. During

the more recent period of heightened market uncertainty, the
Group has maintained a selective approach to acquiring land,
particularly for the Housebuilding business.

The Board is recommending a final ordinary dividend of 32 (2021
40) pence per share, bringing the total ordinary dividend for
2022 to 55 (2021: 60) pence per share. This represents a total
full year dividend payment of £162.3m (2021: £133.1m), which is
covered two times by Group adjusted net earnings.

As previously announced, the Board is reviewing the enlarged
Group's allocation policy to ensure it remains appropriate in the
context of the enlarged Group, and in doing so will be consulting
with shareholders.

Board and Committee changes

There were a number of Board and Committee changes during
the year. As highlighted above after eight and a half years in
the role lan Tyler stepped down as Chair of the Group at the
conclusion of our AGM in May 2022. On behalf of the Board, !
would like to thank lan for his invaluable contribution as Chair.

Graham Prothero, formerly Chief Operating Officer and a Director
of the Group, resigned during the year to take up a position of
CEO with MJ Gleeson PLC and left the Group on 31 December
2022. Graham has been a valued colleague at Vistry since joining
in 2020 and on behalf of the Board | would like to thank him for
his commitment and contribution.

1. Adjusted net earnings is calculated as adjusted profit before tax, net of tax calculated at the adjusted effective tax rate. The adjusted
effective tax rate is defined as the reported tax rate, as adjusted for exceptional items, amortisation of acquired intangble assets and

significant prior period adjustments.

al

At the AGM on 18 May 2022, the Board was delighted to
appoint Rowan Baker as a Non-Executive Director, Chair of
the Audit Committee and member of the Nomination and
Remuneration Committees. Rowan is a highly experienced
Chief Financial Officer in construction and development. She is
currently the Group Chief Financial Officer of Laing O'Rourke,
and from 2017 to 2020, was the Chief Financial Officer of
McCarthy Stone.

Following the completion of the combination with Countryside,
Tim Lawlor joined the Group and the Board as Chief Financial
Officer. Tim was the Chief Financial Officer of Countryside. He
has strong financial and commercial expertise. Previously he
served for seven years as CFO of Wincanton Plc, the largest
British third party logistics company and he is a qualified
Chartered Accountant. At the same time Ear! Sibley, previously
the Group's Chief Financial Officer for eight years, became the
Group’s Chief Operating Officer.

We have announced three further Board changes following
year end. Jeff Ubben has been appointed as a Non- Executive
Director with effect from 23 March 2023. Jeff is Managing
Partner and Founder of Inclusive Capital Partners L.P., one of
the Company's largest shareholders. Jeff is a highly experienced
Board member and investor in both the United States and the
UK and his deep expertise and insights, particularly in ESG and
sustainability, will be of enormous value as we continue our
integration with Countryside.

Nigel Keen and Katherine Innes Ker are stepping down from
the Board with effect from 23 March 2023 and the close of
‘our Annual General Meeting on 18 May 2023 respectively. On
behalf of the Board | would like to thank Nigel and Katherine
for the strong contribution they have made to the Company
since 2016 and 2018 respectively. They have provided support
and oversight dedication, wise counsel through 2 period of
significant growth and transformational change of the business
culminating in the recent combination with Countryside. They
also provided guidance during the disruption to the business
as a result of the various lockdowns and ongoing Covid
restrictions. Searches for two new Non-Executive Directors
have been commissioned.

Fernleigh Park, Long Marston, Stratford-upon-Avon.

As a result of the Board changes described above there were
a number of changes to the Board's Committees. In line with
the recommendations of the UK corporate governance code |
stepped down as Chair of the Audit Committee and member
of the Audit and Remuneration Committees when | became
Chair of the Group. At the same time, Ashley Stee! who joined
the Board in June 2021, was appointed as Senior Independent
Director. Ashley was also appointed Chair of the Remuneration
Committee with effect from 23 March 2023.

The future

The integration of Countryside is making excellent progress,
with the operating structure in place since the start of 2023
and the cultural fit exceeding expectations. Management now
expect synergy benefits from the Combination to be c.£60m
pre-tax recurring cost synergies on an annual run-rate basis by
the end of FY24, ahead of our target of £50m.

The Group's strategy is to deliver strong growth in Partnerships
revenues, earnings resilience and a sector leading return

on capital employed (ROCE) in the medium term. Further
information about the Group's strategy is included on pages

18 to 21. We are also focused on realising the procurement
benefits from the Group's enlarged scale and leveraging
expertise and best practice across all business units. Integration
of our timber frame manufacturing operations across both
Vistry Housebuilding and Countryside Partnerships will help
drive the use of modern methods of construction, de-risk the
supply chain and deliver cost and sustainability benefits

Partnerships will continue to target strong growth in its more
resilient revenues, supported by the acute need for affordable
homes across our country. Central to the Partnerships strategy
is a target ROCE of above 40%. Housebuilding remains focused
on controlled volume growth and progressing towards its
target of a 25% gross margin and 25% return on capital
employed

Following an excellent performance in FY22, the Group is in
a strong position for FY23 as reflected in the forward sales
totalling £4.2 billion. We are committed to maximising the
opportunities from our unique market position and have
strong and experienced management team in place across all
areas of the business to deliver on this.

Ralph Findlay OBE ,

Chair L A.

22 March 2023

Vistry Group PLC | Annual Report 2022 | S

vonanposuy

w
o
2
3
3
g

yodas a2ueusan05

squawayeys je!2UueUly

VOReWJOJUI Ja4IO

Chief Executive's review

“2022 was another landmark year for
the Group. Our combination with
Countryside has created one of the
country's leading housebuilders.”

Greg Fitzgerald | Chief Executive Officer

2022 review

2022 was another landmark year for the Group. The combination
with Countryside presented a unique and exciting opportunity for
Vistry and has created one of the country’s leading homebuilders,
comprising a leading partnerships business and a high quality
major housebuilder. It has accelerated the Group's strategy of
rapidly growing its more resilient partnerships revenues and

of targeting a sector leading return on capital employed. The *
transaction completed on 11 November 2022 and the businesses
have come together extremely well. There is a good cultural fit,
and the integration process is making excellent progress. As 2
result, we are confident of delivering synergy benefits of £60m,
ahead of the £50m previously announced target, and with the full
annual run rate achieved by the end of FY24.

‘The Group made excellent progress in 2022 despite the more
challenging market conditions experienced in the fourth quarter.
It continues to deliver high quality homes and outstanding
customer service and we were pleased to have been awarded

a S-star HBF Customer Satisfaction rating for the fourth
consecutive year and to have seen a significant improvement in
our 9-month HBF customer satisfaction score. Our people are
key to the Group's success, and | would like to thank all of our
employees, subcontractors and supply chain for their continued
hard work and dedication.

2022 saw a further significant step up in financial performance,
with Group adjusted revenue in 2022 up 14.1% to £3,073.2m
(2021: £2,693.6m), adjusted profit before tax increasing

by 20.9% to £418.4m (2021: £346.0m) and adjusted basic

earnings per share of 137.Sp (2021: 125.5p), up 9.6% on prior year.

On a reported basis, the Group delivered revenue of £2,729.4m
(2021: £2,407.2m!), profit before tax of £247.Sm (2021: £319.5m)
and earnings per share of 86.Sp (2021: 114.6p). This was after
exceptional expenses of £153.9m (2021: £12.2m) including £97.0m
fire safety provision and £56.9m transaction and integration
related costs.

ELT biographies are available at www.vistrygroup.co.uk/
about-us/leadership/executive-leadership-team.

6l

Executive Leadership Team (ELT)

The Group operates through its Board of Directors with
day-to-day management and operation delegated to the
Chief Executive Officer (CEO) and the ELT. The CEO leads, and

is a member of, the ELT.

Earl Sibley
Chief Operating Officer

Keith Carnegie
Chief Executive — Housebuilding

Michael Stirrop.
Strategic Operations Director

Debbie Hulme

Customer Experience Director

Tim Lawlor
Chief Financial Officer

Stephen Teagle
Chief Executive - Partnerships

Clare Bates

General Counsel and
Group Company Secretary

Mike Woolliscroft

Group Business Improvement
Director and London Divisional Chair

Vistry Partnerships, the Group's partnerships business prior to
the combination with Countryside, had another excellent year

of delivering against its strategy of rapidly growing its more
resilient revenues, improving margin and delivering at least 2
40% return on capital employed. Mixed tenure completions
were up 17.6% to 2,455 units (2021: 2,088), adjusted operating
margin increased to 10.7% (2021: 9.2%), and Partnerships’ return
on capital employed in the period was 77.6% (2021: >100%).
Housebuilding effectively executed its strategy of delivering
controlled volume growth and margin progression from its
existing business structure, with completions increasing by 3.4%
to 6,774 units (2021: 6,551) and adjusted gross margin increasing
to 23.4% (2021: 22.3%).

The contribution of Countryside to the Group's result for FY
2022 was minimal given the timing of the acquisition, with its
performance in line with expectations.

This strong financial performance combined with a stronger
than expected net cash contribution from Countryside and

the Group's on-going focus on good working capital
management, resulted in a year end net cash position of £118.2m
(31 December 2021: £234.5m). This was after a net cash outflow
of £95.2m for the acquisition of Countryside, £35.2m share
buy-back and £138.9m of dividend distribution. As part of its
disciplined approach to capital allocation, the Board is committed
to retaining a healthy and resilient balance sheet

The Board is recommending a final ordinary dividend of 32
(2021: 40) pence per share, bringing the total ordinary dividend
for 2022 to 55 (2021: 60) pence per share. This represents a
total full year dividend payment of £162.3m (2021: £133.1m),
which is covered two times by Group adjusted net earnings?.
As previously announced, the Board is reviewing the enlarged
Group's allocation policy to confirm whether it remains
appropriate in the context of the enlarged Group, and in

doing so will be consulting with shareholders.

Bidford Leys, Bidford-on-Avon, Warwickshire.

Operational update

Trading performance

The Group delivered a strong operational performance in 2022
with good progress made across all business areas. We saw 3
very strong start to the year with high levels of demand resulting
in increased sales rates and higher house prices. This trend
continued throughout the first half and the Group reported an
average weekly private sales rate per outlet in HI 22 of 0.84 (HI
21; 0.76), up 11% on the prior year.

The second half started strong, with our sales performance
across both businesses remaining robust during the typically
quieter summer months. There was a step-change in market
conditions in the fourth quarter with the mini-budget delivered
on 23 September 2022 heightening macro uncertainty and
leading to a significant increase in mortgage costs. Demand

for private sales reduced markedly with the Group achieving

a weekly private sales rate per outlet3 of 0.46 in Q4 2022. For
the year as a whole, the Group achieved a weekly private sales
rate of 0.71 (FY21: 0.76). Despite the drop in demand, our pricing
remained firm in the final quarter of 2022.

In the partnerships market, the wider macro uncertainty and
concern around the Government's social housing rent ceiling
generated hesitancy amongst housing providers during the
fourth quarter. The Government confirmed its position on the
rent ceiling in the 17 November 2022 Autumn Statement, with
the 7% ceiling at the better end of expectations. We saw demand
in our partnerships business pick up accordingly towards the end
of 2022.

Our sites have operated well during the year, and we were
delighted to have achieved our highest number of NHBC Pride

in the Job Quality Awards in 2022, totalling 34 for the enlarged
Group. Our NHBC reportable items remain below industry
benchmark at 0.23 (FY22: 0.22) for the Group. In a year that has
been characterised by heightened labour and material supply
constraints as well as price increases, the Group has been highly
focused on working in close partnership with our supply chain
and sub-contractors to best manage this. With increased output
from the supply chain in the first half, we saw an improvement in
the availability of materials.

1. Revenue and cost of sales for 2021 have been restated in relation to trading with our joint ventures.
2. Adjusted net earnings is calculated as adjusted profit before tax, net of tax calculated at the adjusted effective tax rate. The adjusted
effective tax rate is defined as the reported tax rate, as adjusted for exceptional items, amortisation of acquired intangble assets and

significant prior period adjustments.
3. Excludes any contribution from Countryside.

Vistry Group PLC | Annual Report 2022 | 7

vonanposqul

a
a
&
3
3
g

sodas a2ueusano9

syuawayeys je!2UeUl4

VOReWJOJU! JayIO

Wider industry cost pressures however continued, specifically
rising energy costs and wage inflation, resulting in an increase
in our overall cost base of ¢.9 to 10% in the year.

In Partnerships, where we have a higher element of fixed
revenue, we manage our risk in the pre-procurement phases
through passing elements of cost risk to our subcontractors,
include a sensible level of cost contingency or fixed price
allowances to cover some level of inflation, and for the long
duration contracts, seek to link the pre-sold revenue to a build
cost inflation index.

Partnerships!:2

Vistry Partnerships made excellent progress in the year with
its strategy of rapidly growing higher margin mixed tenure
revenues, with mixed tenure completions up by 17.6% to 2,455
(2021: 2,088) which includes 738 (2021: 904) delivered in joint
ventures (JVs). The average selling price of mixed tenure units
in the year on an adjusted basis was E256k (2021: £237k).
Partnerships operated from an average of 28 (2021: 33) active
mixed tenure sites in 2022 which was lower than forecast
reflecting stronger sales rates on existing sites and some
planning delays.

Vistry Partnerships continued to drive its operating margin
through increasing the proportion of higher margin mixed
tenure revenues, and in 2022 adjusted operating margin
increased to 10.7% (2021: 9.2%)

Housebuilding!2

Housebuilding had an excellent year delivering 6,774 units
(2021: 6,551) in 2022, which includes 1,343 (2021: 1,287) in

JVs. Private units in the year totalled 5,184 (2021: 4,891) with
1,590 (2021: 1,660) affordable units, representing 23.5% (2021:
25.3%) of total completions.

Total Housebuilding average selling price for 2022 increased by
6.2% to £324k (2021: £30Sk) on an adjusted basis, reflecting
changes in mix and house price inflation across the year.
Housebuilding's private average selling price increased to
£376k (2021: £356) and affordable average selling price
increased to £163k (2021: £158k). Adjusted revenue from
Housebuilding activities in the year totalled £1,982.4m (2021
£1,829.3m). Housebuilding operated from an average of 142
(2021: 143) active sites in 2022 and we expect this to increase
to an average of c.150 in FY23 reflecting the transfer of sites to
Housebuilding from Countryside

Housebuilding adjusted gross margin saw a further step-up,
increasing to 23.4% (2021: 22.3%) with the business making
good progress towards delivering its adjusted gross margin

target of 25%

Countryside

In the period post-acquisition Countryside delivered 649

units, which includes 70 from JVs. The Countryside adjusted
operating profit for the period post-acquisition was £0.Sm.

The contribution of Countryside to the Group's FY 2022 result
was minimal, which is in line with expectations given that Q4 is
typically a quieter period for Countryside.

1. Excludes any contribution from Countryside.

Integration of Countryside

The combination with Countryside Partnerships completed on
11 November 2022. The integration, which has moved at pace,
has been collaborative and focused on building on the best
from each business. The Group expects to deliver c.£60m of
pre-tax recurring cost synergies on an annual run-rate basis
by the end of FY24, up from our previous target of £50m. Of
this, c.£25m are expected to be delivered in FY23, ahead of our
original £19m target.

The integration is being managed by the Integration Oversight
Board, a subset of the Executive Leadership Team, and is
supported by a central management office and a number of
integration workstreams with appropriate expertise from Vistry
and Countryside.

The transition to date has been very positive reflecting the
active engagement and common culture of our people, detailed
planning through the various phases of integration, and our
continued focus to deliver a timely integration with minimal
operational disruption.

Key achievements to date include the restructuring of
Partnerships, with the new organisation structure in place
from 1 January 2023 all operating under the Countryside
Partnerships name and the combination of all central functions
under the banner of Vistry Services. We are making good
progress on aligning our corporate governance and the full
alignment of our business policies, processes, and procedures
including the Group's SHE Management System is expected

to be completed by April. We have implemented a number of
key IT changes and are well on our way to unification of our
systems, which is expected to complete in the Autumn of 2023.

Vistry Works

The timber manufacturing operations acquired with
Countryside have been fully rebranded and relaunched as Vistry
Works. The Group sees Vistry Works as a valuable opportunity
to create an industry leading manufacturing capability with the
potential to deliver significant benefit to the broader Group in
the medium term.

The business currently operates from its two factories at
Warrington and Leicester which together have the capacity
to deliver c.2,800 units in FY23. The Group is committed to
re-opening the Vistry Works East Midlands factory and this

is targeted for the second half of 2023. Good progress is
being made with recruitment, electric capacity enhancement
and machine remobilisation, and a review of additional
manufacturing options to utilise surplus floor space is being
undertaken. In the medium term, the business is targeting the
manufacture of c.5,000 units.

Establishing good working relationships between the business

units and Vistry Works is a priority, and a framework has been

put in place to improve coordination between factories and the
relevant business unit to help ensure capacity levels are as fully
utilised as possible going forwards.

House type standardisation is fundamental to the efficiency

2. Completions include 100% of JVs. All other financials are shown on an adjusted basis to include the proportional contribution of the

joint ventures.

of the manufacturing operations, and we are working hard to
ensure all three of our brands’ house types incorporate timber
frame construction with a heavy focus on delivering Future
Homes Standard. The current closed panel solution is being
scaled back with an open panel without plasterboard (hybrid)
solution being the preferred option to allow a more cost
effective product offering to the Group nearer term. We have a
strong emphasis on R&D and will evolve the product over time
as the business gains momentum.

Fire safety

The Group is committed to playing its part in delivering a lasting
industry solution to fire safety and its strong view remains that
the costs of remediation should not be borne by leaseholders.
Both Vistry and Countryside signed the Building Safety Pledge
Letter in April 2022 and on 13 March 2023, Vistry signed

the Department for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities’
Developer Remediation Contract.

We are making progress with the remediation works and of the
304 buildings identified, work has been completed on S9, we
are on site on 30, are engaged in the remediation process on
188, with 27 buildings to yet commence. The dedicated teams
in both Vistry and Countryside have been integrated under
single management following completion of the Countryside
transaction and the cladding and remedial fire safety provisions
have been consolidated and aligned under a consistent method
of estimation.

As at 31 December 2022, the Group fire safety provision was
£309.2m. This includes a provision of £191.8m acquired through
the combination with Countryside, a charge of £97.0m in the
year covering additional requirements under the Pledge and

the Developer Remediation Contract and the adoption of a
consistent approach across the enlarged Group, and net spend
of £4.8m on remediation work in the year. .

Chief Executive's review
continued

In addition, from 1 April 2022, the Group has been paying
the 4% Residential Property Developer Tax (RPDT) as part of

the contribution from the UK's largest residential property
developers towards the Government's cost of dealing with fire
safety and cladding remediation work. RPDT is intended to raise
at least £2bn from the industry over a ten-year period.

Balance sheet

The Group had a net cash position of £118.2m as at 31 December
2022 (31 December 2021: net cash of £234.5m) following a

net cash outflow of £95.2m for the acquisition of Countryside,
£35.2m share buy-back and £138.9m of dividend distribution.
This is ahead of our expectations for the Group post acquisition
and reflects stronger cash generation in the second half at both
Vistry and Countryside.

Inventories have increased by £876.0m year on year, primarily
driven by the Combination which added £792.3m of WIP and
continued investment in land and WIP during the period.

Similarly, land creditors have increased to £667.4m at 31
December 2022 from £414.2m at the beginning of the year.
This is driven primarily by the acquisition of £246.0m in
land creditors on the Combination with Countryside and the
investment in land in the period.

We will continue to ensure the Group has a healthy and resilient
balance sheet and retain the opportunity to selectively invest in
land and development opportunities as they arise.

Sustainability

Our purpose is to deliver sustainable new homes and
communities across all sectors of the UK housing market and
our strategy is split into three priority areas: our people, our
homes and communities, and our operations.

Timber frame home under construction at Beehive Mill, Bolton.

Vistry Group PLC | Annual Report 2022 | 9

vonanposquy

w
3
8

8
3

3
8

odas aauewsano9

syuawayeys jeueuly

vonReWsoyul Ja410

We made significant progress with our sustainability strategy
in 2022 which is covered in detail in our Sustainability Report.
Key highlights include the linking of three key sustainability
metrics to executive remuneration and our sustainability linked
loan, the SBTi (science based targets initiative) verification

of our carbon reduction targets, and the publication of our
Carbon Action Plan focused our direct emissions, which
complements our existing roadmap to net zero carbon homes.

Following the success of our Europa Way development, which
delivered 54 zero-embodied carbon homes for Warwickshire
District Council, we commenced another joint venture with the
Council to deliver 310 zero-carbon homes at our Kenilworth
site. This unique partnership, which broke ground in March
2022 and was the first of its kind to get underway in the

UK, will deliver zero carbon affordable homes at scale with
improved building fabric efficiencies and air source heat pumps.

For the year ahead, and following our combination with
Countryside, we are undertaking a review of our sustainability
strategy to ensure that it continues to be relevant to the
business and stakeholders of our enlarged Group and we

will incorporate a number of Countryside’s best practice
sustainability processes into our existing procedures. In 2023,
we will conduct a full review of our materiality assessment,
update our sustainability strategy as required and set new
targets.

Quality and customer service

Delivering high quality new homes and excellent customer
satisfaction remain our key priorities and we consider our
customers in all of our decision making

We were pleased to have been awarded the maximum S-star
HBF customer satisfaction rating in the most recent annual
review for the fourth consecutive year, with our score for

Q3 2022 at 92.6% (Q3 2021: 92.2%), in the most recently
published HBF 12-month rolling customer satisfaction data.
We have focused on improving our score for the HBF customer
satisfaction survey which is sent out nine months after
completion and are pleased to have seen our score on this
ended at over 79% in the last closed survey year.

The Group welcomes the introduction of the New Homes
Ombudsman and fully supports the New Homes Quality Code
It has completed registration and is working on activation
following the need for alignment following the acquisition of
Countryside.

During the year we expanded our customer relationship
management (CRM) capabilities across our Partnerships
business, enriching the customer experience and supporting
‘our teams to work more effectively across the customer
journey. Rolling out our CRM capabilities across the
Countryside business is a key part of our integration
programme.

wl

We continue developing our digital capabilities and our
immersive portal has played a key role in strengthening our
customer experience, giving them more choice about how,
when and where they do business with us. Over 77% of our
customers are now choosing to use our portal to make their
reservation within six clicks. Customers are also increasingly
using the virtual personal experience, which includes the
opportunity to virtually visit our developments, look around
the homes and personalise them, including changing worktops,
cupboards, and flooring.

People

Our people make Vistry and are critical to the on-going
success of the Group. As was expected with the integration of
Countryside, we saw a decline in our latest Peakon employee
engagement survey carried out during March 2023, with

the score at 7.8 (August 2022: 8.6), in-line with the Peakon
benchmark. We are very focused on maintaining an open
and informative dialogue with all our employees during this
integration period and the Executive Leadership team and
other senior management have hosted drop-in Q&A sessions
and delivered ad hoc video updates to keep people informed.
We were pleased to have recently achieved certification as

a ‘Top Employer’ with the Top Employers Institute which
recognises our people strategy and workplace environment.

The safety of our people, and those who work with us. is also
a top priority, Health and safety is one of the first topics to

be covered in executive meetings, with clear linkage to our
values and ethos. Our year on year reduction in both accident
incident rate and service strike incident rate demonstrates our
commitment to continual improvement driven by a positive
safety behaviour culture.

Recognising the cost of living crisis and the heightened levels
of inflation over the past 12 months, we were pleased to award
a minimum 4% pay rise for all employees at the start of 2023
In addition, in April 2022 we put in place a temporary cost

of living allowance of up to 3.75%, ensuring that the lowest
paid employees received the most support. These allowances
became a permanent part of all annual salaries under £60,000
from January 2023.

Land

The Group has a high quality, deliverable land bank reflecting a
successful year in the land market.

Vistry Partnerships continued to invest in its owned land
bank to support the growth of mixed tenure completions

and in the year secured 3,213 (2021: 4,131) plots on 19

(2021: 23) sites for mixed tenure development, significantly
ahead of replacement level. Following our combination with
Countryside, the enlarged Partnerships business had an owned
and controlled land bank of 44,258 (2021: 11,756) plots as at

31 December 2022