2025  Annual Report
Contents
ABOUT US CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
i
1
2
3
4
5
6
8
123
143
146
169
189
Five-Year Summary
Who We Are
Corporate Mission
Opportunities of Our Times
Corporate Strategy
Corporate Honors
Business Highlights
Chairman’s Statement
Corporate Governance Report
Changes in the Share Capital and
 Shareholders ’ Proﬁle
Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management 
 and Employees
Report of the Board of Directors and
 Signiﬁcant Events
Report of the Supervisory Committee
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
192
200
201
202
204
206
207
Independent Auditor’s Report
Consolidated Income Statement
Consolidated Statement of 
 Comprehensive Income
Consolidated Statement of 
 Financial Position
Consolidated Statement of Changes 
 in Equity
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
Notes to the Consolidated Financial 
 Statements
OTHER INFORMATION
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
12
22
34
36
71
83
89
110
119
Integrated Finance
Health and Senior Care
Technology Enablement
Performance Overview
Analysis of Embedded Value
Liquidity and Capital Resources
Risk Management
Sustainability
Prospects of Future Development
372
373
376
Ping An Milestones
Glossary
Corporate Information
Cautionary Statements Regarding Forward-Looking Statements
To the extent any statements made in this Report contain information that is not historical, these statements are essentially 
forward-looking. These forward-looking statements include but are not limited to projections, targets, estimates and business plans 
that the Company expects or anticipates may or may not occur in the future. Words such as “potential ” , “estimates ” , “expects ” , 
“anticipates ” , “objective ” , “intends ” , “plans” , “believes ” , “will” , “may” , “should ” , variations of these words and similar expressions 
are intended to identify forward-looking statements.
These forward-looking statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that may be general or specific. 
Readers should be cautioned that a variety of factors, many of which are beyond the Company ’ s control, affect the performance, 
operations and results of the Company, and could cause actual results to differ materially from the expectations expressed in 
any of the Company ’ s forward-looking statements. These factors include, but are not limited to, exchange rate fluctuations, 
market shares, competition, environmental risks, changes in legal, financial and regulatory frameworks, international economic 
and financial market conditions and other risks and factors beyond our control. The forward-looking statements herein do not 
constitute a material commitment by the Company to investors, and investors and related persons should maintain an adequate 
understanding of the risks and should understand the differences between commitments and forward-looking statements such 
as plans and forecasts. These and other factors should be considered carefully; readers should not place undue reliance on the 
Company ’ s forward-looking statements, and should pay attention to investment risks. In addition, the Company undertakes 
no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statement that is contained in this Report as a result of new 
information, future events or otherwise. Neither the Company nor any of its employees or affiliates is responsible for, or is making, 
any representations concerning the future performance of the Company.
Professional, Ping An in Your Heart
Each gentle tap our AI reads
We immediately know your needs
From instant claim settlement
And medical accompaniment
To in-home one-click rescue
Professional services for you
At the touch of a small screen
At your fingertips Ping An is seen
When you travel far from home
When you miss parents living alone
When you are having a tough day
Anything, anytime, and anyplace
Across time zones, seas and sky
Our rescue force is on standby
To protect your peace and safety
At every moment Ping An is ready
From planning ahead in your prime
To enjoying peaceful silver-hair time
And maintaining dignity in later life
Health and senior care we provide
Online, in-hospital, in-home, in-company
Our promise along your life journey
Your lifelong partner, we serve as
Your lifelong trust, Ping An deserves
Pursuing our original aspiration with expertise
Creating value through heartwarming services
Toward our destination, we are heading fast
Reliable and professional, Ping An in your heart
Five-Year Summary
i
(in RMB million)
2025/
December 
31, 2025
2024/
December 
31, 2024
2023/
December 
31, 2023
2022/
December 
31, 2022
2021/
December 
31, 2021
      
INTEGRATED FINANCE
Number of retail customers (in million) 250. 97 242. 47 231. 57 226. 64 221. 91
Number of contracts per customer 
 (contract) 2.94 2.92 2.95 2.97 2.91
THE GROUP
Operating profit after tax attributable to 
 shareholders of the parent company 134, 415 121, 862 111, 728 146, 895 147, 961
Net profit attributable to shareholders 
 of the parent company 134, 778 126, 607 85,665 111, 008 101, 618
Total assets 13,898, 471 12,957, 827 11,583, 417 11,009, 940 10,142, 026
Total liabilities 12,482, 483 11,653, 115 10,354, 453 9,823, 944 9,064, 303
Equity attributable to shareholders 
 of the parent company 1,000, 419 928, 600 899, 011 869, 191 812, 405
Group comprehensive solvency 
 margin ratio (%) 193. 3 204. 1 208. 0 217. 6 233. 5
Operating ROE (%) 12.7 12.7 12.5 17.9 18.9
Dividend per share (in RMB) 2.70 2.55 2.43 2.42 2.38
Basic operating earnings per share 
 (in RMB) 7.66 6.89 6.31 8.42 8.40
LIFE AND HEALTH INSURANCE 
 BUSINESS
Operating ROE (%) 21.3 25.7 30.2 37.3 32.3
Operating profit 103, 265 96,022 99,775 109, 810 97,075
New business value ( “NBV”) 36,897 28,534 31,080 28,820 37,898
Contractual service margin ( “CSM”) 725, 119 731, 312 768, 440 818, 683 N/A
Comprehensive solvency margin 
 ratio of Ping An Life (%) 175. 7 189. 2 194. 7 219. 7 230. 4
PROPERTY AND CASUALTY 
 INSURANCE BUSINESS
Net profit 14,597 15,021 8,958 10,112 16,192
Combined ratio ( “COR”) (%) 96.8 98.3 100. 7 99.6 98.0
Auto insurance COR (%) 95.8 98.1 97.7 96.6 98.9
Comprehensive solvency margin ratio (%) 217. 1 205. 3 207. 8 220. 0 278. 4
BANKING BUSINESS
Net profit 42,633 44,508 46,455 45,516 36,336
Net interest margin (%) 1.78 1.87 2.38 2.75 2.79
Cost-to-income ratio (%) 29.06 27.66 27.90 27.45 28.30
Non-performing loan ratio (%) 1.05 1.06 1.06 1.05 1.02
Provision coverage ratio (%) 220. 88 250. 71 277. 63 290. 28 288. 42
Core tier 1  capital adequacy 
 ratio ( “CAR”) (%) 9.36 9.12 9.22 8.64 8.60
ASSET MANAGEMENT BUSINESS
Net profit (3,000) (11,114) (19,522) 3,803 13,952
FINANCE ENABLEMENT BUSINESS
Operating profit 132 349 2,980 6,697 9,448
WHO WE ARE
1
Annual Report 2025 Ping An Insurance (Group) Company of China, Ltd. 
ABOUT US
As a world-leading “integrated finance + health and senior care ” services group, Ping An has provided 
professional financial, health and senior care, and health management services to 251 million retail 
customers in the past nearly 40 years. We are dually listed on the main board of the Stock Exchange of 
Hong Kong (2318.HK) and the Shanghai Stock Exchange (601318.SH).
A world-leading “integrated finance + health and 
senior care” services group
The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong
Shanghai Stock Exchange
2318.HK
601318.SH
2
Annual Report 2025 Ping An Insurance (Group) Company of China, Ltd.
Corporate Mission
WHY WE HERE
We are committed to becoming a world-leading 
integrated finance, health and senior care services 
group, creating value for customers, employees, 
shareholders and society.
Over the years, we have provided “worry-free, time-saving, and money-saving ” one-stop services via 
professional financial advisers, health advisers, and senior care concierges under the service philosophy and 
business purpose of “Expertise makes life easier. ”
Leveraging Ping An’s leading 
service capabilities, comprehensive 
product portfolio, professional 
risk management and significant 
technological strength, we 
provide “worry-free, time-saving, 
and money-saving” one-stop 
professional services covering auto, 
home and insurance purchases, 
investments, savings, and credit 
cards.
Professional 
Financial Advisers
Leveraging Ping An ’s professional 
health care system and global 
service network underpinned 
by “PKU Healthcare Group and 
Ping An Health, ” together with 
Ping An ’s five medical centers, 
we provide “online, in-hospital, 
in-home and in-company ” health 
care services for corporate and 
retail customers.
Professional 
Health Advisers
With nearly four decades of 
experience in insurance, health 
management, and health and senior 
care industries, we integrate and 
offer exclusive “3-in-1” concierge, 
doctor, and nursing services under 
a “people-centered and service-
oriented” philosophy. We strive to 
provide professional, heartwarming, 
comfortable, high-quality health 
and senior care services with 
commitment, diligence, and 
perseverance.
Professional Senior 
Care Concierges
3
Annual Report 2025 Ping An Insurance (Group) Company of China, Ltd. 
ABOUT US
Opportunities of Our Times
WHY WE HERE
With the successful conclusion of the 14th Five-Year Plan, China ’s economy is gradually entering a stage of 
medium-to-high-speed development. During the 15th Five-Year Plan period, the development potential of 
many industries will be further unleashed, providing new room for growth. A diversified financial services 
system and high-quality health and senior care services will be crucial to breakthroughs in the financial 
industry.
China ’s life insurance sector will be a key driver of high-quality economic development because it is 
uniquely positioned to serve national strategies and support people ’s livelihoods. Now in its golden age, 
the life insurance sector is expected to be a “new bellwether ” of the global insurance industry.
Notes: (1 ) The expected proportion of China ’s middle class by 2030 is from Credit Suisse Research 
Institute.
 ( 2) The expected size of China’s health care industry by 2030 is from the Outline of the Healthy 
China 2030 Plan.
 ( 3) The expected size of China ’s silver economy by 2035 is from the Blue Book of Silver 
Economy: Annual Report on the Development of Silver Economy in China (2024).
The rise of the middle class and the diversification of their assets are 
fueling strong demand for integrated financial services
China’s increasingly expanding middle class is expected to account for one-
third of the world ’s middle class by 2030. This group has not only relatively 
high incomes, but also diversified assets including multiple accounts, 
insurance policies, bank cards, and vehicles. Wealth accumulation drives 
middle-class families ’ growing demand for professional, personalized and 
integrated financial services. Therefore, the integrated financial service 
model is embracing broader market opportunities.
1/3
China’s middle class as 
a proportion of global 
middle class by 2030
Growing health care demand and uneven resource distribution are 
driving the urgent need for efficient health care services
China’s per capita health expenditure is expected to grow consistently as 
it is far lower than developed countries ’. The size of China ’s health care 
industry will reach RMB16 trillion by 2030. The Chinese government has 
adopted multiple policies to promote high-quality development of the 
health care industry. However, “the difficulty in seeing a doctor and the 
high cost of getting a treatment ” remain prominent, reflecting uneven 
resource distribution and low efficiency of the industry. Residents ’ demand 
for comprehensive, professional and efficient one-stop health care services 
is increasingly urgent.
RMB16 trn
Expected size of China ’s 
health care industry by 
2030
Accelerating population aging and the evolving senior care pattern are 
driving long-term demand for high-quality senior care services
As China enters a “longevity era, ” the demand for high-quality 
health and senior care grows consistently. China ’s silver economy 
is expected to reach RMB30 trillion by 2035. The senior care industry 
faces supply shortages of high-quality one-stop health and senior care 
services under China ’s “9073 ” senior care pattern (90% of the elderly 
are cared for at home, 7 % depend on community care, and 3 % reside 
in institutions). Under a national strategy of actively responding to 
population aging, it is urgent to further reform and develop senior 
care services.
RMB30 trn
Expected size of China’s 
silver economy by 2035
Annual Report 2025 Ping An Insurance (Group) Company of China, Ltd.
4
The financial industry is profoundly transitioning  from “pure financial service ” to “finance + service” driven by 
increasingly fierce competition and evolving customer needs. As an important part of the financial industry, 
the insurance sector has taken the lead in the transition, and upgraded mainstream products from traditional 
“financial protection” into integrated solutions of “insurance and financial protection + health and senior care 
services.”
Against this backdrop, we consistently advance our “integrated finance + health and senior care ” strategy 
and sharpen our core competitive edge via “service differentiation, ” providing customers with all-around 
professional financial advisory, health advisory and senior care concierge services.
Annual Report 2025 Ping An Insurance (Group) Company of China, Ltd.
A world-leading
integrated finance,
health and senior care
services group
Integrated finance
One customer
Multiple accounts
Multiple products
One-stop services
Act for payers 
Integrate providers 
Provide the most cost-
effective health and 
senior care services
Enhance services, improve efficiency, cut costs, and prevent risks
Technology Enablement
Health and senior care
Corporate Strategy
WHAT WE DO
Corporate Honors
5
Annual Report 2025 Ping An Insurance (Group) Company of China, Ltd. 
ABOUT US
In 2025, Ping An maintained its leading brand value, received 
wide recognition and praise, and won various honors and 
awards from domestic and foreign rating agencies and 
media in respect of comprehensive strength, corporate 
governance, corporate social responsibility, and so on.
Fortune
No. 47 on the Fortune  Global 500 list
No. 9 among financial companies 
worldwide
Forbes
No. 27 on the Forbes  Global 2000 list
MSCI ESG Rating
MSCI ESG Rating rose to AAA
No. 1 in the multi-line insurance and 
brokerage industry in Asia-Pacific for 4  
consecutive years
Kantar BrandZ
No. 9 on the BrandZ Top 100 Most 
Valuable Chinese Brands list  
No. 1 among Chinese insurance  
brands for 11 consecutive years
Brand Finance
No. 32 on the Brand Finance Global 500 
2026 list 
No. 1 among Chinese insurance  
brands for 10 consecutive years
Top 100 Pioneers among China’s ESG Listed 
Companies list
On China Central Television’s 2025 Top 
100 Pioneers among China’s ESG Listed 
Companies list for 3 consecutive years
China Association for Public Companies
2025 Best Practice of the Board of 
Directors of Listed Companies
Best Practice of the 2024 Earnings 
Conference Call of Listed Companies
Hang Seng Indexes Rating
2025 Hang Seng Indexes Company ESG 
Rating: A
Wind ESG Rating
AAA (the highest) as the only company 
among A-share and Hong Kong-listed 
peers
Business Highlights
6
Annual Report 2025 Ping An Insurance (Group) Company of China, Ltd.
Operating profit after tax (“OPAT”) attributable to shareholders of the parent company was 
RMB134,415 million, up 10.3% YoY.
Net profit attributable to shareholders of the parent company excl. non-recurring gains and losses was 
RMB143,773 million, up 22.5% YoY.
Revenue amounted to RMB1,140,324 million, basically stable.
Equity attributable to shareholders of the parent company rose above RMB1 trillion for the first time to 
RMB1,000,419 million, up 7.7% YTD.
Note: Revenue grew 2 .1% YoY to RMB1 ,050,506 million in 2025 under the Accounting Standards for Business Enterprises and other 
applicable regulations issued by the Ministry of Finance.
RMB134,415 mn
OPAT attributable to 
shareholders of the 
parent company
1. High-value overall business growth
Proposed final dividend for 2025 is RMB1.75 per share in cash.
Full-year cash dividend will be RMB2.70 per share, up 5.9% YoY.
Total cash dividends paid will be RMB48,891 million. Cash dividend payout ratio based on OPAT 
attributable to shareholders of the parent company will be 36.4%.
Note: The above profit distribution proposal will be implemented after approval at the Company’s 2025 Annual General Meeting.
2. Rising cash dividends for 14 consecutive years
5.9%
YoY full-year DPS 
growth
3. L&H’s growth driven by multi-channel high-quality development
Life and health insurance (“Life & Health” or “L&H”) business’s new business value (“NBV”) increased 
29.3% YoY to RMB36,897 million, and NBV margin based on annualized new premium (“ANP”) rose  
5.8 pps YoY to 28.5%.
Agency channel NBV grew 10.4% YoY, driven by a 17.2% YoY increase in NBV per agent.
Bancassurance channel NBV climbed 138.0% YoY.
Bancassurance, community finance and other channels’ share in Ping An Life’s NBV rose 12.1 pps YoY.
29.3%
YoY Life & Health NBV 
growth
4. Ping An P&C’s sustained business growth and steadily improving quality
Premium income was RMB343,168 million, up 6.6% YoY. 
Insurance revenue was RMB338,912 million, up 3.3% YoY.
Overall COR improved by 1.5 pps YoY to 96.8%, indicating sustained strong profitability.
Auto insurance COR improved by 2.3 pps YoY to 95.8%, consistently better than the market average.
Net cash inflows from operating activities increased 48.3% YoY, with liquidity significantly improved.
Driven by premium cash flows, investment scale excl. financial assets sold under agreements to 
repurchase grew 12.1% YTD.
96.8%
Ping An P&C’s COR
5. Excellent insurance funds investment results
Insurance funds investment portfolio grew 13.2% YTD to RMB6.49 trillion. Comprehensive investment 
yield was 6.3%, up 0.5 pps YoY.
The portfolio achieved a 4.8% average net investment yield and a 4.9% average comprehensive 
investment yield over the past decade, both higher than the EV long-run investment return assumption.
6.3%
Comprehensive 
investment yield
7
Annual Report 2025 Ping An Insurance (Group) Company of China, Ltd. 
ABOUT US
Net profit was RMB42,633 million.
Non-performing loan ratio was 1.05%.
Provision coverage ratio was 220.88%.
Core tier 1 CAR rose 0.24 pps YTD to 9.36%.
6. Ping An Bank’s steady business results and asset quality, with a rising core tier 1 CAR
RMB42,633 mn
Ping An Bank’s net 
proﬁt
8. Health & senior care strategy enables core businesses via differentiation
Ping An has partnered with 100% of China’s top 100 hospitals and 3A hospitals. “AI + human doctor” 
services cover 100% of the Group’s retail customers. 
QR code payment service covers 77K pharmacies nationwide.
Over 240K customers are entitled to home-based senior care services. Ping An’s Zhen Living premium 
health and senior care communities have been unveiled in 5 cities. Among them, Zhen City • Shanghai 
has opened for business, and Zhen City • Futian in Shenzhen has started a soft opening.
100%
Retail customers 
covered by “AI + human 
doctor” services
9. Corporate social responsibility, green development and rural vitalization
Cumulative investment to bolster the real economy exceeded RMB10.88 trillion.
Green investment of insurance funds amounted to RMB530,087 million.
Green loan balance was RMB266,433 million.
Green insurance premium income was RMB76,474 million.
Funding for rural industrial vitalization totaled RMB57,148 million.
MSCI ESG Rating rose to AAA, No.1 in the multi-line insurance and brokerage industry in Asia-Pacific 
for 4 consecutive years.
Ping An was included in S&P Global’s Sustainability Yearbook (China Edition) 2025 as the only Chinese 
mainland insurer included.
RMB10.88 trn+
Cumulative investment 
to bolster the real 
economy
10. Consistently rising brand value
Ping An rose to No.47 on the Fortune Global 500 list (No.9 among financial companies worldwide).
No.13 on the Fortune China 500 list.
No.27 on the Forbes Global 2000 list (No.1 among Chinese insurers).
No.32 on the Brand Finance Global 500 2026 list (No.1 among Chinese insurance brands for 10 
consecutive years).
No.1
Chinese insurance brand 
on Brand Finance list for 
10 years
Notes: (1 ) The above is based on the Company ’s 
business results for 2025.
 ( 2) Figures may not match the calculation 
due to rounding.
7. Integrated finance enables core competitive moat and improves customer development
Retail customers increased 3.5% YTD to 251 million.
Industry-leading average monthly online active customers: about 90 million.
Retention rate reached 99% among customers holding 3 or more categories of products.
99%
Retention rate of 
customers holding ≥3 
categories of products
Chairman ’s Statement
Professional, Ping An in Your Heart
8
Annual Report 2025 Ping An Insurance (Group) Company of China, Ltd.
Where professional expertise leads, the heart 
follows, and Ping An ( “peace and safety ” 
in Chinese) resides. I would like to extend 
my sincerest gratitude to all our customers, 
shareholders, employees, and members of society 
who support Ping An. Thanks to your long-standing 
trust and support, Ping An has remained steadfast 
in its course amid the tides of change, consistently 
advancing its technology-enabled “integrated 
finance + health and senior care ” dual-pronged 
strategy, and ensuring your “peace and safety ” 
at all times with “worry-free, time-saving, and 
money-saving ” services.
In the fall of 2025, my colleagues and I visited an 
ancient tea garden in Fenghuang Town, Chaozhou 
to review an ancient tree protection initiative under 
Ping An ’s “Hundred, Thousand, and Ten Thousand 
Project. ” We were amazed to see a 600-year-old 
Dancong tea tree was still sprouting new buds. The 
development of an enterprise is akin to the growth 
of a tree. Only with deep roots can it stand firm.  
The “roots” of Ping An lie in being people-centered, 
focusing on customer and society needs, keeping 
pace with the times, consistently pursuing 
innovation, and creating lasting value to nurture 
enduring vitality.
Today, as China ’s economy enters a phase 
of medium-to-high-speed growth, significant 
opportunities are emerging in sectors including 
financial services, insurance, health and senior care. 
However, new challenges are also emerging: the 
glaring mismatch between growing consumer 
demand for “worry-free, time-saving, and 
money-saving ” services and the reality of 
“complex, time-consuming, and over-spending ” 
experience. For instance, chronic patients lack 
disease management guidance due to insufficient 
science-based, systematic health management; 
services for an aging society are undersupplied, 
leaving the elderly unaccompanied and helpless in 
seeking medical services.
We keep asking ourselves: In an age of changes 
and challenges, what does “peace and safety ” 
mean to you? It means steady asset growth, 
reliable health protection, worry-free senior care, 
and a profound sense of safety, stability and trust 
at every important moment of life. Behind such 
peace and safety lies our ultimate professional 
expertise: through “finance + service ” offerings, 
we deliver professional and comprehensive plans, 
precise analysis and judgment, and meticulous 
implementation to meet people ’s fundamental 
aspirations for a better life.
In 2025, Traffic Lights stood guard as schoolchildren 
stepped onto zebra crossings that Ping An helped 
renovate and paint at 1 ,789 busy road sections from 
Shanbian Village, Chaozhou to Acheng District, 
Harbin. This is Ping An as a public welfare booster.  
In the lobby of Shenzhen Beiyi Rehabilitation 
Hospital, Ping An ’s therapist is helping a stroke 
patient use an exoskeleton robot for gait training. 
This is Ping An as a health care supporter. In the 
domed hall of Zhen City • Shanghai on Changshu 
Road in downtown Shanghai, silver-haired seniors 
sat rapt, enjoying an indoor symphony concert. 
This is Ping An as a senior care provider. On the 
front lines of the conflict between Israel and Iran, 
Ping An was commissioned to complete vehicle 
coordination, route planning in combat zones, 
and border clearance procedures within six hours. 
Ping An helped 14 enterprises safely evacuate 74  
stranded Chinese citizens from danger zones within 
10 days. This is Ping An as an emergency rescue 
Ping An ’s “Traffic Lights ” road safety public welfare program 
donated 10,052 road safety facilities and renovated 1 ,789 road 
sections in 2025.
9
Annual Report 2025 Ping An Insurance (Group) Company of China, Ltd. 
ABOUT US
expert. Before the Spring Festival travel rush, when 
an insured enterprise encountered operational 
difficulties and delayed wage payments to migrant 
workers, Ping An immediately sent a task force 
to the enterprise and paid out RMB4 .2 million of 
“Construction Project Wage Payment Guarantee 
Insurance ” claims to the workers within two business 
days. This is Ping An as a protector of people ’s 
livelihoods.
Professional, this is Ping An in your heart.  
Via strategic focus, model innovation, platform 
management, and technology enablement, we 
constantly improve our service network, fulfilling our 
commitment that “expertise ensures every family ’s 
peace and safety. ”
2025 marks the conclusion of China ’s 14th Five-Year 
Plan. Despite a complex, volatile macroeconomic 
environment in 2025, the strong resilience of 
China’s economy and the fundamental momentum 
of structural upgrade provided solid foundations 
for Ping An to overcome challenges and grow 
steadily. Ping An consistently advanced its 
“integrated finance + health and senior care ” 
strategy, sharpened its core competitive edge via 
“service differentiation, ” and ensured high growth, 
resilience and sustainability. Operating profit 
after tax attributable to shareholders of the parent 
company was RMB134, 415 million, up 10. 3% year on 
year. Net profit attributable to shareholders of the 
parent company excluding non-recurring gains and 
losses was RMB143, 773 million, up 22. 5% year on year. 
Equity attributable to shareholders of the parent 
company rose above RMB1  trillion for the first time 
to RMB1 ,000, 419 million. Attaching great importance 
to shareholder returns, Ping An plans to pay a 
final dividend of RMB1 .75 per share in cash for 2025. 
Total cash dividends paid for 2025 will be RMB48, 891 
million, having risen for 14 consecutive years. Life 
& Health sustained business growth, increasing 
NBV by 29. 3% year on year. Ping An delivered 
excellent results in insurance funds investment.  
Comprehensive investment yield was 6 .3%, up 0 .5 
pps year on year.
Ping An further advanced customer development 
via integrated finance. The Group ’s retail customers 
increased 3.5% from the beginning of 2025 to 251  
million. Average monthly online active customers 
reached about 90 million. The retention rate reached 
99% among customers holding three or more 
categories of products within the Group. Ping An 
accelerated the implementation of its health and 
senior care strategy. AI Doctor was used by nearly 
12 million persons per year. Over 240, 000 customers 
are entitled to home-based senior care services. By 
leveraging vast amounts of data, Ping An conducts 
technology research, development and application 
to build vertical large artificial intelligence ( “AI”) 
models for domains including finance, health 
care and senior care. To fulfil corporate social 
responsibilities, Ping An cumulatively invested 
over RMB10. 88 trillion to bolster the real economy. 
Moreover, Ping An provided RMB57, 148 million in 
funding for rural industrial vitalization in 2025. Our 
MSCI ESG Rating rose to AAA, No.1  in the multi-line 
insurance and brokerage industry in the Asia-Pacific 
region for the fourth consecutive year.
Each inch of progress in service depth e

---

and the consolidated income 
statement, the consolidated statement of comprehensive income, the consolidated statement of changes in 
equity and the consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended, and notes to the consolidated 
financial statements, including material accounting policy information.
In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial 
position of the Group as at 31 December 2025, and of its consolidated financial performance and its 
consolidated cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards as issued 
by the International Accounting Standards Board ( “IASB”) and have been properly prepared in compliance 
with the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.
BASIS FOR OPINION
We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing ( “HKSAs ”) as issued by the 
Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants ( “HKICPA ”). Our responsibilities under those standards 
are further described in the Auditor ’s responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated financial statements  
section of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with the HKICPA ’s Code of Ethics 
for Professional Accountants  (the “Code”), as applicable to audits of financial statements of public interest 
entities. We have also fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code. We believe 
that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.
Annual Report 2025 Ping An Insurance (Group) Company of China, Ltd.
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
193
KEY AUDIT MATTERS
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in 
our audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed 
in the context of our audit of the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our 
opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters. For each matter below, our 
description of how our audit addressed the matter is provided in that context.
We have fulfilled the responsibilities described in the Auditor ’s responsibilities for the audit of the 
consolidated financial statements  section of our report, including in relation to these matters. Accordingly, 
our audit included the performance of procedures designed to respond to our assessment of the risks 
of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements. The results of our audit procedures, 
including the procedures performed to address the matters below, provide the basis for our audit opinion 
on the accompanying consolidated financial statements.
Key audit matter How our audit addressed the key audit matter
Valuation of insurance contract liabilities
As at 31 December 2025, the Group ’s insurance 
contract liabilities amounted to RMB5 ,360, 910 
million, representing 43% of total liabilities. We 
identified the valuation of insurance contract 
liabilities as a key audit matter, as it requires 
significant estimates and judgements.
The valuation of insurance contract liabilities 
involves significant judgement and estimates over 
the eligibility for the measurement approach, the 
determination of coverage unit and the uncertain 
future cash flows.
With the support of our internal experts, we 
performed the following audit procedures:
– Reviewed the Group ’s accounting policies in 
relation to the valuation of insurance contract 
liabilities.
– Evaluated and tested the design and operating 
effectiveness of key controls over the valuation 
of insurance contract liabilities.
– Evaluated and tested the design and operating 
effectiveness of the related IT systems and 
controls over the valuation of insurance contract 
liabilities, including IT general controls, data 
transmission and computational logic of the 
related systems.
Independent Auditor ’s Report
Annual Report 2025 Ping An Insurance (Group) Company of China, Ltd.
194
Key audit matter How our audit addressed the key audit matter
Valuation of insurance contract liabilities (continued)
Complex actuarial models and actuarial 
assumptions with highly judgemental nature 
are used to support the valuation of insurance 
contract liabilities. Key assumptions include 
mortality, morbidity, lapse rates, discount rates, 
expenses, claim ratios, policy dividends and risk 
adjustment for non-financial risk, etc.
Relevant disclosures are included in Note 2 .(27), 
Note 3.(4), Note 3 .(5), Note 3 .(6), Note 3 .(7), Note 
43 and Note 49.(1 ) to the consolidated financial 
statements.
– Evaluated the reasonableness of key judgements 
and assumptions.
– Assessed the appropriateness of the valuation 
approaches of insurance contract liabilities. 
Performed independent recalculation on 
insurance contract liabilities of selected typical 
insurance products or groups of insurance 
contracts.
– Tested the completeness and accuracy of 
the underlying data used in the valuation of 
insurance contract liabilities.
– Evaluated the overall reasonableness of the 
insurance contract liabilities by performing 
movement analysis and assessing the impact of 
changes in assumptions.
KEY AUDIT MATTERS (CONTINUED)
Annual Report 2025 Ping An Insurance (Group) Company of China, Ltd.
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
195
Key audit matter How our audit addressed the key audit matter
Impairment assessment of loans and advances to 
customers, financial assets at amortized cost and 
debt financial assets at fair value through other 
comprehensive income
As at 31 December 2025, the Group ’s loans 
and advances to customers, financial assets 
at amortized cost and debt financial assets at 
fair value through other comprehensive income 
represented 25%, 9% and 23% of total assets and 
the amounts of expected credit loss provision for 
loans and advances to customers, financial assets 
at amortized cost and debt financial assets at fair 
value through other comprehensive income were 
RMB89, 988 million, RMB63, 041 million and RMB12, 506 
million respectively.
We identified the impairment assessm

---

951 143. 6
    
Net cash inflows from operating activities increased year on year mainly due to an increase in net cash 
inflows from Ping An Bank ’s borrowings from the central bank.
Net cash outflows from investing activities increased year on year mainly due to a year-on-year increase in 
cash outflows from Ping An Life ’s investing activities.
Net cash inflows from financing activities increased year on year mainly due to a year-on-year increase in 
cash inflows from Ping An Life ’s repo business.
CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
(in RMB million)
December 31, 
2025
December 31, 
2024 Change (%)
    
Cash 446, 717 381, 829 17.0
Bonds of original maturities within 3  months 25,896 8,660 199. 0
Financial assets purchased under reverse repurchase 
agreements of original maturities within 3  months 177, 611 88,556 100. 6
    
Total 650, 224 479, 045 35.7
    
The Company believes that the liquid assets currently held, together with net cash generated from future 
operations and the short-term borrowings available, will be sufficient to meet the foreseeable liquidity 
requirements of the Group.
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
Risk Management
89
Annual Report 2025 Ping An Insurance (Group) Company of China, Ltd. 
Ping An strives to be a world-leading “integrated finance, health and senior 
care” services group. To achieve this goal, the Group constantly optimizes the 
risk management system and strengthens the risk management platform. By 
identifying, evaluating, and mitigating risks, Ping An strikes a balance between 
risks and returns, which ultimately contributes to healthy business growth.
RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES
For over 30 years since its establishment, Ping An has regarded risk management as an integral part of its 
operations and business activities. Ping An takes steady steps to build a comprehensive risk management 
system aligned with its strategies and the nature of its business. Ping An constantly optimizes the risk 
management organizational structure, standardizes risk management procedures, and adopts qualitative 
and quantitative risk management methodologies to identify, measure, evaluate, monitor, report, control 
and mitigate risks. Keeping risks under control, Ping An promotes sustainable, healthy business growth in 
order to be a world-leading “integrated finance, health and senior care ” services group.
The Group constantly improves its compliance and internal control management mechanisms in response 
to changing domestic and global economic conditions, evolving laws, regulations and regulatory policies, 
and diversifying businesses of the Group. The Group builds a rational, robust comprehensive risk 
management system in line with international standards centering on capital management, based on risk 
governance, oriented by risk appetites, and capitalizing on risk quantification tools and risk performance 
appraisals. The Group strikes a balance between risk management and business development by constantly 
enhancing its risk management and techniques as well as dynamically managing its single and cumulative 
risks to support sustainable, healthy business development.
RISK MANAGEMENT ORGANIZATIONAL STRUCTURE
The Group proactively complies with risk governance requirements under the Company Law of the People ’s 
Republic of China  and other applicable laws and regulations as well as the Articles of Association  and other 
applicable company policies and procedures. Ping An has put in place a risk management organizational 
system which holds the Board of Directors ultimately accountable and is directly led by the management. 
Supported closely by relevant committees and various functions, the system covers risk management 
across all of the Group ’s member companies and business lines.
The Board of Directors is the highest decision-making authority for the Company ’s risk management and 
takes responsibility for the effectiveness of comprehensive risk management.
Risk Management
90
Annual Report 2025 Ping An Insurance (Group) Company of China, Ltd.
The Audit and Risk Management Committee under the Board of Directors is responsible for thoroughly 
understanding the Company ’s major risk exposures and relevant management situations, monitoring the 
effectiveness of the risk management system, deliberating the following matters, and giving opinions and 
suggestions to the Board of Directors on the following matters:
 Overall objectives of risk management, risk appetites and tolerance, and risk management policies and 
procedures;
 Risk management organs and their responsibilities;
 Risk assessments for major decisions and solutions to significant risks; and
 Annual risk assessment reports.
The Company has set up the Related Party Transaction Control and Consumer Rights Protection 
Committee under the Board of Directors. The Related Party Transaction Control and Consumer Rights 
Protection Committee coordinates related party transactions management of the Company, ensures the 
compliance and fairness of the Company ’s related party transactions, and prevents risks from related party 
transactions. The Committee performs its duties as follows:
 To determine the overall targets, basic policies, and management rules for related party transactions;
 To review material related party transactions, including but not limited to providing opinions on 
related party transactions and matters deliberated by the Company ’s Board of Directors according 
to regulatory requirements, submitting them to the Company ’s Board of Directors for review and 
approval, and giving opinions in writing on the compliance, fairness, and necessity of material related 
party transactions as well as whether the interests of the Company and insurance consumers would be 
affected;
 To review annual reports on related party transactions;
 To regularly review the related party list under the Administrative Measures for Related Party 
Transactions of Banking and Insurance Institutions ; and
 Other duties prescribed by regulations and other tasks stipulated by the Charter of the Related Party 
Transaction Control and Consumer Rights Protection Committee  and autho

---

ominated liabilities are also exposed to risks as a result of fluctuations in exchange rates. 
These liabilities include monetary liabilities such as borrowings, customers ’ deposits and liabilities for 
incurred claims denominated in foreign currencies, as well as non-monetary liabilities measured at fair 
value.
The Group formulates its allocation strategies for assets including foreign exchange assets based on the 
Company ’s risk appetite, risk profiles of the asset class, and stress test results. Through measures including 
limits management and hedging, the Group keeps foreign exchange risk under control by consistently 
optimizing the aggregate foreign currency assets and liabilities as well as the structures, enhances overseas 
asset management, and regularly analyzes the sensitivity to foreign exchange risk.
The sensitivity to foreign exchange risk is calculated by assuming a simultaneous and uniform depreciation 
of 5% against the Renminbi of all foreign currency-denominated monetary assets and liabilities, as well as 
non-monetary assets and liabilities measured at fair value as illustrated in the table below:
December 31, 2025
(in RMB million)
Increase/(decrease)
in equity before tax
  
Net exposure to fluctuations in exchange rates assuming a simultaneous and uniform 
depreciation of 5 % of all foreign currency-denominated monetary assets and liabilities 
and non-monetary assets and liabilities measured at fair value against the Renminbi (7,078)
  
If the above currencies appreciate by the same proportion, the appreciation will have an inverse effect of 
the same amount on equity before tax in the table.
Market Risk – Real Estate Price Risk
The Group is exposed to real estate price risk associated with its holding of investment properties. The 
Group tracks its exposure to property investment, monitors the movement of real estate prices in relevant 
regions, analyzes the impact of macro policies and regional economic development on real estate prices, 
has engaged independent valuers for the fair value assessment, and conducts stress tests on a regular 
basis.
The fair value of the Group ’s holding of buildings under investment properties stood at RMB171, 987 million 
as of December 31, 2025.
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
99
Annual Report 2025 Ping An Insurance (Group) Company of China, Ltd. 
1.3 Credit Risk
Credit risk refers to the risk of losses caused by the default of any debtors or counterparties or by the 
adverse changes in their credit conditions. The Group is exposed to credit risks primarily associated with 
its deposit arrangements with commercial banks, loans and advances to customers, bond investments, 
investments in debt schemes and debt financial products, reinsurance arrangements with reinsurers, policy 
loans, margin financing, financial guarantees, loan commitments, and so on.
The Group manages credit risk through various control measures, including:
 Constantly improving the credit risk management mechanism with risk rating as its core methodology;
 Optimizing standardized policies, rules and procedures for credit risk management;
 Setting and constantly monitoring credit risk limits in multiple dimensions including customers and 
portfolios to effectively prevent and control large risk exposures;
 Constantly strengthening the risk management system to standardize the Group ’s consolidated credit 
risk management; and
 Strengthening the risk warning and monitoring, and enhancing post-investment management.
The Group is in strict compliance with the credit risk management guidelines issued by regulators. Under 
the guidance of the Board of Directors and the senior management, the Group carries out consolidated 
analysis, monitoring and management of the credit risk exposures of lending and investment businesses at 
the Group level. On this basis, the Group establishes and refines credit risk limits for different companies 
and business lines to manage credit risk of large risk exposures in the Group ’s consolidated financial 
statements. The Group also provides forward-looking insights into and analysis of potential credit risks and 
their impacts on the Group.
Risk Management
100
Annual Report 2025 Ping An Insurance (Group) Company of China, Ltd.
The Group carries out targeted measures to control credit risk in light of the different characteristics 
and risk profiles of businesses including insurance, banking and investment. For reinsurance credit risk 
associated with insurance business, namely credit risk which occurs when a reinsurance company is unable 
to fulfill its obligations, the Group evaluates the credit of the reinsurers before entering into a reinsurance 
contract, and cooperates with selected reinsurance companies that have a high credit standing for 
mitigating credit risks. For credit risk associated with the banking business, the Group constantly improved 
the whole-process management of credit risks and effectively enhanced the management of bank credit 
risks in line with changes in the financial and economic situation and macro-control policies as well as the 
requirements of regulatory authorities. The Group strengthened early warning management by establishing 
and constantly improving the automatic early warning system based on big data, strictly implemented 
post-lending management policies, and regularly reviewed customer risk profiles and overall asset quality. 
Risk management was strengthened in key areas to prevent the accumulation of credit risk from large 
exposures. The disposal of non-performing assets was enhanced by leveraging the Group ’s specialized 
strengths. For credit risk associated with the investment business of insurance funds and so on, the Group 
assesses the credit status of potential investment assets and counterparties in line with internal risk policies 
and procedures, strictly reviews the quality of counterparties through means including credit rating, name 
lists and admittance management, chooses counterparties that have a relatively high credit standing, and 
adopts a multi-dimensional approach for setting risk limits on investment portfolios to mana

---

ol over arbitrary capital movements and fund transfers devoid of business 
backgrounds to ensure the security of funds and prohibit unauthorized fund borrowings and transfers.
Risk Management
104
Annual Report 2025 Ping An Insurance (Group) Company of China, Ltd.
Fourthly, information firewalls. The Group and its member companies constantly improve the network 
and data security governance structure, and have established an accountability system for cybersecurity, 
data security, and personal information protection. The Group and its member companies have specified 
responsible departments and personnel, reviewed and updated management rules and supporting 
documents for network and data security, built a multi-level defense-in-depth framework, implemented 
network access control and information/data segregation, and strengthened multi-factor authentication for 
public system platforms. Attaching great importance to customer information security, the security of their 
products, and the cybersecurity of their businesses, the Group and its member companies conduct special 
inspections of cybersecurity and data security in strict accordance with laws, regulations and regulatory 
requirements including the Cybersecurity Law of the People ’s Republic of China , the Data Security Law of 
the People ’s Republic of China  and the Personal Information Protection Law of the People ’s Republic of 
China, and the Administrative Measures for Data Security of Banking and Insurance Institutions  issued by 
the NFRA. The Group and its member companies have set up an all-around mechanism for ex ante control, 
in-the-process monitoring and ex post audits, excelling in cybersecurity attack and defense drills organized 
by the Ministry of Public Security, the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology, and the securities 
industry. Moreover, the Group and its member companies have put in place security controls over all the 
stages of the data lifecycle, including data collection, transmission, storage, use, exchange and destruction, 
to protect the security, integrity and usability of customer information and data.
Fifthly, personnel management firewalls. The Company has established appropriate, effective personnel 
management firewalls. The Group and its member companies have established mutually independent 
organizational structures, personnel management rules and processes. Moreover, the Company ensures 
effective personnel segregation through an employee conflict of interest management framework by 
taking measures including: strictly restricting the double-jobbing of senior management among the 
Group and its member companies in accordance with applicable laws and regulations; ensuring that no 
employee performs incompatible roles with any potential conflict of interest at the same post and time 
through appropriate duty segregation; and establishing anti-nepotism policies and strengthening relevant 
day-to-day management.
The Group has constantly improved the management of related party transactions. The Group and its 
member companies constantly enhance the management of related party transactions in strict accordance 
with applicable laws, regulations and regulatory requirements and the management principles of good faith, 
fairness and equity, penetration verification and clear structures. Adhering to risk prevention and control, 
the Group and its member companies constantly consolidate related party transaction management 
systems, optimize management structures and mechanisms, improve management procedures, and 
enhance related party transaction identification, review and fair value-based pricing to ensure the 
compliance and fairness of related party transactions. The Group and its member companies constantly 
increase transparency by disclosing and reporting related party transactions in strict accordance with 
industries ’ regulatory rules. Furthermore, the Group and its member companies constantly strengthen 
all employees ’ compliance awareness about related party transactions by developing a culture of 
related party transaction management compliance through constant training and education. The Group 
enhances system-based management and related party transaction governance by constantly promoting 
the informatization and intelligentization of related party management and related party transaction 
management.
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
105
Annual Report 2025 Ping An Insurance (Group) Company of China, Ltd. 
The Group has improved its approach to outsourcing management. The Group complies with applicable 
laws, regulations and regulatory documents to carry out outsourcing management, and outsources 
its business in accordance with its own operation and management requirements. It is not allowed 
to outsource the core business of insurance companies. Furthermore, it is not allowed to outsource 
IT management responsibilities, network security responsibilities or functions related to IT core 
competitiveness including IT strategy management, IT risk management, and IT internal auditing. Member 
companies follow the principles of independent transactions and fair pricing for outsourcing, and perform 
corresponding approval procedures and sign agreements in accordance with applicable regulations 
and management rules for related party transactions. The transactions are reported and disclosed 
in accordance with applicable regulatory requirements. Moreover, the Group constantly strengthens 
outsourcing risk management, improves IT outsourcing risk management rules, and monitors and inspects 
IT outsourcing risks in all aspects. In addition, the Group constantly strengthens the monitoring and 
evaluation of outsourced activities by optimizing monitoring indicators and the supervision of outsourced 
personnel, implementing emergency management and drills, and improving evaluation and appraisal 
mechanisms for outsourced services. Service providers solicit feedback on satisfaction from beneficiaries 
on a regular basis, and conduct internal appraisals on the basis of such feedback to ensure robust quality 
and levels of outsourced service

---

rming services.
Insurance products
Ping An Life consistently innovated and optimized its product portfolio, delved deeper into insurance 
protection, pension, and wealth management markets, and actively built its business presence in inclusive 
insurance, aiming to meet customers ’ diverse protection needs.
Ping An Life strengthened its presence in the critical 
illness insurance market while developing the 
medical insurance market. Ping An Life rolled out a 
range of critical illness insurance products including 
“Man Fen” products, “An You Fu” products, and “Quan 
Jia Bao.” In response to Diagnosis Related Group and 
Diagnosis-Intervention Packet payment reforms, Ping 
An Life launched new “e Sheng Bao” medical insurance 
products to meet different customer segments’ 
needs. In addition, Ping An Life upgraded accident 
insurance products including “An Bai Hui Xiang” to 
meet customers’ protection needs in multiple accident 
scenarios.
Protection products
Ping An Life enhanced its annuity product line 
by developing senior care products for different 
senior care scenarios. In response to national 
policies, Ping An Life released “Sheng Shi You 
Xiang ” (a personal tax-credit pension) and “Zhi 
Ying Jin Sheng ” (an exclusive commercial pension). 
In addition, Ping An Life launched the “Yi Xiang 
Tian Nian ” immediate annuity for soon-to-retire 
customers.
Senior care products
Ping An Life constantly diversified the 
participating insurance products and 
participating account system. In a low interest 
rate environment, Ping An Life enhanced the 
R&D of variable-income products, upgraded 
flagship products, and launched new participating 
products including “Jin Yue (Company Anniversary 
Version). ” By building a differential participating 
account system, Ping An Life enhanced the appeal 
of its participating products.
Wealth management products
Ping An Life diversified the inclusive insurance 
products. Focusing on risks specific to the elderly, 
children, and women, Ping An Life rolled out 
products including “Yi Kang Bao, ” “Shao Er Fu ” 
and “Gratitude to Women ” to provide dedicated 
protection and expand the coverage of inclusive 
insurance.
Inclusive insurance products
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
43
Annual Report 2025 Ping An Insurance (Group) Company of China, Ltd. 
Insurance services
Insurance + premium 
senior care
Ping An is committed to 
developing the premium 
senior care market and 
creating innovative “one-
stop” full-lifecycle senior 
care solutions. Under the 
core philosophy of “seven-
dimensional health (1)” and 
the value proposition 
of “prime life, exclusive 
services, and respectful 
care, ” Ping An provides 
customized, exclusive 
health and senior care 
services and high-quality, 
heartwarming, brand-
new health and senior 
care experience to meet 
the growing demand for 
premium senior care in 
China.
We unveiled a total of 
six Zhen Living premium 
health and senior care 
communities, which are 
currently in operation or 
under construction, in 
five cities as of December 
31, 2025. Among them, 
Zhen City • Shanghai 
has opened for business, 
and Zhen City • Futian in 
Shenzhen has started a 
soft opening.
Insurance + health care
Ping An Life released the 
“Ping An Tian Rui – An You 
Hu” health service plan, a 
package of “critical illness 
insurance + critical illness 
management services, ” 
in April 2025. The plan 
gives customers access 
to precise examinations, 
surgeries performed by 
renowned doctors, and 
rehabilitative treatment 
throughout the entire 
medical journey, making 
critical illness treatment 
more convenient and 
worry-free. Ping An Life 
launched the “Ping An Tian 
Rui – An You Yi ” health 
service plan, a package 
of “medical insurance 
+ medical services, ” in 
September 2025. The plan 
gives customers access 
to more professional and 
comprehensive medical 
support and resources 
across the entire medical 
journey before, during, and 
after hospitalization.
Our health and senior care 
services were used by 
18,298 thousand of Ping An 
Life’s customers in 2025.
Insurance + home-based 
senior care
Ping An Life constantly 
explores a heartwarming 
“insurance + home-based 
senior care ” service model, 
focusing on scenarios of 
the elderly ’s core needs 
including medical services, 
health management, 
safety, and nursing care. 
Ping An Life has developed 
three brand-new service 
highlights, namely “access 
to health care when 
needed, emergency rescue 
in times of distress, and 
ongoing care throughout 
the aging journey. ”
Over 240 thousand 
customers were entitled 
to home-based senior care 
services as of December 
31, 2025.
Note: (1 ) Seven-dimensional health refers to seven health dimensions, namely the body, cognition, emotion, spirit, financial status, career 
and social interaction.
Performance Overview  
Life and Health Insurance Business
44
Annual Report 2025 Ping An Insurance (Group) Company of China, Ltd.
Ping An Life kept high persistency ratios of insurance policies in 2025, with the 13-month persistency ratio 
and 25-month persistency ratio up 1 .0 pps and 5 .2 pps year on year respectively, indicating consistently 
improving business quality. Going forward, Ping An Life will boost persistency ratios and the efficiency of 
service-based renewal premium collection by consistently enhancing smart, digital ex ante services and 
precise collection regarding policies to be renewed.
(%) 2025 2024 2023
    
Ping An Life
13-month persistency ratio 97.4 96.4 92.8
25-month persistency ratio 94.9 89.7 85.8
    
KEY INDICATORS
(in RMB million)
2025/
December 31, 2025
2024/
December 31, 2024 Change (%)
    
NBV 36,897 28,534 29.3
NBV margin (based on ANP, %) 28.5 22.7 5.8 pps
First-year premium ( “FYP”) used to 
calculate NBV 157, 923 154, 026 2.5
EV 928, 630 835, 093 11.2
Operating ROEV (%) 11.2 11.0 0.2 pps
    
Contribution from new business 
(“new business CSM ”) 36,688 35,405 3.6
New business CSM margin (%) 8.3 9.0 –0.6 pps
Present value of expected 
premiums from new business sold 440, 940 395, 481 11.5
Operating profit 103, 265 96,022 7.5
Operating ROE (%) 21.3 25.7 –4.4 pps

---

improve the quality and efficiency of services and bolster five key financial sectors, namely 
technology finance, green finance, inclusive finance, pension finance and digital finance. Ping An P&C 
cumulatively developed nearly 8 ,800 products, and provided RMB373. 04 trillion worth of insurance coverage 
for 2.93 million small and micro-enterprises in 2025. Green insurance premium income increased 30. 5% year 
on year to RMB76, 474 million in 2025. Ping An P&C issued 3 .26 million science and technology insurance 
policies, providing RMB9 .29 trillion worth of insurance coverage in 2025. Ping An P&C helped advance 136  
city-customized medical insurance programs, providing over RMB48. 78 trillion worth of insurance coverage 
for over 36. 83 million citizens in 2025. Ping An P&C undertook long-term care insurance programs covering 
over 57.09 million participants, and cumulatively paid over RMB378 million of long-term care benefits in 2025.
Promoting Sci-tech Self-reliance and Self-strengthening
Ping An P&C has fully implemented the “AI in ALL ” strategy, reshaping the insurance business value 
chain with AI. AI has been applied to 100% of cases in the five core scenarios, namely marketing, services, 
operations, management, and business development. Ping An P&C has won the First Prize of the “Fintech 
Development Award ” for three consecutive years, and garnered the Second Prize of the national “Data 
Element X ” competition in 2025, the first national science and technology prize in the insurance industry. 
Ping An P&C has made the Ping An Auto Owner app smarter by upgrading it with technologies including 
AI to provide precise and efficient services, with a customer satisfaction rating of over 97. 5%. The Ping An 
Auto Owner app had over 260 million registered users, with monthly active users peaking at over 50 million 
as of December 31, 2025.
Improving Service Quality and Efficiency via Risk Reduction
Ping An P&C has created sustainable business value by consistently advancing risk reduction practices. 
Ping An P&C upgraded its “EagleX Risk Mitigation Service Platform ” in 2025. Moreover, Ping An P&C 
released EagleX (Global Version), the first global risk mitigation service platform independently developed 
by an insurance company, to provide full-lifecycle risk management services for overseas customers. The 
systems gave alerts on about 420 thousand natural disasters to about 130 million customers in 2025, enabling 
Ping An P&C to reduce losses by over RMB707 million. Ping An P&C ’s closed-loop management of 17 risk 
scenarios, including elevator safety, flooding and waterlogging, benefited 18 thousand corporate customers 
and helped avoid 32 major accidents in 2025. Moreover, under the guidance of the NFRA and traffic police, 
Ping An P&C launched the “Traffic Lights ” road safety public welfare program. Under the program, Ping 
An P&C drew heat maps based on claims big data, renovated 1 ,789 road sections, donated 10, 052 facilities 
including traffic lights and speed bumps, and conducted 1 ,124 rural education events benefiting about  
200 thousand participants. By doing so, Ping An P&C not only significantly reduced traffic accidents along 
the roads, but also developed a scalable, replicable new approach to rural road governance. Ping An P&C ’s 
risk management solution targeting small scattered projects in Dongguan was honored by China Central 
Television as the “Digital Finance ” case of the year 2025 for building China into a financial powerhouse. 
EagleX won a World IoT Award in 2025, the first-ever in the financial industry. The “Traffic Lights ” public 
welfare program was honored as a case of “People-centered Heartwarming Services ” from the financial 
industry, the only case from China ’s property and casualty insurance industry.
Performance Overview  
Property and Casualty Insurance Business
50
Annual Report 2025 Ping An Insurance (Group) Company of China, Ltd.
OPERATING DATA BY PRODUCT TYPE
Premium income rose 3 .2% year on year to RMB230, 362 million. COR improved 
by 2.3 pps year on year to 95. 8% mainly thanks to the auto insurance business 
line’ s reform aimed at consistency between regulatory filings and actual 
operations, consistently refined expense management and improved expense 
input.
 Ping An P&C advanced customer development and built a full-scenario, 
end-to-end customer service system by upgrading “worry-free, time-
saving, and money-saving ” auto insurance services, launching “three claims 
services ” and upgrading “six auto use services. ” Ping An P&C reduced its 
auto insurance operating cost ratio by 1 .0 pps over the past three years by 
enabling core processes including auto insurance underwriting, claims and 
marketing with AI agents and digital applications.
 Ping An P&C further implemented risk reduction by working with 
automakers to optimize vehicle design based on incident scenario analysis 
and sending safe driving tips via the Ping An Auto Owner app. Moreover, 
Ping An P&C consistently optimized claim costs by integrating high-
quality auto repair service providers and strengthening the claim and 
repair network. Ping An P&C provided RMB52. 34 trillion worth of insurance 
coverage for new energy vehicle ( “NEV”) owners by underwriting 12. 84 
million NEVs, up 44. 8% year on year in 2025. Premium income of NEV 
insurance grew 39. 0% year on year to RMB52, 480 million in 2025, representing 
a 27.7% market share. Moreover, Ping An P&C delivered an underwriting 
profit in NEV insurance business in 2025, showing steadily improved 
profitability.
Premium income grew 25. 2% year on year to RMB38, 239 million. COR rose by 
3.6 pps year on year to 99. 4%.
 To safeguard people ’ s livelihoods under the “Healthy China ” initiative, Ping 
An P&C leveraged the Group ’ s health care resources to pioneer a model of 
“One Insurance Policy Covering the Whole Family ” which addresses pain 
points in family enrollment and claim settlement. Additionally, Ping An P&C 
explored insurance solutions for individuals with pre-existing conditions, 
tackling protection-related challenges faced by people with speci

---

y 4 .1 
pps year on year to 106. 8%.
 Ping An P&C bolstered five key financial sectors, namely technology 
finance, green finance, inclusive finance, pension finance, and digital 
finance, to support the real economy and enhance people ’ s livelihoods, 
contributing to the successful conclusion of the 14th Five-Year Plan. Ping 
An P&C advanced forward-looking strategic initiatives in line with the 15th 
Five-Year Plan to promote high-quality economic and social development.
 In risk reduction, Ping An P&C further localized its pricing models to 
consistently improve the accuracy of pricing. In addition, Ping An P&C 
applied AI to underwriting pricing and business quality inspection, 
comprehensively enhancing business compliance. In product innovation, 
Ping An P&C pioneered standardized insurance products including 
“Overseas Travel Insurance ” and “Battery Insurance ” for the auto ecosystem 
to safeguard industrial transformation and upgrade.
Auto insurance
Liability insurance
Accidental 
injury and health 
insurance
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
51
Annual Report 2025 Ping An Insurance (Group) Company of China, Ltd. 
Premium income grew 16. 3% year on year to RMB12, 470 million. COR improved 
by 1.1 pps year on year to 98. 7%.
 Ping An P&C upgraded its online “worry-free, time-saving, and money-
saving ” services for farmers. Through the Ai Nong Bao app, Ping An P&C 
provided farmers with convenient services including self-service insurance 
application and premium payment, small claim settlement via Smart Quick 
Claim, and proactive disaster early-warning. The number of farmers using 
online services exceeded 2 .18 million.
 Ping An P&C adopted a 9 -in-1 approach to industrial vitalization covering 
entire industry chains. By integrating “financial + technological + platform ” 
resources, Ping An P&C supported regional industrial vitalization via 974 
projects cumulatively, helping 2 .64 million farmers boost income by  
RMB23 billion.
Premium income amounted to RMB10, 658 million. COR improved by 5 .8 pps 
year on year to 98. 0%.
 Thoroughly implementing the spirit of the Third Plenary Session of the 
20th CPC Central Committee, Ping An P&C strives to build China into a 
strong maritime country. Ping An P&C proactively enhanced its marine 
insurance underwriting capability to provide cargo insurance across entire 
supply chains. By doing so, Ping An P&C supported the development of 
three new industries, namely photovoltaics, lithium-ion batteries and NEVs, 
safeguarding the global expansion of Chinese manufacturers.
 Ping An P&C advanced the comprehensive digitalization and 
intelligentization of its offerings. By building a risk warning system on the 
“Ping An Hao Yun ” platform, Ping An P&C provided customers with services 
including disaster warning and shipment positioning. In this way, Ping An 
P&C enabled customers to track shipments in real time and safeguarded 
cargo shipping.
Agricultural insurance
Cargo insurance
Performance Overview  
Property and Casualty Insurance Business
52
Annual Report 2025 Ping An Insurance (Group) Company of China, Ltd.
(in RMB million)
Insured 
amount
Premium 
income
Insurance 
revenue
Insurance 
service 
expenses
Underwriting 
profit COR
Net insurance 
contract 
liabilities
        
Auto insurance 350, 337, 225 230, 362 228, 495 215, 912 9,496 95.8% 212, 372
Accidental injury and 
health insurance 2,488, 467, 638 38,239 32,769 32,258 189 99.4% 27,133
Liability insurance 2,052, 651, 454 24,262 24,052 24,720 (1,642) 106. 8% 30,999
Agricultural insurance 491, 540 12,470 11,491 11,112 152 98.7% 1,445
Cargo insurance 20,192, 042 10,658 10,454 10,450 207 98.0% 3,155
        
Note: Net insurance contract liabilities = insurance contract liabilities – insurance contract assets.
KEY INDICATORS
(in RMB million) 2025 2024 Change (%)
    
Operating profit (1) 17,000 15,021 13.2
Operating ROE (%) 12.0 11.5 0.5 pps
COR(2) (%) 96.8 98.3 -1.5 pps
 Including: 
  Combined expense ratio (3) (%) 26.4 27.3 -0.9 pps
  Combined loss ratio (4) (%) 70.4 71.0 -0.6 pps
    
Insurance revenue 338, 912 328, 146 3.3
 Including: Auto insurance 228, 495 220, 026 3.8
 Non-auto insurance 110, 417 108, 120 2.1
    
Notes: (1 ) Ping An P&C ’s net profit reached RMB14, 597 million in 2025, down 2 .8% year on year primarily due to the one-off impact of 
the sale of Autohome. The Company realized profit throughout the entire cycle of investing in Autohome from the initial 
investment to the exit.
 ( 2) COR = (insurance service expenses + (allocation of reinsurance premiums paid – amount recovered from reinsurer) + (net 
insurance finance expenses for insurance contracts issued – net reinsurance finance income for reinsurance contracts held) + 
changes in insurance premium reserves)/insurance revenue.
 ( 3) Combined expense ratio = (acquisition cost amortization + maintenance expenses)/ insurance revenue.
 ( 4) Combined loss ratio = (settled loss + outstanding loss + profit or loss of loss contracts + (allocation of reinsurance premiums 
paid – amount recovered from reinsurer) + (net insurance finance expenses for insurance contracts issued – net reinsurance 
finance income for reinsurance contracts held) + changes in insurance premium reserves)/ insurance revenue.
 ( 5) Figures may not match the calculation due to rounding.
(%) 2025 2023- 2025 average
   
COR 96.8 98.6
Combined loss ratio 70.4 71.0
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
53
Annual Report 2025 Ping An Insurance (Group) Company of China, Ltd. 
ANALYSIS OF PROFIT SOURCES
(in RMB million) 2025 2024 Change (%)
    
Insurance revenue 338, 912 328, 146 3.3
Insurance service expenses (320, 380) (314, 356) 1.9
Net expense from reinsurance 
contracts held (1) (4,014) (2,531) 58.6
Net insurance financial result and 
others (2) (3,801) (5,796) (34.4)
    
Underwriting profit 10,717 5,463 96.2
COR (%) 96.8 98.3 -1.5 pps
Total investment income (3) 11,927 16,125 (26.0)
Other net revenue and expenses (3,847) (3,107) 23.8
    
Profit before tax 18,797 18,481 1.7
Income tax (4,200) (3,460) 21.4
    
Net profit 14,597 15,021 (2.8)
    
Operating profit 17,000 15,021 13.2
    
Notes: (1 )

---

rbank 
business strategies. While doing its best to bolster five key financial sectors (namely technology finance, 
green finance, inclusive finance, pension finance, and digital finance), Ping An Bank constantly strengthens 
risk management and advances digital transformation for high-quality development.
RETAIL BUSINESS
Ping An Bank adheres to its retail business strategy to advance the strategic transformation and build 
distinctive customer-centric retail banking. Around the business goal of “Efficiency First, Scale Considered, ” 
Ping An Bank promotes the high-quality, sustainable development of retail business.
In lending business, Ping An Bank consistently 
optimized its loan portfolio by increasing home 
mortgage loans and NEV loans. Moreover, Ping An 
Bank upgraded risk management strategies and 
optimized risk models to improve the quality of 
new loans, striking a balance between “volumes, 
prices and risks. ” Retail loan balance decreased 2 .3% 
from the beginning of 2025 to RMB1 ,727, 294 million 
as of December 31, 2025, of which secured loans 
accounted for 62. 9%. Newly-granted retail NEV loans 
grew 13.9% year on year in 2025.
RMB1,727,294 mn
Retail loan balance, 62.9% secured
RMB42,633 mn
Net profit
1.05%
NPL ratio
Ping An Bank maintains steady overall business performance. Net 
profit amounted to RMB42,633 million in 2025. As Ping An Bank consistently 
supported the real economy, the corporate loan balance grew 3.5% from the 
beginning of 2025 as of December 31, 2025.
Ping An Bank keeps overall asset quality stable by constantly 
strengthening risk management. Non-performing loan ratio dropped by 
0.01 pps from the beginning of 2025 to 1.05%, and provision coverage ratio was 
220.88% as of December 31, 2025, indicating adequate risk provisions.
Ping An Bank promotes the high-quality, sustainable development of 
retail business. Retail assets under management (“AUM”) rose 1.1% from the 
beginning of 2025 to RMB4,238,409 million as of December 31, 2025. Average 
interest rate of retail deposits decreased by 36 bps year on year to 1.82% for 
2025.
RMB4,238,409 mn
Retail AUM
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
61
Annual Report 2025 Ping An Insurance (Group) Company of China, Ltd. 
In pan wealth management business, Ping An 
Bank consistently optimized its deposit portfolio 
and costs by enhancing demand deposit retention 
via scenario-based operations and unlocking 
integrated operations momentum via strengthened 
integration of retail banking and corporate banking. 
Retail deposit balance amounted to RMB1 ,287, 500 
million as of December 31, 2025. Customer deposit 
balance brought by payroll and batch payment 
business increased 10. 8% from the beginning of 
2025 to RMB393, 871 million as of December 31, 2025. 
Average interest rate of retail deposits decreased 
by 36 bps year on year to 1 .82% for 2025. Moreover, 
Ping An Bank improved its wealth management 
teams ’ comprehensive asset allocation capability, 
developing the bancassurance business into a 
key growth driver of the pan wealth management 
business. Revenue from bancassurance business 
reached RMB1 ,292 million in 2025, up 53. 3% year on 
year.
RMB1,292 mn
Bancassurance revenue, up 53.3% YoY
1.82%
Average retail deposit rate, down 36 bps YoY
(in RMB million) 2025 2024 Change (%)
    
Retail business operating results
Revenue from retail business 61,626 71,255 (13.5)
Proportion of revenue from retail 
business (%) 46.9 48.6 -1.7 pps
Operating profit from retail 
business before impairment losses 
on assets 40,834 49,219 (17.0)
Proportion of operating profit from 
retail business before impairment 
losses on assets (%) 44.4 47.0 -2.6 pps
Net profit from retail business 2,683 289 828. 4
Proportion of net profit from retail 
business (%) 6.3 0.6 5.7 pps
    
Note: Revenue from retail business declined year on year due to falling loan interest rates and business portfolio adjustments. Retail 
asset quality gradually improved, impairment losses on retail assets decreased year on year, and net profit from retail business 
grew year on year as the asset portfolio and customer mix consistently improved.
Performance Overview  
Banking Business
62
Annual Report 2025 Ping An Insurance (Group) Company of China, Ltd.
December 31, 
2025
December 31, 
2024 Change (%)
    
Retail customers (1) (in thousand) 127, 896. 3 125, 537. 9 1.9
Including: Wealth management 
customers (in thousand) 1,491. 5 1,456. 2 2.4
Including: Private banking 
customers (2) (in thousand) 105. 6 96.8 9.1
Retail AUM (in RMB million) 4,238, 409 4,194, 074 1.1
Including: Private banking AUM  
(in RMB million) 1,991, 313 1,975, 471 0.8
    
Notes: (1 ) Retail customers include debit and credit cardholders, with duplicates removed.
 ( 2) A qualified private banking customer refers to a customer who has over RMB6  million in average daily assets for any one of 
the past three months.
CORPORATE BUSINESS
In corporate business, Ping An Bank consistently serves the real economy, focusing on industrial finance, 
technology finance, supply chain finance, cross-border finance and inclusive finance. Moreover, Ping An 
Bank upgrades mechanisms for integrating retail banking and corporate banking to promote balanced 
business development.
Selected sectors
Ping An Bank consistently advances 
its sector-specific operations, focusing 
on optimizing and upgrading 
traditional industries and fostering 
emerging industries. Targeting key 
selected sectors, Ping An Bank 
optimizes marketing, product 
and risk management strategies, 
and offers customized industry-
specific service solutions to build 
differentiation advantages. The 
balance of loans to such key 
selected sectors grew by RMB50, 146 
million from the beginning of 2025  
as of December 31, 2025.
RMB50,146 mn
YTD rise in key sector loan balance
Selected customers
Ping An Bank builds a tiered 
development framework for 
strategic customers, medium-sized 
customers, and small customers, 
with enhanced services for tech 
companies. Ping An Bank ’s 
corporate customers increased 
13.2% from the beginning of 2025  
to 966 thousand as of December 
31, 2025, including 31