Management's Discussion and Analysis for the Third Quarter of 2025 dated November 4, 2025 (the "MD&A"), available at www. sedarplus.ca. 7. Oil Sands operations cash operating costs per barrel are based on the following assumptions: production volumes, sales mix, average natural gas prices, and average Alberta power pool prices as described in the tables above. 8. Fort Hills cash operating costs per barrel are based on the following assumptions: production volumes, average natural gas prices, and average Alberta power pool prices as described in the tables above. 9. Syncrude cash operating costs per barrel are based on the following assumptions: production volumes, average natural gas prices, and average Alberta power pool prices as described in the tables above. 10. Oil Sands operations cash operating costs, Fort Hills cash operating costs, and Syncrude cash operating costs are financial measures. financial measures are not prescribed by GAAP and therefore do not have any standardized meaning. Users are cautioned that these measures may not be fully comparable to one another or to similar information calculated by other entities due to differing operations. For more information, see the Cash Operating Costs and Financial Measures Advisory sections of the MD&A. Both sections are incorporated by reference herein. 11. Reflects income taxes that impact adjusted funds from operations. 12. Reflected as a percentage of gross revenue. 13. Approximates the forward pricing curve at the time of publication. 14. Baseline adjusted funds from operations has been derived from midpoint of 2026 guidance and the associated business environment. Sensitivities are based on changing a single factor by its indicated range while holding the rest constant. Legal Advisory – Statements This news release contains certain information and statements (collectively referred to herein as “ statements”) within the meaning of applicable Canadian and U.S. securities laws. statements in this news release include references to: the expectation that Suncor will provide an update in January 2026 on its 2024 Investor Day targets, the expectation that Suncor will return 100% of excess funds to shareholders through share buybacks and will execute $275 million in monthly repurchases for a total of $3.3 billion of repurchases in 2026, Suncor’s expectations around 2026 annual production, including the total production range, the total bitumen production range, the upgraded - net SCO and diesel range, bitumen range, total Oil Sands production range, and total Exploration and Production range; the planned production ranges for each producing asset including the total planned production range for Oil Sands operations, the planned production range for SCO and diesel, and bitumen from Oil Sands operations, the planned production range for each of Fort Hills and Syncrude, and the planned range of transfers and consumption; Suncor’s expectations of cash operating costs for Oil Sands operations, Fort Hills, and Syncrude; Suncor’s expected refinery throughput, refinery utilization, and refined product sales; Suncor’s expected total capital expenditures as well as for each of its segments; Suncor’s expected maintenance and turnarounds at Firebag, Base Plant, Fort Hills, and Syncrude upstream assets as well as Edmonton, Montreal, Sarnia and Commerce City refineries; and the major economic investments planned or continuing in 2026. In addition, all other statements and information about Suncor’s strategy for growth, expected and future expenditures or investment decisions, commodity prices, costs, schedules, production volumes, operating and financial results and the expected impact of future commitments are statements. Some of the statements may be identified by words like “guidance”, “outlook”, “will”, “expected”, “estimated”, “focus”, “planned”, “believe”, “anticipate” and similar expressions. statements are based on Suncor’s current expectations, estimates, projections and assumptions that were made by the company in light of its experience and its perception of historical trends including expectations and assumptions concerning: the accuracy of reserves estimates; commodity prices and interest and foreign exchange rates; the performance of assets and equipment; uncertainty related to geopolitical conflict; capital efficiencies and ; applicable laws and government policies; future production rates; the sufficiency of budgeted capital expenditures in carrying out planned activities; the availability and cost of labour, services and infrastructure; the satisfaction by third parties of their obligations to Suncor; the development and execution of projects; and the receipt, in a timely manner, of regulatory and approvals. statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve a number of risks and uncertainties, some that are similar to other oil and gas companies and some that are unique to our company. Suncor’s actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied by our statements and you are cautioned not to place undue reliance on them. Assumptions for the Oil Sands operations, Syncrude, and Fort Hills 2026 production outlook include those relating to reliability and operational efficiency initiatives that the company expects will minimize unplanned maintenance in 2026. Assumptions for the Exploration and Production 2026 production outlook include those relating to reservoir performance, drilling results and facility reliability. Factors that could potentially impact Suncor's 2026 corporate guidance include, but are not limited to: · Bitumen supply. Bitumen supply may be dependent on unplanned maintenance of mine equipment and extraction plants, bitumen ore grade quality, tailings storage and in situ reservoir performance. · infrastructure. Production estimates could be negatively impacted by issues with infrastructure, including pipeline or power disruptions, that may result in the apportionment of capacity, pipeline or facility shutdowns, which would affect the company's ability to produce or market its crude oil. · Performance of recently commissioned facilities or well pads. Production rates while new equipment is being brought into service are difficult to predict and can be impacted by unplanned maintenance. · Unplanned maintenance. Production estimates and capital expenditures could be negatively impacted if unplanned work is required at any of our mining, extraction, upgrading, in situ processing, refining, natural gas processing, pipeline, or offshore assets. · Planned maintenance events. Production estimates and capital expenditures, including production mix, could be negatively impacted if planned maintenance events are affected by unexpected events or are not executed effectively. The successful execution of maintenance and of operations for offshore assets, in particular, may be impacted by harsh weather conditions, particularly in the winter season. · Commodity prices. Declines in commodity prices may alter our production outlook and/or reduce our capital expenditure plans. · Foreign operations. Suncor's foreign operations and related assets are subject to a number of political, economic and risks. Financial Measures Oil Sands operations cash operating costs, Fort Hills cash operating costs, and Syncrude cash operating costs are not prescribed by Canadian generally accepted accounting principles (“GAAP”). These financial measures are included because management uses the information to analyze business performance, including on a per barrel basis, as applicable, and it may be useful to investors on the same basis. These financial measures do not have any standardized meaning and, therefore, are unlikely to be comparable to similar measures presented by other companies. These financial measures should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for measures of performance prepared in accordance with GAAP. These financial measures are defined in the Financial Measures Advisory section of the MD&A for the period ended September 30, 2025, and are reconciled to the comparable GAAP measure in the MD&A, and each such reconciliation is incorporated by reference herein. Oil Sands operations cash operating costs, Fort Hills cash operating costs and Syncrude cash operating costs per barrel are based upon the production assumptions of each respective asset and that the natural gas used at each respective asset will be priced at an average of $3.00/GJ for 2026. The Syncrude cash operating costs per barrel measure may not be fully comparable to similar information calculated by other entities due to differing operations. Suncor’s Management’s Discussion and Analysis for the third quarter of 2025 dated November 4, 2025 (the “MD&A”), its Annual Information Form, Annual Report to Shareholders and Form 40-F, each dated February 26, 2025, and other documents it files from time to time with securities regulatory authorities describe the risks, uncertainties, material assumptions and other factors that could influence actual results and such factors are incorporated herein by reference. Copies of these documents are available on SEDAR+ at sedarplus.ca or EDGAR at sec.gov. Except as required by applicable securities laws, Suncor disclaims any intention or obligation to publicly update or revise any statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Suncor Energy is Canada's leading integrated energy company. Suncor’s operations include oil sands development, production and upgrading; offshore oil production; petroleum refining in Canada and the U.S.; and the company’s ™ retail and wholesale distribution networks (including Canada’s Electric Highway™, a network of EV stations). Suncor is developing petroleum resources while advancing the transition to a future through investment in lower emissions intensity power, renewable feedstock fuels and projects targeting emissions intensity. Suncor also conducts energy trading activities focused principally on the marketing and trading of crude oil, natural gas, byproducts, refined products and power. Suncor’s common shares (symbol: SU) are listed on the Toronto and New York stock exchanges. For more information about Suncor, visit our website at suncor.com Media inquiries: 833-296-4570 media@suncor.com Investor inquiries: invest@suncor.com