management’s discussion and analysis prepared in accordance with applicable securities laws and in a manner that is clear, concise and meaningful. 2.1.11 Immediately report any known inaccuracies to their leader. The current revision of this approved document is kept online. Printed and digital copies are uncontrolled. 7 of 8 Revision: 1.0 Suncor Standard Accounting, Reporting and Business Control Standard Sensitivity: Public 3 References Background Documents The following document(s) provide additional information that may be of interest or provide additional support for this standard. · Improper Payments Standard · Delegation of Authority Standard The current revision of this approved document is kept online. Printed and digital copies are uncontrolled. 8 of 8 Revision: 1.0 Current versions of approved documents are maintained online. Printed copies are uncontrolled. Page 1 of 7 POLICY GUIDANCE & STANDARDS COMMUNICATIONS TO THE PUBLIC Number: Date Developed: September 12, 2001 Revision Date: February 6, 2021 Last Reviewed on: March 16, 2026 Document Owner: General Counsel; Executive Vice President, Business Services; and Chief Financial Officer Document Contacts: Vice President Legal Affairs, Corporate; and Vice President, Sustainability & Communications SCOPE AND PURPOSE This policy guidance & standard (PG&S) applies to Suncor Energy Inc. and its subsidiaries (collectively “Suncor” or the “Company”). All Suncor Personnel must comply with this PG&S. References in this document to “Suncor Personnel” include members of the board of directors, officers, employees and independent contractors (formerly referred to as contract workers) of Suncor. All Suncor Personnel whose principal job responsibilities or accountabilities are in the areas of communications or investor relations, and all Suncor officers with a position of Vice President, General Manager or higher, must be thoroughly familiar with this PG&S, and for such individuals, this PG&S is subject to and forms part of Suncor's Standards of Business Conduct Code and Compliance Program. One of the cornerstones of securities laws, including the requirements of securities commissions and stock exchanges (“Securities Laws”), is that all persons investing in securities have equal access to information that may affect investment decisions, and that all material information be promptly and generally disclosed to the public. The objectives of this Policy Guidance and Standard on Public Communications, in conjunction with Suncor’s Standards of Business Conduct Policies on “Disclosure of Material Information and Trading in Shares and Securities” and “Conflict of Interest and Confidentiality” , are to ensure that Suncor has appropriate processes in place to communicate to the public in a timely, factual and accurate manner, and to communicate material information in a way that constitutes general disclosure in accordance with Securities Laws. GUIDANCE & STANDARDS INDEX 1. Communications to the Public - Defined 2. Securities Laws & General Disclosure of Material Information 3. Spokespersons 4. Rumours 5. Communications with Financial Analysts & Investors 6. Inadvertent Selective Disclosure 7. Conference Calls 8. Annual Outlook 9. News Releases 10. Speeches and Public Presentations 11. Material Announcements 12. Review of Analyst Reports 13. Distribution of Analyst Reports 14. Forward Looking Information 15. Quiet Period 16. Internet, Intranet & Extranet 17. Disclosure Archive COMMUNICATIONS TO THE PUBLIC Last Reviewed: March 2026 Current versions of approved documents are maintained online. Printed copies are uncontrolled. Page 2 of 7 1. COMMUNICATIONS TO THE PUBLIC - DEFINED This PG&S applies to all of the Company’s communications to the public. A communication to the public is a communication made under any circumstances where it is placed in, or is likely to enter, the public domain, and can include communication to employees generally, that is not expressly subject to an obligation of confidence . Suncor’s communications to the public include, but are not limited to: · formal written documents such as shareholder reports, annual information forms, press releases, proxy circulars and financial statements (including management’s discussion and analysis); · newsletters, letters to shareholders, environment and social responsibility reports that are made generally available outside the Company; · internal and external web site (or intranet) content; · investor presentations, advertising and marketing literature; · employee newsletters; and · oral presentations by Suncor Personnel on behalf of Suncor, such as speeches, investor presentations and analyst / media conferences, professional and industry conferences, interviews and meetings, whether or not stated to be on a “confidential” or “off the record” basis. 2. SECURITIES LAWS & GENERAL DISCLOSURE OF MATERIAL INFORMATION Under Securities Laws, general disclosure requires two things: (1) broad public dissemination; and (2) sufficient time thereafter for public investors to analyze the information. For the purposes of this standard, “broad public dissemination” is achieved through a news release distributed through a widely circulated news or wire service that provides simultaneous national and/or international distribution, including distribution to all applicable stock exchanges and securities regulatory authorities, as well as major financial media. Posting of material information on our web site should occur concurrently with or shortly after the news release, but posting alone is not broad public dissemination. A press conference or conference call may be scheduled for a time shortly following the news release. In addition, Securities Laws recognize that time is required for markets to absorb the impact of such information, although the applicable period of time is not prescribed by law. Under stock exchange practices, trading halts pending material announcements ordinarily last for periods of between one half hour and two hours. Accordingly, for the purposes of this PG&S, under most circumstances, a period of two hours following distribution via newswire must elapse before information is deemed to be broadly and publicly disseminated. Suncor has a Material Information Committee. One of the roles of this committee is to assist the Chief Executive Officer (“CEO”), or in his or her absence, the Chief Financial Officer (“CFO”), in making judgments on materiality and other disclosure issues. Suncor Personnel who become aware of information that they believe is material and not within the knowledge of Suncor’s management, should refer to the PG&S relating to “Disclosure of Material Information & Trading in Shares & Securities” for guidance. COMMUNICATIONS TO THE PUBLIC Last Reviewed: March 2026 Current versions of approved documents are maintained online. Printed copies are uncontrolled. Page 3 of 7 3. SPOKESPERSONS The primary spokespersons for the Company are the CEO, Chief Operating Officer (“COO”), CFO, Executive Vice President and Chief Sustainability Officer, Vice President, Sustainability & Communications, Vice President, Investor Relations, Director, Strategic Communications & Content Strategy and Manager, Media & Issues Management. Within each business unit, the chief executive of that business unit is a designated spokesperson for that business unit. These spokespersons may, from time to time, designate others to communicate on behalf of the Company either in their absence or in response to a specific enquiry or category of enquiry. The spokespersons named above shall keep a current written list of other such designated spokespersons and shall ensure that the list is available to the communications departments in each of Suncor’s businesses, including the corporate office. Suncor Personnel other than the appropriate designated spokespersons shall not issue communications to nor respond to enquiries about Suncor from the media, members of the investment community, or other members of the public. Suncor Personnel shall promptly refer all such enquiries to the appropriate designated spokesperson or, in cases of doubt, the Vice President, Sustainability & Communications or the Vice President, Investor Relations. 4. RUMOURS It is Suncor’s standard policy not to confirm or deny market rumours or speculation. If a stock exchange or a securities regulatory authority requests the Company to issue a statement in response to such rumours or speculation, the Material Information Committee will consider the matter and authorize the appropriate response. In addition, the Vice President, Investor Relations or Vice President, Sustainability & Communications, may, where it is deemed appropriate, in their discretion, and where it will not otherwise constitute selective disclosure or otherwise contravene this PG&S, correct misinformation in the public domain that may arise from spurious rumours that are not widespread and not reasonably expected to impact the market. 5. COMMUNICATIONS WITH FINANCIAL ANALYSTS & INVESTORS The CEO, COO, CFO or Vice President, Investor Relations, must approve all written materials and oral presentations to the investment community, including financial analysts and investors. All such presentations shall be derived from the Company’s public disclosure record and shall be vetted by one of the foregoing or a delegate, and by the Disclosure Committee, to ensure consistency and conformity with same. Under no circumstances shall material information be provided to any person (including without limitation any member of the media or investment community) prior to general disclosure (this practice, which is unlawful, is called “Selective Disclosure”), except under the limited circumstances permitted by Securities Laws. 1 The CEO, COO, CFO or Vice President, Investor Relations, or their delegates, will attend all meetings with the investment community. Unless authorized by a member of the Material Information Committee, at least two designated spokespersons from the Company must be present at all meetings with the investment community. 6. INADVERTENT SELECTIVE DISCLOSURE If material information is inadvertently disclosed selectively, the Company will take immediate action to achieve general disclosure of the material information as soon as possible, and in any event within 24 hours of discovering there has been inadvertent Selective Disclosure. The Material Information Committee will be promptly informed of such inadvertent Selective Disclosure and may provide direction as to any steps to be taken by the Company pending general disclosure, which may include requesting a trading halt. 1 Under Securities Laws, certain information may be disclosed without violating the law, where disclosure is in the necessary course of business and is made in circumstances designed to ensure there will be no misuse of the information. In appropriate circumstances, this exception could cover, on a “need to know” basis, vendors, suppliers or strategic partners, employees, officers and board members, lenders, legal counsel, auditors, financial advisors, underwriters, parties to negotiations, labor unions and industry associations, government agencies and regulators, and credit rating agencies. Under these circumstances a written confidentiality agreement or other assurance of confidentiality is required to ensure the information will not be used unlawfully. Only those persons expressly authorized to disclose information in these circumstances may do so. This exception does not permit a company to make a selective disclosure to the media, an analyst, an institutional investor or other market professional. COMMUNICATIONS TO THE PUBLIC Last Reviewed: March 2026 Current versions of approved documents are maintained online. Printed copies are uncontrolled. Page 4 of 7 7. CONFERENCE CALLS Suncor maintains a policy of open communication with stakeholders subject to business exigencies including maintenance of Suncor’s competitive position, and compliance with legal obligations including confidentiality obligations and Securities Laws. Accordingly, where practical, Suncor will hold conference calls for the purpose of discussing annual and quarterly earnings, outlook and outlook updates, and major corporate developments. All such conference calls shall be preceded by a news release and Suncor web site announcement describing how the call may be accessed, and may also be announced by direct invitations to analysts, investors, the media and other particular interest groups, to permit all interested persons to participate either on an interactive or “ ” basis, as appropriate in the circumstances. In general, the public will be provided with “ ” access to investor and media conference calls. An audio recording of the call will be made available to the public on the Company’s web site for a period of 90 days following the date of the conference call. 8. ANNUAL OUTLOOK The Company shall issue an annual outlook before or early in each financial year to assist the investment community in understanding the Company’s expectations for key performance factors. The performance factors to be addressed in the outlook will be determined by the CFO and/or the Vice President, Investor Relations. Prior to issuance, the outlook release shall be vetted by the Company’s Disclosure Committee and reviewed and approved by the Audit Committee of the Company’s board of directors. The outlook shall be reviewed quarterly and otherwise at such time or times as the CFO determines. In addition, should any material events or circumstances occur that the CFO reasonably believes will materially alter the issued outlook including any update thereto, the Company shall promptly issue an update. The Company shall establish and implement reasonable due diligence procedures for preparation of the outlook and updates thereto. The Company’s outlook and all updates to same shall be broadly and publicly disseminated. 9. NEWS RELEASES All news releases issued by Suncor containing business information that would be of general interest to the investment community or that contains otherwise sensitive information, must be approved by Corporate legal counsel. Ideally the following additional approvals are required, in addition to approval by Corporate legal counsel, prior to these documents being issued: TYPE OF INFORMATION APPROVAL BY: Information relevant to the investment community Vice President, Investor Relations, CFO, COO and CEO, or delegate Financial or other quantitative information that has not been previously disclosed CFO or Vice President, Controller, or delegate* Other sensitive information The applicable Executive or Senior Vice President, the COO, the CEO, or delegate Material information See “Material Announcements” below *In some circumstances the release of significant financial information may require approval of the Audit Committee of the Company’s board of directors and of the Disclosure Committee, as determined by the CFO or Vice President and Controller in accordance with criteria approved by the Audit Committee from time to time. As news releases may have to be issued on short notice, there may be circumstances where not all approvals will be obtained on a timely basis. In that situation the Vice President, Sustainability & Communications or the Director, External Communications, together with those approving officers who are available to provide approval, shall exercise judgment in making a decision to release news even though all approvals have not been obtained. COMMUNICATIONS TO THE PUBLIC Last Reviewed: March 2026 Current versions of approved documents are maintained online. Printed copies are uncontrolled. Page 5 of 7 In all cases, it is the responsibility of the Director, External Communications to ensure the information contained is accurate and aligned with prior disclosure and future business strategies. This may mean that review by a variety of experts in Corporate and/or the business units, may also be required. 10. SPEECHES AND PUBLIC PRESENTATIONS When Suncor Personnel are asked to make a public presentation on behalf of Suncor, if they will be presenting information that is not already on the public record, they must ensure that they have, or receive, the authorization of a designated spokesperson. All speeches or other public presentations that contain previously undisclosed business information that would be of general interest to the investment community, or that contain otherwise sensitive information, must also be approved in the same manner as news releases (see above) and in addition, must be approved by the Vice President, Sustainability & Communications or the Director, External Communications. Except with the approval of the Material Information Committee, material announcements shall not be made solely through speeches or public presentations, but rather must be made in a manner which constitutes broad public dissemination, discussed below. 11. MATERIAL ANNOUNCEMENTS Material announcements shall be made in a manner that constitutes broad public dissemination of information in accordance with applicable Securities Laws. Where practical, material announcements shall be made in the manner specified under Section 2 of this PG&S. In addition, if practical, the following actions will be taken in conjunction with material announcements: · If a stock exchange upon which Suncor’s securities are listed is open for trading at the time of a proposed material announcement, prior notice of the possibility of such material announcement will be provided to the market surveillance department to enable a trading halt, if deemed necessary. · Pending the public release of the material information, and if deemed necessary by the Material Information Committee, a trading ban will be implemented for all Suncor personnel who have knowledge of the information, pending general disclosure of the information. · Section 10 of this PG&S applies to all material announcements. In addition, the Material Information Committee may at any time impose additional requirements relating to material announcements. 12. REVIEW OF ANALYST REPORTS Except in a quiet period (see “Quiet Period” below), the Vice President, Investor Relations, or other officer of the Company designated by the CEO, COO, CFO or Vice President, Investor Relations, may review financial analyst’s reports or models upon request. Comment on same shall be limited to factual information and underlying assumptions, provided that no such comment shall be made that would constitute prohibited Selective Disclosure . Under no circumstances shall a financial analyst’s report or opinions expressed therein be confirmed, denied or corrected by the Company (including without limitation by expression of comfort or discomfort with same) either explicitly or implicitly. COMMUNICATIONS TO THE PUBLIC Last Reviewed: March 2026 Current versions of approved documents are maintained online. Printed copies are uncontrolled. Page 6 of 7 13. DISTRIBUTION OF ANALYST REPORTS Distribution of analyst reports by Suncor by any means other than internal distribution on a need to know basis (including without limitation by web site hyperlink or posting) is prohibited, as such a practice could be deemed to be endorsement of the views of the analyst by the Company. However, Suncor may maintain on its web site a list of analysts covering the Company, with analyst contact information, provided that (1) Suncor has the analysts (or analyst firm’s) consent; and (2) the listing is kept current and contains a list of ALL analysts reasonably known covering the Company. 14. FORWARD LOOKING INFORMATION Suncor shall not provide forecasts or projections of future earnings (“Forward Looking Financial Information, or “FOFI”) unless such FOFI has been specifically authorized by the CFO or CEO or included in a document that has been approved by Suncor’s board of directors or the Audit Committee thereof. However, the Company may make forward looking statements that do not constitute FOFI to enable the public to view the Company and its prospects and plans through the eyes of management. Such forward looking statements may include information relating to expected production growth or decline based on known factors and trends, capital spending plans, plans for new projects and other aspects of the Company’s business. Forward looking statements in written documents will be clearly identified as forward looking. These statements will be accompanied with meaningful and proximate cautionary language that warns investors that there is a risk the statements could change materially, identifies material assumptions upon which the forward looking statements are based and where appropriate and practical includes a sensitivity analysis to indicate the extent to which different business conditions could affect actual outcomes. Oral forward looking statements, including such statements in conference calls, speeches or at shareholder or investor meetings, will be similarly qualified with oral cautionary statements to the same effect. Forward looking statements will also be accompanied by a statement that disclaims the Company’s intention or obligation to update or revise same, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, unless the Company is otherwise required to do so under relevant securities laws. Notwithstanding this disclaimer, where management believes any material forward looking statement was materially inaccurate when given, or in light of subsequent events or circumstances becomes materially inaccurate, Suncor shall take appropriate steps to update or correct such forward looking information by appropriate means. 15. QUIET PERIOD Designated spokespersons will not comment to the media or investment community about the Company’s earnings prospects during the quarterly “quiet periods” which will begin when the preliminary quarterly financial results (“quick fix”) are circulated internally, and end following broad public dissemination of such financial results. The sole exception to the foregoing is that the Company may update its quarterly outlook during a quiet period by broad public dissemination of a guidance release and by analyst/media conference call in accordance with the procedures outlined in this standard, and may comment on its quarterly guidance update for a brief period of time after public release if such comment is limited to the public record (including the update and associated analyst / media call) and does not constitute Selective Disclosure . 16. INTERNET, INTRANET, EXTRANET AND SOCIAL MEDIA Suncor maintains Internet, Intranet and Extranet sites and Social Media (as defined in Suncor’s Social Media Standard) that contain information directed to a variety of users including the media, investment community and Suncor Personnel. All such information is considered a public communication and, therefore, is subject to this PG&S. Accordingly, Suncor Personnel who are responsible for the content of Suncor’s communications to the public are also responsible for the content of Suncor’s web sites and Suncor’s Social Media Tools (as defined in Suncor’s Social Media Standard. Such responsible Suncor Personnel shall ensure that the information on the web site and Suncor’s Social Media Tools is , not misleading, and includes appropriate cautionary language where warranted (see “forward looking information”), and shall ensure that no information is included on the web site or Suncor’s Social Media Tools that is material and has not been broadly and publicly disseminated. COMMUNICATIONS TO THE PUBLIC Last Reviewed: March 2026 Current versions of approved documents are maintained online. Printed copies are uncontrolled. Page 7 of 7 17. DISCLOSURE ARCHIVE Suncor shall maintain an archive containing all publicly disclosed information about the Company, which shall include at a minimum, the following: DOCUMENT ARCHIVE RESPONSIBILITY All documents required to be filed under Securities Laws Corporate Legal Department All news releases Corporate Communications All broadly distributed environment and social responsibility reports Corporate Communications All transcripts or audio recordings of conference calls Investor Relations All Investor Relations presentations Investor Relations Public speeches made by senior executives Corporate Communications Such information shall be retained by the responsible department for a minimum period of five years. EXCEPTIONS None REFERENCES TO RELATED DOCUMENTS Business Conduct Policy Statement Standards of Business Conduct Code and Compliance Program PG&S Disclosure of Material information and Trading in Shares and Securities PG&S Conflict of Interest and Confidentiality PG&S Material Information Committee PG&S Disclosure Committee PG&S COMMUNICATIONS TO THE PUBLIC Last Reviewed: March 2026 Suncor Standard Competition Standard Sensitivity: Public Competition Standard The current revision of this approved document is kept online. Printed and digital copies are uncontrolled. 1 of 8 Revision: 1.0 Suncor Standard Competition Standard Sensitivity: Public Owner: General Counsel Approver: General Counsel First Effective: Last Updated: Last Reviewed: Reviewed: Annually Refer to the Suncor Governing Documents (SGD) site to find, create, update or request deviations from SGDs. For additional guidance or help, please refer to the Suncor Governing Document FAQ . The current revision of this approved document is kept online. Printed and digital copies are uncontrolled. Controlled Document 2 of 8 Revision: 1.0 Suncor Standard Competition Standard Sensitivity: Public Summary of Changes Revision : 1.0 Date: ( ) Location of Change Summary of Change Entire Document This document supersedes the Competition PG&S ( ) and has been updated to the current Suncor Governing Documents template. The current revision of this approved document is kept online. Printed and digital copies are uncontrolled. 3 of 8 Revision: 1.0 Suncor Standard Competition Standard Sensitivity: Public Contents Summary of Changes 3 Contents 4 1 About this Standard 5 2 Competition Requirements 6 The current revision of this approved document is kept online. Printed and digital copies are uncontrolled. 4 of 8 Revision: 1.0 Suncor Standard Competition Standard Sensitivity: Public 1 About this Standard Purpose The purpose of this Standard is to describe the requirements to ensure that Suncor complies with applicable competition and laws. Scope This Standard applies to all Suncor Personnel and forms part of Suncor’s Standards of Business Conduct Code and Compliance Program. Target Audience This Standard applies to Suncor Energy Inc., its subsidiaries and any joint ventures operated by Suncor Energy Inc. or its subsidiaries (collectively “Suncor” or “the company” or “ ”). As used in this document, “Suncor Personnel” includes directors, officers, employees and contingent workers of Suncor. Conformance Expectations Conformance to this Standard is required upon the date of approval. Suncor Personnel must also comply with the requirements of applicable laws and regulations relating to the matters covered by this Standard. If a deviation to this Standard is required, you must follow the governing documents deviation process. Suncor Personnel who violate this Standard will be subject to appropriate remedial and/or disciplinary action, up to and including termination of employment or termination of contract. No retaliation or reprisals will be tolerated against any individual who, in good faith, complains of, reports or participates in the investigation of any incident of an alleged violation of this Standard. If you have witnessed behaviour that is contrary to this Standard, you are strongly encouraged to report the incident. Introduction All Suncor Personnel have an obligation to comply with applicable competition and laws and obtain approval of the Legal Affairs team that supports their business unit or function in circumstances that could give rise to competition and risks. The current revision of this approved document is kept online. Printed and digital copies are uncontrolled. 5 of 8 Revision: 1.0 Suncor Standard Competition Standard Sensitivity: Public 2 Competition Requirements The following provides the requirements applicable to all Suncor Personnel. Prohibited Agreements 2.1.1 Suncor Personnel must never agree with a Suncor competitor to: (a) fix prices for the supply of a product; (b) allocate markets for the supply of a product; or (c) restrict the production or supply of a product. Bidding 2.1.2 If Suncor is considering submitting a bid to a third party, never discuss the matter with another potential bidder or agree with another potential bidder to bid/not bid without the prior written approval of the Legal Affairs team that supports your business unit or function. Misleading Advertising 2.1.3 All Suncor advertising, promotional materials, contests and similar content must be reviewed and approved (in writing) by Legal Affairs before public disclosure. Contact the Legal Affairs team that supports your business unit or function for assistance. Trade Associations, Technical Organizations 2.1.4 If you participate in any trade associations, technical organizations or similar bodies with employees of other industry participants, ensure you understand what Suncor related information you can share in those forums. Discuss with your leader and contact the Legal Affairs team that supports your business unit or function for assistance if necessary. The current revision of this approved document is kept online. Printed and digital copies are uncontrolled. 6 of 8 Revision: 1.0 Suncor Standard Competition Standard Sensitivity: Public Dominant Market Behaviour 2.1.5 Before commencing any activity that could result in competitors being eliminated or excluded from a market, you must obtain the prior written approval of the Legal Affairs team that supports your business unit or function. Joint Ventures 2.1.6 Suncor participates with competitors in joint ventures, including joint bids or joint research and development projects. You must contact the Legal Affairs team that supports your business unit or function and obtain prior written approval before entering into these types of arrangements. The current revision of this approved document is kept online. Printed and digital copies are uncontrolled. 7 of 8 Revision: 1.0 Suncor Standard Competition Standard Sensitivity: Public Boycotts 2.1.7 Never agree with another party to boycott or refuse to deal with another business without the prior written approval from the Legal Affairs group that supports your business unit or function. Vendors, Suppliers and Contractors 2.1.8 Before requiring any vendor, supplier or contractor that provides goods and/or services to Suncor to purchase goods and/or services from Suncor as a condition of the relationship, you must obtain the prior written approval of the Legal Affairs team that supports your business unit or function. This requirement does not apply to crude oil or other product exchanges. The current revision of this approved document is kept online. Printed and digital copies are uncontrolled. 8 of 8 Revision: 1.0 Suncor Standard Confidentiality Standard Sensitivity: Public Confidentiality Standard The current revision of this approved document is kept online. Printed and digital copies are uncontrolled. 1 of 7 Revision: 1.0 Suncor Standard Confidentiality Standard Sensitivity: Public Owner: General Counsel Approver: General Counsel First Effective: Last Updated: Last Reviewed: Reviewed: Annually Refer to the Suncor Governing Documents (SGD) site to find, create, update or request deviations from SGDs. For additional guidance or help, please refer to the Suncor Governing Document FAQ . The current revision of this approved document is kept online. Printed and digital copies are uncontrolled. Controlled Document 2 of 7 Revision: 1.0 Suncor Standard Confidentiality Standard Sensitivity: Public Summary of Changes Revision : 1.0 Date: ( ) Location of Change Summary of Change Entire Document This document has been separated into its own standard and supersedes the Conflict of Interest and Confidentiality PG&S ( ). This document has also been updated to the current Suncor Governing Documents template. The current revision of this approved document is kept online. Printed and digital copies are uncontrolled. 3 of 7 Revision: 1.0 Suncor Standard Confidentiality Standard Sensitivity: Public Contents Summary of Changes 3 Contents 4 1 About this Standard 5 2 Confidentiality Requirements 6 3 Confidentiality Guidance 6 4 References 7 The current revision of this approved document is kept online. Printed and digital copies are uncontrolled. 4 of 7 Revision: 1.0 Suncor Standard Confidentiality Standard Sensitivity: Public 1 About this Standard Purpose The purpose of this Standard is to outline the requirement that all Suncor Personnel must safeguard Suncor’s information. Scope This Standard applies to all Suncor Personnel and forms part of Suncor’s Standards of Business Conduct Code and Compliance Program. Target Audience This Standard applies to Suncor Energy Inc., its subsidiaries and any joint ventures operated by Suncor Energy Inc. or its subsidiaries (collectively “Suncor” or “the company” or “ ”). As used in this document, “Suncor Personnel” includes directors, officers, employees and contingent workers of Suncor. Conformance Expectations Conformance to this Standard is required upon the date of approval. Suncor Personnel must also comply with the requirements of applicable laws and regulations relating to the matters covered by this Standard. If a deviation to this Standard is required, you must follow the governing documents deviation process. Suncor Personnel who violate this Standard will be subject to appropriate remedial and/or disciplinary action, up to and including termination of employment or termination of contract. No retaliation or reprisals will be tolerated against any individual who, in good faith, complains of, reports or participates in the investigation of any incident of an alleged violation of this Standard. If you have witnessed behaviour that is contrary to this Standard, you are strongly encouraged to report the incident. Introduction All Suncor Personnel have an obligation to safeguard Suncor’s information in accordance with Suncor’s policies and standards. The current revision of this approved document is kept online. Printed and digital copies are uncontrolled. 5 of 7 Revision: 1.0 Suncor Standard Confidentiality Standard Sensitivity: Public 2 Confidentiality Requirements All Suncor Personnel The following provides the requirements applicable to all Suncor Personnel. 2.1.1 Suncor Personnel must safeguard the confidentiality of Suncor information in accordance with Suncor’s policies and standards, including the Information Sensitivity Classification Standard. 2.1.2 Suncor Personnel must not share, distribute or otherwise disclose Suncor information, except in accordance with Suncor’s policies and standards, including the Communications to the Public Standard. 3 Confidentiality Guidance What is Suncor information? Suncor information is information that has not been publicly disclosed by Suncor (and includes information classified as “Internal”, “Restricted” and “Confidential” under the Information Sensitivity Classification Standard). Examples of information include: i. business opportunities, including all ventures considered by Suncor, whether or not they are pursued; ii. production methods, including designs, formulae, techniques, processes, computer programs and knowledge about equipment and machinery; iii. financial information, including Suncor's costs, sales, income, profits, salaries and wages; iv. technical processes, inventions, research methods, test results and any other form of innovation or development; v. customer information, including customer names and addresses, markets, knowledge of Suncor's contracts with its customers, and details of pricing, marketing and supply strategies. The current revision of this approved document is kept online. Printed and digital copies are uncontrolled. 6 of 7 Revision: 1.0 Suncor Standard Confidentiality Standard Sensitivity: Public 4 References Background Documents The following document(s) provide additional information that may be of interest or provide additional support for this standard. · Information Sensitivity Classification Standard · Communications to the Public Standard The current revision of this approved document is kept online. Printed and digital copies are uncontrolled. 7 of 7 Revision: 1.0 Suncor Standard Conflict of Interest Standard Sensitivity: Public Conflict of Interest Standard The current revision of this approved document is kept online. Printed and digital copies are uncontrolled. 1 of 9 Revision: 1.0 Suncor Standard Conflict of Interest Standard Owner: General Counsel Approver: General Counsel First Effective: Last Updated: Last Reviewed: Reviewed: Annually Refer to the Suncor Governing Documents (SGD) site to find, create, update or request deviations from SGDs. For additional guidance or help, please refer to the Suncor Governing Document FAQ . The current revision of this approved document is kept online. Printed and digital copies are uncontrolled. 2 of 9 Controlled Document Revision: 1.0 Suncor Standard Conflict of Interest Standard Sensitivity: Public Summary of Changes Revision : 1.0 Date : ( ) Location of Change Summary of Change Entire Document This document has been separated into its own standard and supersedes the Conflict of Interest and Confidentiality PG&S ( ). This document has also been updated to the current Suncor Governing Documents template. The current revision of this approved document is kept online. Printed and digital copies are uncontrolled. 3 of 9 Revision: 1.0 Suncor Standard Conflict of Interest Standard Sensitivity: Public Contents Summary of Changes 3 Contents 4 1 About this Standard 5 2 Conflict of Interest Requirements 6 3 Conflict of Interest Guidance 7 4 References 9 The current revision of this approved document is kept online. Printed and digital copies are uncontrolled. 4 of 9 Revision: 1.0 Suncor Standard Conflict of Interest Standard Sensitivity: Public 1 About this Standard Purpose The purpose of this Standard is to describe the requirements regarding conflicts of interest. Scope This Standard applies to all Suncor Personnel and forms part of Suncor’s Standards of Business Conduct Code and Compliance Program. Target Audience This Standard applies to Suncor Energy Inc., its subsidiaries and any joint ventures operated by Suncor Energy Inc. or its subsidiaries (collectively “Suncor” or “the company” or “ ”). As used in this document, “Suncor Personnel” includes directors, officers, employees and contingent workers of Suncor. Conformance Expectations Conformance to this Standard is required upon the date of approval. Suncor Personnel must also comply with the requirements of applicable laws and regulations relating to the matters covered by this Standard. If a deviation to this Standard is required, you must follow the governing documents deviation process. Suncor Personnel who violate this Standard will be subject to appropriate remedial and/or disciplinary action, up to and including termination of employment or termination of contract. No retaliation or reprisals will be tolerated against any individual who, in good faith, complains of, reports or participates in the investigation of any incident of an alleged violation of this Standard. If you have witnessed behaviour that is contrary to this Standard, you are strongly encouraged to report the incident. Introduction All Suncor Personnel have an obligation to try and avoid being in a potential conflict of interest situation with Suncor. If an individual finds themselves in a potential conflict, in the interests of transparency and full disclosure and to protect both Suncor and the individual concerned, Suncor Personnel must disclose the situation to their leader and the Compliance & Ethics legal team and comply with any directions provided in response that are intended to address or mitigate the potential risks. The current revision of this approved document is kept online. Printed and digital copies are uncontrolled. 5 of 9 Revision: 1.0 Suncor Standard Conflict of Interest Standard Sensitivity: Public 2 Conflict of Interest Requirements All Suncor Personnel The following provides the requirements applicable to all Suncor Personnel. 2.1.1 Anyone who has a potential conflict of interest must immediately and fully disclose the matter in writing to their leader and the Compliance & Ethics legal team (via email at complianceandethics@suncor.com). 2.1.2 Individuals must comply with any direction and guidance received from their leader, HR representative or from the Compliance & Ethics legal team to address or mitigate the potential conflict of interest. 2.1.3 Individuals who make a potential conflict of interest declaration must disclose any change in circumstances that may cause Suncor to reconsider its position. Leadership, HR, Compliance & Ethics The following provides the requirements applicable to all Suncor Leaders, HR personnel and the Compliance & Ethics legal team. 2.1.4 A leader or HR representative who receives a conflict of interest declaration must promptly consult with the Compliance & Ethics legal team, who will assist in assessing the conflict to: · Determine whether the conflict can be mitigated; · What steps the individual must take to mitigate the potential conflict of interest (if applicable); and · Develop a response to the individual who made the declaration. 2.1.5 After consulting with the Compliance & Ethics legal team, the leader, HR representative or the Compliance & Ethics legal team will provide the individual who made the declaration with written direction and guidance with respect to the potential conflict. 2.1.6 Copies of all documentation pertaining to the matter will be retained by the Compliance & Ethics legal team. The current revision of this approved document is kept online. Printed and digital copies are uncontrolled. 6 of 9 Revision: 1.0 Suncor Standard Conflict of Interest Standard Sensitivity: Public 3 Conflict of Interest Guidance What is a conflict of interest? A conflict of interest arises when an individual's course of action or decision could at least create the appearance that the individual is acting other than in Suncor’s best interests. Examples Appearances can be as damaging as actions. Individuals should not only avoid actual conflict situations, they should also avoid placing themselves in positions that may be perceived as conflicts. Each case depends on the specific facts and will be judged on its own merits. Accordingly, it is not possible to identify all the scenarios which may give rise to a conflict of interest. It is up to each individual, when in doubt, to err on the side of reporting the matter. The following, however, outlines several examples of potential conflicts: 1. Involvement in outside interests (e.g. doing consulting work for others, operating a side business, running for political office, being involved in charitable activities, etc.) which may compromise an individual’s ability to act solely in the best interests of Suncor. 2. Participating in outside interests to the extent that it interferes with an individual’s ability to devote their full time and attention to their Suncor duties or safely and effectively do their Suncor job. 3. Participating in a hiring decision concerning a family member or close friend. 4. Having a reporting relationship with a family member or close friend. 5. Participating in a procurement decision, supervising or directing work or approving invoices relating to a Suncor supplier when the individual has a personal connection to the supplier (e.g. the individual’s spouse or child works at the supplier, the supplier is owned by the employee, a family member or close friend, etc.). 6. Having an ownership interest in a competitor, supplier or any other business which does or seeks to do business with Suncor. 7. Sitting on the board of directors of a competitor, supplier or any other business which does or seeks to do business with Suncor. The current revision of this approved document is kept online. Printed and digital copies are uncontrolled. 7 of 9 Revision: 1.0 Suncor Standard Conflict of Interest Standard Sensitivity: Public 8. Acceptance of gifts, entertainment or favours which go beyond customary courtesies usually associated with accepted business practice and which could at least make it appear that the individual’s judgment concerning the party offering the gifts, entertainment or favours is compromised. The current revision of this approved document is kept online. Printed and digital copies are uncontrolled. 8 of 9 Revision: 1.0 Suncor Standard Conflict of Interest Standard Sensitivity: Public 4 References Background Documents The following document(s) provide additional information that may be of interest or provide additional support for this standard. · Directors, Officers, Trustees and Board Members of Outside Organizations Standard The current revision of this approved document is kept online. Printed and digital copies are uncontrolled. 9 of 9 Revision: 1.0 Suncor Standard Directors, Officers, Trustees and Board Members of Outside Organizations Standard Sensitivity: Public Directors, Officers, Trustees and Board Members of Outside Organizations Standard The current revision of this approved document is kept online. Printed and digital copies are uncontrolled. 1 of 11 Revision: 1.0 Suncor Standard Directors, Officers, Trustees and Board Members of Outside Organizations Standard Sensitivity: Public Owner: General Counsel Approver: General Counsel First Effective: Last Updated: Last Reviewed: Reviewed: Annually Refer to the Suncor Governing Documents (SGD) site to find, create, update or request deviations from SGDs. For additional guidance or help, please refer to the Suncor Governing Document FAQ . The current revision of this approved document is kept online. Printed and digital copies are uncontrolled. 2 of 11 Controlled Document Revision: 1.0 Suncor Standard Directors, Officers, Trustees and Board Members of Outside Organizations Standard Sensitivity: Public Summary of Changes Revision : 1.0 Date : ( ) Location of Change Summary of Change Entire Document This document supersedes the Directors, Officers, Trustees and Board Members of Outside Organizations PG&S ( ) and has been updated to the current Suncor Governing Documents template. The current revision of this approved document is kept online. Printed and digital copies are uncontrolled. 3 of 11 Revision: 1.0 Suncor Standard Directors, Officers, Trustees and Board Members of Outside Organizations Standard Sensitivity: Public Contents Summary of Changes 3 Contents 4 1 About this Standard 5 2 Disclosure and Approval Requirements 7 3 Insurance and Expenses Requirements 11 4 References 11 The current revision of this approved document is kept online. Printed and digital copies are uncontrolled. 4 of 11 Revision: 1.0 Suncor Standard Directors, Officers, Trustees and Board Members of Outside Organizations Standard Sensitivity: Public 1 About this Standard Purpose The purpose of this Standard is to describe the requirements for disclosing and, if required, approving existing or proposed service as a director, officer or trustee of: (a) an external organization; (b) a charity or other organization; or (c) a Suncor entity or outside organization Scope This Standard applies to all Suncor Personnel and forms part of Suncor’s Standards of Business Conduct Code and Compliance Program. Target Audience This Standard applies to Suncor Energy Inc., its subsidiaries and any joint ventures operated by Suncor Energy Inc. or its subsidiaries (collectively “Suncor” or “the company” or “ ”). As used in this document, “Suncor Personnel” includes directors, officers, employees and contingent workers of Suncor. However, this Standard does not apply to members of Suncor’s board of directors who are not also employees of Suncor. Conformance Expectations Conformance to this Standard is required upon the date of approval. Suncor Personnel must also comply with the requirements of applicable laws and regulations relating to the matters covered by this Standard. If a deviation to this Standard is required, you must follow the governing documents deviation process. Suncor Personnel who violate this Standard will be subject to appropriate remedial and/or disciplinary action, up to and including termination of employment or termination of contract. The current revision of this approved document is kept online. Printed and digital copies are uncontrolled. 5 of 11 Revision: 1.0 Suncor Standard Directors, Officers, Trustees and Board Members of Outside Organizations Standard Sensitivity: Public No retaliation or reprisals will be tolerated against any individual who, in good faith, complains of, reports or participates in the investigation of any incident of an alleged violation of this Standard. If you have witnessed behaviour that is contrary to this Standard, you are strongly encouraged to report the incident. Introduction In the interests of transparency and full disclosure and to protect both Suncor and the individual concerned, Suncor Personnel must disclose and, in certain cases, obtain approval for any existing or proposed position to serve as a director, officer or trustee of an outside organization. The current revision of this approved document is kept online. Printed and digital copies are uncontrolled. 6 of 11 Revision: 1.0 Suncor Standard Directors, Officers, Trustees and Board Members of Outside Organizations Standard Sensitivity: Public 2 Disclosure and Approval Requirements The following provides the requirements applicable to all Suncor Personnel. External Organizations 2.1.1 Any individual who serves or proposes to serve as a director, officer or trustee of an external organization must disclose the particulars to their leader and the Compliance & Ethics legal team. See below for details regarding the disclosure process. Examples of external organizations include: · Privately held businesses. · Publicly traded companies. · Corporations established to hold real estate or other investments. · Family trusts. · Other types of legal entities established for the purpose of generating a profit. 2.1.2 If service as a director, officer or trustee of an external organization would create a potential conflict of interest, the position must be approved by the senior leader of the applicant’s business unit or function and Suncor’s General Counsel. A potential conflict of interest in the external organization context could include: · The position could interfere with the individual’s ability to devote their full time and attention to their Suncor duties. · The organization is a Suncor vendor or contractor or could seek to do business with Suncor. · The organization competes with Suncor. · The position could harm Suncor’s reputation. 2.1.3 For employees at the General Manager and above levels, service as a director, officer or trustee of an external organization must in all cases be approved by the senior leader of the applicant’s business unit or function, the General Counsel and the President and Chief Executive Officer. The current revision of this approved document is kept online. Printed and digital copies are uncontrolled. 7 of 11 Revision: 1.0 Suncor Standard Directors, Officers, Trustees and Board Members of Outside Organizations Standard Sensitivity: Public Charities & Other Organizations 2.1.4 Any individual who proposes to serve as a director, officer or trustee of a charity or other organization must disclose the particulars to their leader and, if the position would create a potential conflict of interest, disclose the particulars to the Compliance and Ethics legal team and obtain approval from the senior leader of the applicant’s business unit or function and the General Counsel. A potential conflict of interest in the charity or organization context could include: · The position could interfere with the individual’s ability to devote their full time and attention to their Suncor duties. · The organization is adverse in interest to Suncor or the energy industry generally. · The position could harm Suncor’s reputation. · The position is with a public board, commission, regulator, agency or other body that Suncor engages with. · The position is with a charity or other organization funded by the Suncor Energy Foundation. 2.1.5 Unless approved in advance, Suncor Personnel participating in charities or other organizations do not have commitment authority from Suncor or the Suncor Energy Foundation relating to funding or sponsorship. 2.1.6 Suncor Personnel participating in charities or other organizations that seek funding or sponsorship from the Suncor Energy Foundation must notify the Suncor Energy Foundation that they are associated with the organization in advance of the request (if they are aware), or as soon as practical afterwards upon becoming aware. The notification to the Suncor Energy Foundation must include the nature of the association (such as if the individual is a director, officer or trustee of the charity or organization) and any other details requested by the Suncor Energy Foundation. The current revision of this approved document is kept online. Printed and digital copies are uncontrolled. 8 of 11 Revision: 1.0 Suncor Standard Directors, Officers, Trustees and Board Members of Outside Organizations Standard Sensitivity: Public Suncor Entities & Outside Organizations 2.1.7 If Suncor requests an individual to become a director, officer or trustee of a Suncor entity (where Suncor has 1% or greater share ownership) or an outside organization (e.g. an industry or trade association), no disclosure or approval is required. Disclosure and Approval Process 2.1.8 Disclosures to the Compliance & Ethics legal team and applications for approval must be submitted through the form included in the annual Standards of Business Conduct training and affirmation course (available in the learning module of Workday) or by email (to complianceandethics@suncor.com ) with a copy to the individual’s leader. 2.1.9 All disclosures must include enough information to allow Suncor to understand the benefits to Suncor and the individual, the potential impact on the individual’s Suncor duties, and any reputational or other risks that could arise. This includes, as applicable: · Description of position, anticipated duties, time commitment, and benefits to the individual and to Suncor, including details of any remuneration (if applicable); · Names of other directors, officers or trustees and a description of the organization’s activities, ownership, future plans, etc.; · If the position is with an external organization, whether the organization is a Suncor vendor or contractor (or could seek to do business with Suncor), whether the organization is a competitor of Suncor and whether the organization is now, or has previously been involved in litigation with Suncor, and · Description of the individual’s previous service as a director, officer or trustee. The current revision of this approved document is kept online. Printed and digital copies are uncontrolled. 9 of 11 Revision: 1.0 Suncor Standard Directors, Officers, Trustees and Board Members of Outside Organizations Standard Sensitivity: Public 2.1.10 Notwithstanding Sections 2.1.2, 2.1.3 and 2.1.4: 2.1.10.1 If the applicant is the General Counsel, approval is required from the President and Chief Executive Officer; and 2.1.10.2 If the applicant is the President and Chief Executive Officer, approval is required from the board of directors. 2.1.11 If approved, the individual will be provided with written direction on any steps the individual must take to appropriately manage and mitigate the risks to Suncor. 2.1.12 Applications for approval and related decisions and directions to the individual will be retained on file by the Compliance & Ethics legal team. The current revision of this approved document is kept online. Printed and digital copies are uncontrolled. 10 of 11 Revision: 1.0 Suncor Standard Directors, Officers, Trustees and Board Members of Outside Organizations Standard Sensitivity: Public 3 Insurance and Expenses Requirements Insurance and Expenses If Suncor requests an individual to serve as a director, officer or trustee of a Suncor entity or an outside organization: 3.1.1 The individual will be indemnified by Suncor for any claims (other than misconduct or gross negligence) that may be brought against them by reason of having served as a director, officer or trustee of that organization, subject to applicable legal limitations. 3.1.2 Suncor Personnel are also eligible for certain coverage under Suncor's directors' and officers' liability insurance policy (which has certain limits and exclusions). Contact the Manager Treasury – Insurance for details. 3.1.3 Suncor Personnel may accept and retain remuneration or reimbursed expenses specifically related to their service as director, officer or trustee. 4 References Background Documents The following document(s) provide additional information that may be of interest or provide additional support for this standard. · Conflict of Interest Standard The current revision of this approved document is kept online. Printed and digital copies are uncontrolled. 11 of 11 Revision: 1.0 Suncor Standard Equal Opportunity and Inclusion Policy Equal Opportunity and Inclusion Policy Effective Date: On Date Approved Owned by: VP HR Talent, Learning & Total Rewards Reviewed every 5 years Livelink ID: 692958857 Controlled Document Copyright © 2020 Suncor Energy Inc. All rights reserved. The current revision of this approved document is kept online. Printed and digital copies are uncontrolled. 1 of 4 Revision: 1.1 Suncor Standard Equal Opportunity and Inclusion Policy 1 About this Policy Target Audience This Policy applies to Suncor Energy Inc., its subsidiaries and any joint ventures which are operated by Suncor Energy Inc. or its subsidiaries (collectively “Suncor” or “the company” or “ ”). As used in this document, “Suncor Personnel” includes directors, officers, employees and independent contractors (formerly referred to as contract workers) of Suncor as well as employees of any joint ventures which are operated by Suncor. 2 Equal Opportunity and Inclusion Policy 2.1 Policy Statement Inclusion We value and benefit from a respectful, inclusive and collaborative culture, which contributes to stronger performance, and a healthier workplace. We will provide a work environment that encourages mutual respect and positive working relationships where everyone can thrive and feel a sense of belonging. Equal Opportunity We will provide equal opportunity for consideration for employment and advancement based on business needs, job requirements, skills, ability and potential, in accordance with all applicable laws and regulations to individuals who are qualified to perform job requirements. Support Diversity We will celebrate and support the unique experiences and voices of our people by fostering a psychologically safe work environment and work to eliminate barriers that prevent the full participation of employees. 2.2 Guiding Principles Suncor is committed to take reasonable measures to: Eliminate Discrimination Eliminate discrimination and promote equality and diversity through our policies, practices and procedures. The current revision of this approved document is kept online. Printed and digital copies are uncontrolled. 2 of 4 Revision: 1.1 Suncor Standard Equal Opportunity and Inclusion Policy Remove Barriers Remove systemic and programmatic barriers to workplace participation and progression so that individuals have the opportunity to fully contribute and pursue their potential. Equity Undertake special efforts to attract and facilitate employment of diverse groups. The current revision of this approved document is kept online. Printed and digital copies are uncontrolled. 3 of 4 Revision: 1.1 Suncor Standard Equal Opportunity and Inclusion Policy Summary of Changes This Summary shows: · The location of each change within the document · All changes to this document since it was last approved and published Location of Change Summary of Change Entire Document This is the initial revision of the document. Section 1 Rev 1.1 ( ) – Update to Target Audience statement R# Requirements changed in the new revision will be identified with a revision triangle beside it. The current revision of this approved document is kept online. Printed and digital copies are uncontrolled. 4 of 4 Revision: 1.1 Suncor Standard Material Information and Trading in Suncor Securities Standard Sensitivity: Public Material Information and Trading in Suncor Securities Standard The current revision of this approved document is kept online. Printed and digital copies are uncontrolled. 1 of 13 Revision: 1.0 Suncor Standard Material Information and Trading in Suncor Securities Standard Sensitivity: Public Owner: General Counsel Approver: General Counsel First Effective: Last Updated: Last Reviewed: Reviewed: Annually Refer to the Suncor Governing Documents (SGD) site to find, create, update or request deviations from SGDs. For additional guidance or help, please refer to the Suncor Governing Document FAQ . The current revision of this approved document is kept online. Printed and digital copies are uncontrolled. 2 of 13 Controlled Document Revision: 1.0 Suncor Standard Material Information and Trading in Suncor Securities Standard Sensitivity: Public Summary of Changes Revision : 1.0 Date: ( ) Location of Change Summary of Change Entire Document This document combines and supersedes the Disclosure of material information and trading in shares and securities PG&S ( ) and the Reporting Insiders PG&S ( ). This document has also been updated to the current Suncor Governing Documents template. The current revision of this approved document is kept online. Printed and digital copies are uncontrolled. 3 of 13 Revision: 1.0 Suncor Standard Material Information and Trading in Suncor Securities Standard Sensitivity: Public Contents Summary of Changes 3 Contents 4 1 About this Standard 5 2 Material Information Requirements 6 3 Prohibition on Short Selling and the purchase of certain financial instruments 8 4 Trading Blackouts Applicable to All Suncor Personnel 9 5 Reporting Insiders 11 6 References 13 The current revision of this approved document is kept online. Printed and digital copies are uncontrolled. 4 of 13 Revision: 1.0 Suncor Standard Material Information and Trading in Suncor Securities Standard Sensitivity: Public 1 About this Standard Purpose The purpose of this Standard is to describe the requirements concerning Material Information (defined below), trading in Suncor securities (such as common shares or stock options) and blackout periods. This Standard also outlines the requirements applicable to Restricted Persons and Reporting Insiders (defined below). Scope This Standard applies to all Suncor Personnel and forms part of Suncor’s Standards of Business Conduct Code and Compliance Program. Target Audience This Standard applies to Suncor Energy Inc., its subsidiaries and any joint ventures operated by Suncor Energy Inc. or its subsidiaries (collectively “Suncor” or “the company” or “ ”). As used in this document, “Suncor Personnel” includes directors, officers, employees and contingent workers of Suncor. Conformance Expectations Conformance to this Standard is required upon the date of approval. Suncor Personnel must also comply with the requirements of applicable laws and regulations relating to the matters covered by this Standard. If a deviation to this Standard is required, you must follow the governing documents deviation process. Suncor Personnel who violate this Standard will be subject to appropriate remedial and/or disciplinary action, up to and including termination of employment or termination of contract. No retaliation or reprisals will be tolerated against any individual who, in good faith, complains of, reports or participates in the investigation of any incident of an alleged violation of this Standard. If you have witnessed behaviour that is contrary to this Standard, you are strongly encouraged to report the incident. The current revision of this approved document is kept online. Printed and digital copies are uncontrolled. 5 of 13 Revision: 1.0 Suncor Standard Material Information and Trading in Suncor Securities Standard Sensitivity: Public 2 Material Information Requirements Reporting and Trading The following requirements are applicable to all Suncor Personnel. 2.1.1 Suncor Personnel who become aware of information that is or potentially may be Material Information that has not been publicly disclosed must immediately report it to their leader and to Suncor’s corporate legal team and must not discuss it with anyone else unless otherwise instructed. “ Material Information ” means any information that significantly affects or would reasonably be expected to have a significant effect on the market price or value of Suncor securities. information about Suncor is generally considered to be “material” if there is a substantial likelihood that a reasonable investor would consider the information important in deciding whether to purchase, sell, or hold a Suncor security, or what value the investor would place on the Suncor security. 2.1.2 Suncor Personnel must not trade in Suncor shares or other Suncor securities, including acquiring Suncor shares through the exercise of a stock option, with knowledge of undisclosed Material Information regarding Suncor and must not engage in any other action to take personal advantage of such undisclosed Material Information. Material Information is considered publicly disclosed after it has been accurately published and widely disseminated (through major newswire services, national news services and/or financial news services) and at least one full trading day has elapsed from the time of disclosure by Suncor to permit evaluation of the information by the investing public. Suncor Personnel must not attempt to “beat the market” by trading simultaneously with, or shortly after, the official release of Material Information. Trading in shares or other securities of Suncor is not made permissible merely because Material Information is reflected in rumours or other unofficial statements in the market place. The current revision of this approved document is kept online. Printed and digital copies are uncontrolled. 6 of 13 Revision: 1.0 Suncor Standard Material Information and Trading in Suncor Securities Standard Sensitivity: Public 2.1.3 Suncor Personnel must not inform other people of undisclosed Material Information or encourage others to trade in Suncor shares or other Suncor securities before the Material Information has been publicly disclosed. The only exception to this trading prohibition is for purchase of shares under an automatic purchase plan, such as the Suncor savings plan, pursuant to which the timing of trading, the number of shares to be traded and the price payable or receivable are established in advance without any knowledge of undisclosed Material Information and is not subject to a subsequent exercise of discretion while in possession of undisclosed Material Information. 2.1.4 Suncor Personnel must not trade in the shares or other securities of another organization with knowledge of undisclosed Material Information regarding Suncor and/or such other organization and must not engage in any other action to take personal advantage of such undisclosed Material Information. Suncor Personnel may become aware of undisclosed Material Information regarding another organization as a result of Suncor’s activity with that other organization (for example, Suncor may be involved in a joint venture or other project or transaction with that organization). Information not material to Suncor may be material to another organization. Suncor Personnel may be aware of undisclosed Material Information of Suncor or of another organization that may influence the share price of such other organization. Trading in the shares or other securities of such organizations is prohibited while in possession of undisclosed Material Information. 2.1.5 If you become aware, or suspect, that persons are trading in shares or other securities with undisclosed Material Information, or are informing others of undisclosed Material Information, you should immediately advise the corporate legal team. The current revision of this approved document is kept online. Printed and digital copies are uncontrolled. 7 of 13 Revision: 1.0 Suncor Standard Material Information and Trading in Suncor Securities Standard Sensitivity: Public 3 Prohibition on Short Selling and the purchase of certain financial instruments “Short Selling” and Hedging The following requirements are applicable to all Suncor Personnel. 3.1.1 Suncor Personnel must not engage in short selling Suncor shares or purchasing financial instruments (including puts, options, calls, prepaid variable forward contracts, equity swaps, collars or units of exchange funds) that are designed to hedge or offset a decline in the market value of Suncor shares or other securities. The current revision of this approved document is kept online. Printed and digital copies are uncontrolled. 8 of 13 Revision: 1.0 Suncor Standard Material Information and Trading in Suncor Securities Standard Sensitivity: Public 4 Trading Blackouts Applicable to All Suncor Personnel Quarterly and Annual Blackouts The following requirements are applicable to all Suncor Personnel. 4.1.1 Suncor Personnel must not transact in Suncor shares or other Suncor securities two trading days prior to the day of the announcement of Suncor’s quarterly and annual financial results, or during the one full trading day after the announcement is made. For example, if quarterly results are announced on a Tuesday after market closing, trading would be prohibited during Monday/Tuesday, and during Wednesday, being one trading day after the announcement. Routine transactions, such as purchases and sales of Suncor shares, exercises of options, elections to change participation levels under the Suncor savings plan are all “transactions” prohibited during blackout periods. Transfers to trusts and other changes in the nature of your ownership -- for example, transferring shares from an unregistered investment account to your RRSP -- even if there is no net change -- are also transactions. Finally, a “transaction” includes not only your own personal transactions, but also transactions in Suncor securities which you beneficially own or over which you exercise control or direction (e.g. shares held in a family trust). Extended Blackouts The following requirements are applicable to all Restricted Persons. 4.1.2 Restricted Persons are prohibited from engaging in transactions in Suncor securities during four annual scheduled blackout periods. The blackout periods commence on the first day of the month following each quarter end, including , and continue until the opening of trading on the second trading day following the public disclosure of Suncor's financial results. The current revision of this approved document is kept online. Printed and digital copies are uncontrolled. 9 of 13 Revision: 1.0 Suncor Standard Material Information and Trading in Suncor Securities Standard Sensitivity: Public “ Restricted Persons ” are comprised of the following Suncor Personnel: · All members of the Board of Directors of Suncor Energy Inc. and any of Suncor Energy Inc.’s major subsidiaries (as identified by Suncor’s corporate legal team); · All Executive Leadership Team members; · All Vice Presidents; · All other persons who report directly to a member of the Executive Leadership Team; and · All other personnel designated as a Restricted Person from time to time. For scheduled blackout periods, refer to the Trading Blackout Calendar published by the Corporate Secretary’s Office (available on the Core). Trading Bans 4.1.3 Restricted Persons must comply with all trading bans. If you receive notice of such a ban, you must comply regardless of whether you know why the ban has been imposed, and without the consent of the General Counsel you must not disclose to any other person the fact that such a ban has been imposed . Notice of a trading ban is generally communicated by email to your Suncor email account, or verbally followed up by email notification. If you do not have access to your Suncor email account (e.g. while on vacation), you are still responsible to ensure that there is no trading ban in place before transacting in any Suncor securities. Designating Restricted Persons 4.1.4 All Vice Presidents, General Managers and Suncor employees with the title of Director are responsible for identifying employees on their teams that have access to information about Suncor’s quarterly and/or annual results prior to public disclosure. The relevant leader must notify the office of the Corporate Secretary of the name and position of these individuals. The Corporate Secretary’s office will inform the designated individuals, via email, that they have been so designated, and also inform them of their obligations under this Standard. A list of Restricted Persons will be maintained by the Corporate Secretary. The current revision of this approved document is kept online. Printed and digital copies are uncontrolled. 10 of 13 Revision: 1.0 Suncor Standard Material Information and Trading in Suncor Securities Standard Sensitivity: Public 5 Reporting Insiders Filing Requirements The following requirements are applicable to all Reporting Insiders. 5.1.1 Reporting Insiders must disclose their beneficial ownership of, or direct or indirect control or direction over, any Suncor security, including: · Suncor shares; · Public debt instruments issued by Suncor; · Options and stock appreciation rights (“SARs”) granted under one of Suncor’s incentive plans; and · Restricted stock units (“RSUs”), performance share units (“PSUs”), climate performance share units (“CPSUs”), deferred share units (“DSUs”) or any other units issued under one of Suncor’s incentive plans. “ Reporting Insiders ” include the President and Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, all members of the Executive Leadership Team and all members of Suncor’s Board of Directors. 5.1.2 Reporting Insiders must file an initial report within ten (10) calendar days of becoming a Reporting Insider and ongoing insider reports must be filed within five (5) calendar days of any change in ownership of, or interest in, any Suncor security, including: · The purchase or sale of any Suncor shares; · The grant or exercise of an option to purchase Suncor shares under any Suncor incentive plan, or an option terminates unexercised; · The grant, or payout in relation to SARs, RSUs, PSUs, CPSUs, DSUs or any other units issued under one of Suncor’s incentive plans; The current revision of this approved document is kept online. Printed and digital copies are uncontrolled. 11 of 13 Revision: 1.0 Suncor Standard Material Information and Trading in Suncor Securities Standard Sensitivity: Public · The purchase or sale of Suncor debt; or · A change in the manner in which a Reporting Insider holds Suncor securities, e.g. you transfer directly held Suncor shares to a family trust, you transfer common shares from an unregistered investment account to your RRSP or you request a share certificate for shares held in your Suncor savings plan. 5.1.3 Insider reports must be filed electronically on the “System for Electronic Disclosure for Insiders”, or “SEDI”, located at www.sedi.ca . Reporting Insiders are responsible to ensure that insider reports and the “insider profile” are properly filed on SEDI on a timely basis and are accurate and complete. 5.1.4 Unless otherwise instructed, Suncor’s corporate legal team will file a Reporting Insider’s insider reports for events related to issuances, grants or exercises of Suncor securities pursuant to Suncor’s incentive plans. 5.1.5 Reporting Insiders must notify Suncor’s corporate legal team of any events that trigger a reporting obligation within two (2) calendar days following the event (other than grants of Suncor securities made to a Reporting Insider or a payout in relation to Suncor’s incentive plans which will be filed by Suncor’s corporate legal team pursuant to 5.1.4 above). These reporting requirements can be deferred for the automatic purchase of Suncor securities, such as under the Suncor savings plan or any dividend reinvestment plan. If completing your filings, Suncor will rely on an exemption to defer the reporting requirements for filings made in connection with the Suncor savings plan (unless the filing relates to an ad hoc purchase of Suncor shares), a dividend reinvestment plan and in the case of directors, DSUs. If relying on the exemption, an annual report disclosing, on a transaction- basis or in an acceptable summary form, must be filed by March 31 of each year in respect of unreported acquisitions under these plans up to and including December 31 of the preceding year. 5.1.6 Corporate legal will assist a Reporting Insider with filing reports related to Suncor for other events triggering a filing obligation provided they have been notified of the details of the event giving rise to the obligation. Reporting Insiders are responsible for reviewing the filing and informing Suncor’s corporate legal team of any discrepancies in a timely manner to ensure the report is correct. The current revision of this approved document is kept online. Printed and digital copies are uncontrolled. 12 of 13 Revision: 1.0 Suncor Standard Material Information and Trading in Suncor Securities Standard Sensitivity: Public Regardless of whether a Reporting Insider files their own reports, or has their reports completed and filed on their behalf by their legal counsel or any other person, both Suncor and securities regulators will look to the Reporting Insider as being responsible for ensuring that insider reports are accurately completed and filed on a timely basis and that the insider profile filed under SEDI is accurate and complete. A failure to accurately file insider reports in a timely manner can attract regulatory consequences and the insiders’ names may be published by securities regulators. 5.1.7 A Reporting Insider should contact Suncor’s corporate legal team immediately if they believe that they own or are considering purchasing any security or financial instrument of Suncor, other than Suncor securities discussed above, or are a party to or are considering entering into any agreement that affects their economic exposure to Suncor. 5.1.8 Reporting Insiders who cease to be “insiders” for securities law purposes (generally, this will occur when a Reporting Insider leaves the employ of Suncor or ceases to be a director) must file an amendment to their insider profile on SEDI. 6 References Background Documents The following document(s) provide additional information that may be of interest or provide additional support for this standard. · Communications to the Public Standard The current revision of this approved document is kept online. Printed and digital copies are uncontrolled. 13 of 13 Revision: 1.0 Suncor Standard Prevention of Improper Payments Standard Sensitivity: Public Prevention of Improper Payments St

[truncated]