Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 33 ITEM 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk. 53 ITEM 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 55 ITEM 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 118 ITEM 9A. Controls and Procedures. 118 ITEM 9B. Other Information. 118 ITEM 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 118 PART III 119 ITEM 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 119 ITEM 11. Executive Compensation. 119 ITEM 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 119 ITEM 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 119 ITEM 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 120 PART IV 121 ITEM 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules. 121 ITEM 16. Form 10-K Summary. 130 SIGNATURES 131 3 PART I CAUTIONARY NOTE CONCERNING STATEMENTS Certain statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K constitute statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including statements regarding our business, marketing and operating strategies, integration of acquired businesses, new product and service offerings, financial prospects and anticipated sources and uses of capital. Words such as “anticipate,” “assume,” “believe,” “continue,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “future,” “intend,” “plan,” “potential,” “predict,” “project,” “strategy,” “target” and similar terms, and future or conditional tense verbs like “could,” “may,” “might,” “should,” “will” and “would,” among other terms of similar substance used in connection with any discussion of future operating or financial performance identify statements. Where, in any statement, we express an expectation or belief as to future results or events, such expectation or belief is expressed in good faith and believed to have a reasonable basis, but there can be no assurance that the expectation or belief will result or be accomplished. The following is a list of some, but not all, of the factors that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those anticipated: • more intense competitive pressure from existing or new competitors in the industries in which we operate; • reduced spending on domestic and foreign television advertising, due to macroeconomic, industry or consumer behavior trends or unexpected reductions in our number of subscribers; • uncertainties associated with product and service development and market acceptance, including the development and provision of programming for new television and telecommunications technologies, and the success of our streaming services; • market demand for foreign and existing content libraries; • negative publicity or damage to our brands, reputation or talent; • realizing subscriber goals; • disagreements with our distributors or other business partners; • continued consolidation of distribution customers and production studios; • industry trends, including the timing of, and spending on, sports programming, feature film, television and television commercial production; • the possibility or duration of an strike, such as the strikes of the Writers Guild of America (“WGA”) and Screen Actors Federation of Television and Radio Artists (“ ”) in 2023, player or other job action affecting a major entertainment industry union, athletes or others involved in the development and production of our sports programming, television programming, feature films and interactive entertainment (e.g., games) who are covered by collective bargaining agreements; • inherent uncertainties involved in the estimates and assumptions used in the preparation of financial forecasts; • our level of debt, including the significant indebtedness incurred in connection with the acquisition of the WarnerMedia Business, and our future compliance with debt covenants; • changes to our corporate or credit ratings or outlook; • unforeseen costs, execution risks, and operational challenges related to our efforts to integrate the WarnerMedia Business; • changes in, or failure or inability to comply with, laws and government regulations, including, without limitation, regulations of the U.S. government and other international governments, the Federal Communications Commission and similar authorities internationally and data privacy regulations; • adverse outcomes of legal proceedings or disputes, including those related to our acquisition of the WarnerMedia Business, or adverse outcomes from regulatory proceedings; • threatened or actual and cybersecurity breaches; • theft of our content and unauthorized duplication, distribution and exhibition of such content; and • general economic and business conditions, fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, global events such as pandemics, natural disasters impacting the geographic areas where our businesses and operations are located, and political uncertainty or unrest in the markets in which we operate. statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties which change over time, are based on management’s expectations and assumptions at the time the statements are made and are not guarantees of future results. 4 These risks have the potential to impact the recoverability of the assets recorded on our balance sheets, including goodwill and other intangibles. Management’s expectations and assumptions, and the continued validity of any statements we make, cannot be foreseen with certainty and are subject to change due to a broad range of factors affecting the U.S. and global economies and regulatory environments, factors specific to Warner Bros. Discovery and other factors described under Item 1A, “Risk Factors” and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including under Item 7, “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.” Actual outcomes and results may differ materially from what is expressed in our statements and from our historical financial results due to the factors discussed in this section and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K or disclosed in our other SEC filings. These statements and such risks, uncertainties, and other factors speak only as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and we expressly disclaim any obligation or undertaking to disseminate any updates or revisions to any statement contained herein, to reflect any change in our expectations with regard thereto, or any other change in events, conditions or circumstances on which any such statement is based. ITEM 1. Business. For convenience, the terms “Warner Bros. Discovery”, “WBD”, the “Company,” “we,” “us” or “our” are used in this Annual Report on Form 10-K to refer to both Warner Bros. Discovery, Inc. and collectively to Warner Bros. Discovery, Inc. and one or more of its consolidated subsidiaries, unless the context otherwise requires. Industry Trends The WGA and went on strike in May and July 2023, respectively, following the expiration of their respective collective bargaining agreements with the Alliance of Motion Picture and Television Producers (“AMPTP”). The WGA strike ended on September 27, 2023, and a new collective bargaining agreement was ratified on October 9, 2023. The strike ended on November 9, 2023, and a new collective bargaining agreement was ratified on December 5, 2023. The strikes had a material impact on the operations and results of the Company in 2023, including a pause on certain theatrical and television productions. Effects included a positive impact on cash flow from operations attributed to delayed production spend, and a negative impact on the results of operations attributed to timing and performance of the 2023 film slate, as well as the Company’s ability to produce, license, and deliver content. The Company experienced content completion and delivery delays in the first quarter of 2024 due to the pause in television and theatrical productions in 2023, but did not experience any material impacts for the remainder of 2024. Other headwinds in the industry, such as continued pressures on linear distribution and continued softness in the U.S. linear advertising market, have had, and are expected to continue to have, a material impact on the operations and results of the Company, including a negative impact on the results of operations attributed to declines in linear advertising revenue. In addition, declines in linear subscribers are expected to continue. The increase of digital advertising available in the marketplace has also resulted in, and is expected to continue to result in, increased competition for advertising expenditures for both traditional linear networks and tiers in streaming services. We continue to closely monitor the ongoing impact of industry trends to our business; however, the full effects on our operations and results will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted. Description of Business Warner Bros. Discovery is a leading global media and entertainment company that creates and distributes a differentiated and comprehensive portfolio of content and products across television, film, streaming, interactive gaming, publishing, themed experiences, and consumer products through brands including: Discovery Channel, Max, CNN, DC Studios, TNT Sports, HBO, Food Network, TLC, TBS, Warner Bros. Motion Picture Group, Warner Bros. Television Group, Warner Bros. Games, Adult Swim, Turner Classic Movies, and others. We are home to one of the largest collections of owned content in the world with assets and intellectual property across sports, news, lifestyle, and entertainment in most languages and regions of the globe. We create some of the content using our renowned library, beloved franchises, and acclaimed creative expertise to serve our audiences and consumers. Our asset mix strongly positions us to execute our key strategies: grow our (“DTC”) business globally, enhance our Studios segment, and manage our linear networks for the best possible success in order to create value for our shareholders. 5 We generate revenue from fees charged to distributors that carry our network brands and programming, including cable, (“DTH”) satellite, telecommunication and digital service providers, as well as through DTC subscription services (distribution revenue); the sale of advertising on our networks and digital platforms (advertising revenue); the release of feature films for initial exhibition in theaters, the licensing of feature films and television programs to various television, subscription video on demand (“SVOD”) and other digital markets, distribution of feature films and television programs in the physical and digital home entertainment markets, sales of console games and mobile content, sublicensing of sports rights, and licensing of intellectual property such as characters and brands (content revenue); and other sources such as studio tours and production services (other revenue). Corporate Reorganization On December 12, 2024, the Company announced that its board of directors had authorized the Company to implement a new corporate structure designed to enhance the Company’s strategic flexibility and create potential opportunities to unlock shareholder value. Under the new corporate structure, the Company will serve as the parent company for two distinct operating divisions: Global Linear Networks and Streaming & Studios. To facilitate the implementation of this new structure and the movement of entities and assets to align with the new operating divisions, on January 1, 2025, the Company completed certain transactions, including (1) a merger of Discovery Holding Company with and into a newly formed subsidiary of WarnerMedia Holdings, Inc. (the “DHC Merger”) and (2) a merger of a second newly formed subsidiary of WarnerMedia Holdings, Inc. with and into Scripps Networks Interactive, Inc. (the “Scripps Merger”). As a result of the DHC Merger, Discovery Communications, LLC became an indirect subsidiary of WarnerMedia Holdings, Inc. As a result of the Scripps Merger, Scripps Networks Interactive, Inc. became a direct subsidiary of WarnerMedia Holdings, Inc. Segments As of December 31, 2024, we classified our operations in three reportable segments: • Studios - Our Studios segment primarily consists of the production and release of feature films for initial exhibition in theaters, production and initial licensing of television programs to our networks/DTC services as well as third parties, distribution of our films and television programs to various third party and internal television and streaming services, distribution through the home entertainment market (physical and digital), related consumer products and themed experience licensing, and interactive gaming. • Networks - Our Networks segment primarily consists of our domestic and international television networks. • DTC - Our DTC segment primarily consists of our premium and streaming services. Our segment presentation aligns with our management structure and the financial information management uses to make decisions about operating matters, such as the allocation of resources and business performance assessments. Financial information for our segments and the geographical areas in which we do business is set forth in Item 7, “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and Note 23 to the consolidated financial statements included in Item 8, “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Studios WBD’s Studios business includes the Warner Bros. Motion Picture Group (“WBMPG”), DC Studios, Warner Bros. Television Group (“WBTVG”), Consumer Products, Themed Entertainment and Brand Licensing, DC Comics Publishing, Content Licensing, Home Entertainment, Studio Operations, and Interactive Gaming. WBMPG is comprised of Warner Bros. Pictures, New Line Cinema, and Warner Bros. Pictures Animation . WBMPG partners with captivating storytellers to create filmed entertainment for a global audience. DC Studios, tasked with developing properties licensed from DC Comics for film, television, animation, and games, continues the tradition of storytelling within the DC Universe, while building a sustainable growth business out of the iconic characters. WBTVG consists of Warner Bros. Television, the Company’s flagship television production unit for scripted programming, as well as Warner Bros. Unscripted Television , which produces unscripted and alternative programming through its four production units – Warner Horizon Unscripted Television, Telepictures , Warner Bros. International Television Production, and Shed Media . WBTVG also includes Warner Bros. Animation, Cartoon Network Studios, and Studios Europe . 6 Among the Studios segment’s content highlights for 2024 were Dune: Part Two, Beetlejuice, Beetlejuice and Godzilla x Kong: The New Empire on the film side, with Warner Bros. Discovery becoming the first studio to cross the $1 billion mark at the worldwide box office that year. TV titles for 2024 include Abbott Elementary , Shrinking, and The Voice. As of December 31, 2024, the new series The Penguin remains one of the debut seasons globally of any current HBO or Max show, behind only House of the Dragon and The Last of Us . Beyond its production operations, the Studios segment includes various businesses that facilitate consumer interaction with the intellectual property it creates. Global Consumer Products, Themed Entertainment and Brand Licensing, and comic and publishing powerhouse DC Comics, all drive opportunities for consumers to engage with WBD’s leading entertainment brands and franchises. Global distribution of most of WBD’s content is handled by Content Sales , which provides content for viewers across streaming, cable, satellite and broadcast networks, local television stations, and airlines. Warner Bros. Home Entertainment oversees the global distribution of content through physical goods ( Disc™ and DVD) and digital media in the form of electronic and via cable, satellite, online, and mobile channels. The Studios segment also includes Warner Bros. Games , a worldwide publisher, developer, licensor, and distributor of content for the interactive space across all platforms, including console, handheld, mobile, and gaming for both internal and game titles. In September 2024, WBD announced a new global structure for the Company’s worldwide studio tours, retail destinations, touring exhibitions, and all experiences. WBD Global Experiences brings together the previous Global Themed Entertainment licensing group and the Studio Tours & Retail owned and operated group into a single worldwide division to develop and execute on global strategies that offer partners a mix of both group models, putting WBD in a position to drive growth and become a worldwide leader in the creation, development, licensing, and operation of entertainment inspired by Harry Potter , DC, Looney Tunes, , Game of Thrones , Friends , Discovery and more. For the year ended December 31, 2024, content and other revenues were 92% and 8%, respectively, of total revenues for this segment. Networks WBD’s linear network operations include general entertainment, lifestyle, and news networks in the U.S., as well as a host of international media networks and global sports networks. General and lifestyle entertainment networks in the U.S. include TNT , TBS , Turner Classic Movies , OWN , HGTV , Food Network , TLC , Discovery Channel and Adult Swim , among many others. In 2024, CNN , our global news brand, launched CNN International in Europe on Max, giving audiences the ability to access a combination of CNN content and exclusive programming on WBD’s streaming service in Spain, Nordics, Belgium, Netherlands, and Central and Eastern Europe. TNT Sports is a global leader in the delivery of premium sports content. The TNT Sports U.S. portfolio includes expansive, partnerships with the National Basketball Association (“NBA”), Major League Baseball, the National Collegiate Athletic Association (“NCAA”) Division I Men’s Basketball Championship, National Hockey League, United States Soccer Federation, Unrivaled, National Association for Stock Car Auto Racing, , NCAA Big 12 Football and Men’s Basketball, and NCAA Big East Men’s and Women’s Basketball. Additionally, TNT Sports NCAA.com and NCAA March Madness Live, along with NBA Digital including NBA TV, the NBA App and NBA.com. Bleacher Report and House of Highlights, digital destinations for young adult sports fans, are owned and operated by TNT Sports. In March 2024, TNT Sports also premiered a primetime sports programming block on truTV consisting of live sports, original sports shows, and ancillary sports content. TNT Sports in the United Kingdom and Ireland includes live coverage of Australian Open and tennis; Grand Tour cycling; the Union Cycliste Internationale Mountain Bike World Series; World Championship and World Cup winter sports events; British and World Superbikes; snooker; Olympic Games 2026-2032; Premier League; Union of European Football Associations club football; Premiership men’s and women’s rugby; MotoGP; international cricket; Ultimate Fighting Championship and boxing, which are all available on TNT Sports and its streaming home, discovery+. TNT Sports’ platforms include Bleacher Report, Eurosport.com, House of Highlights , Golf Digest, and a full suite of digital and social brands. For the year ended December 31, 2024, distribution, advertising, content, and other revenues were 53%, 36%, 9%, and 2%, respectively, of total revenues for this segment. 7 DTC WBD’s DTC business includes our streaming services, such as Max and discovery+ , and premium services, such as HBO. Our streaming services are available on most mobile and connected TV devices. As of December 31, 2024, we had 116.9 million DTC subscribers 1 . Our strong subscriber growth this year has driven increased revenue and profitability for the DTC segment. In 2025 and 2026, we anticipate additional launches of our streaming services in major markets. HBO is one of the most respected and innovative entertainment brands in the world, serving iconic, programming through the HBO linear channels and our DTC streaming service, Max. In 2024, HBO’s crime drama The Penguin earned positive reviews and grew its audience by 54% from debut to finale. The Penguin also earned Colin Farrell a Golden Globe Award in the category for Best Performance by a Male Actor in a Limited Series, Anthology Series, or a Motion Picture Made for Television. Another standout was True Detective: Night Country , which became the series’ most watched season, receiving 19 Emmy nominations and one win for Jodie Foster’s performance. New HBO series highlights include Dune: Prophecy and Like Water for Chocolate , both of which have already been renewed for a second season. Other hit HBO series that returned to critical acclaim in 2024 included House of the Dragon and Hacks , a Golden Globe winner for Best Television Series - Musical or Comedy. Max is a streaming destination for a variety of programming including HBO Originals, Warner Bros. films, Max Originals, the DC universe, the Wizarding World of Harry Potter, CNN, and programming across food, home, reality, lifestyle, and documentaries from leading brands like HGTV, Food Network, Discovery Channel, and more. Our strategy to grow our DTC business globally delivered success in 2024 with the launch of Max in 73 new markets across Latin America, the Caribbean, Europe, and Asia and the addition of 19.3 million global subscribers to our DTC products. In 2025, our content pipeline for HBO and Max includes the highly anticipated returns of The White Lotus , The Last of Us , Hacks , ...And Just Like That , Peacemaker , and The Gilded Age, as well as the series premieres of It: Welcome to Derry and The Eastern Gate . discovery+ is WBD’s , subscription-based streaming service. discovery+ features a wide range of series across popular passion verticals, including lifestyle and relationships; home and food; true crime; paranormal; adventure and natural history; science, tech, and the environment; and a slate of documentaries. discovery+ highlights for 2024 included the premiere of Quiet on Set and the return of the Curious Case of Natalia Grace . Max and discovery+ currently feature both and versions in most markets. For the year ended December 31, 2024, distribution, advertising, and content revenues were 87%, 8%, and 4%, respectively, of total revenues for this segment. 1 subscriber - We define a “Core DTC Subscription” as: (i) a retail subscription to discovery+, HBO, HBO Max, Max, or a Premium Sports Product (defined below) for which we have recognized subscription revenue, whether directly or through a third party, from a platform; (ii) a wholesale subscription to discovery+, HBO, HBO Max, Max, or a Premium Sports Product for which we have recognized subscription revenue from a arrangement with a third party and where the individual user has activated their subscription; (iii) a wholesale subscription to discovery+, HBO, HBO Max, Max, or a Premium Sports Product for which we have recognized subscription revenue on a per subscriber basis; (iv) a retail or wholesale subscription to an independently-branded, regional product sold on a basis that includes discovery+, HBO, HBO Max, Max, and/or a Premium Sports Product, for which we have recognized subscription revenue (as per (i)-(iii) above); and (v) users on free trials who convert to a subscription for which we have recognized subscription revenue within the first seven days of the calendar month immediately following the month in which their free trial expires. The Company defines a “Premium Sports Product” as a strategically prioritized, product sold on a basis and made available directly to consumers. The current “independently-branded, regional products” referred to in (iv) above consist of TVN/Player and BluTV. Subscribers to multiple WBD DTC products (listed above) are counted as a paid subscriber for each individual WBD DTC product subscription. We may refer to the aggregate number of DTC Subscriptions as “subscribers”. The reported number of “subscribers” included herein and the definition of “DTC Subscription” as used herein excludes: (i) individuals who subscribe to DTC products, other than discovery+, HBO, HBO Max, Max, a Premium Sports Product, and independently-branded, regional products (currently consisting of TVN/Player and BluTV) that may be offered by us or by certain joint venture partners or affiliated parties from time to time; (ii) a limited number of international discovery+ subscribers that are part of partnerships or arrangements as may be identified by the Company from time to time; (iii) domestic and international Cinemax subscribers, and international basic HBO subscribers; and (iv) users on free trials except for those users on free trial that convert to a DTC Subscription within the first seven days of the next month as noted above. Domestic subscriber - We define a Domestic subscriber as a subscription based either in the United States of America or Canada. International subscribe r - We define an International subscriber as a subscription based outside of the United States of America or Canada. 8 COMPETITION Providing content across various distribution platforms is a highly competitive business worldwide. We experience competition for the development and acquisition of content, distribution and sale of our content, sale of commercial time on our networks and viewership. There is competition from other production studios, other television networks, and content providers for the acquisition of content and creative talent such as writers, producers and directors. In addition, the composition of our competitors has evolved with the entrance of new market participants, including companies in adjacent sectors with significant financial, marketing, and other resources, greater efficiencies of scale, fewer regulatory burdens and more competitive pricing. Our ability to produce and acquire popular content is an important competitive factor for the distribution of our content, attracting viewers and the sale of advertising. Our success in securing popular content and creative talent depends on various factors such as the number of competitors providing content that targets the same genre and audience, the distribution of our content, viewership, and the production, marketing and advertising support we provide. Our networks compete with other television networks, including broadcast, cable and local, and with other studios and production companies for the distribution of our content and fees charged to cable television operators, DTH satellite service providers, and other distributors that carry our content. Our ability to secure distribution agreements is necessary to ensure the retention of our audiences. Our contractual agreements with distributors are renewed or renegotiated from time to time in the ordinary course of business. Growth in the number of networks distributed, consolidation and other market conditions in the cable and satellite distribution industry, and increased popularity of other platforms may adversely affect our ability to obtain and maintain contractual terms for the distribution of our content that are as favorable as those currently in place. The ability to secure distribution agreements is dependent upon the production, acquisition and packaging of content, viewership, the marketing and advertising support and incentives provided to distributors, the product offering across a series of networks within a region, and the prices charged for carriage. Our networks and streaming services, which include Max, HBO Max, and discovery+, compete for the sale of advertising with other television networks, including broadcast, cable, local networks, other content distribution outlets and new market participants for their target audiences and the sale of advertising. Our success in selling advertising is a function of the size and demographics of our audiences, quantitative and qualitative characteristics of the audience of each network, the perceived quality of the network and of the particular content, the brand appeal of the network and ratings as determined by research companies, prices charged for advertising and overall advertiser demand in the marketplace. Our networks, studios and streaming services also compete for their target audiences with all forms of content and other media provided to viewers, including broadcast, cable and local networks, streaming services, and (“VOD”) services, online activities and other forms of news, information and media entertainment. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY We are one of the world’s leading creators, owners and distributors of intellectual property. Our intellectual property assets include copyrights in films, television programs, software, comic books and mobile apps; trademarks in names, logos and characters; patents or patent applications for inventions related to products and services; websites; and licenses of intellectual property rights of various kinds from third parties. We have made and will continue to make investments in developing technology platforms to support our digital products and streaming services, including Max and discovery+, and consider these platforms to be intellectual property assets as well. We are a global media and entertainment company and the protection of our content and brands is of primary importance. To protect our intellectual property assets, we rely upon a combination of copyright, trademark, patent, unfair competition, and internet/domain name statutes and laws, and contract provisions. However, there can be no assurance of the degree to which these measures will be successful. Moreover, effective intellectual property protection may be either unavailable or limited in certain foreign territories, and new legislative or regulatory initiatives could impact our operations. We seek to limit unauthorized use of our intellectual property through a combination of approaches. However, the steps taken to prevent the infringement of our intellectual property by unauthorized third parties may not be effective. Piracy, which encompasses the theft of our signals, and the unauthorized use of our intellectual property in the digital environment, continues to present a threat to revenues from products and services based on our intellectual property. Piracy also includes the unauthorized use of our intellectual property on physical goods. We have a team dedicated to disrupting and curbing piracy and other forms of intellectual property infringement and use external vendors to detect and remove infringements, whether digital in nature or on physical goods. We also engage with intermediaries that facilitate piracy, leverage our membership in a range of industry groups, and initiate enforcement actions, including litigation, to address piracy issues. In general, policing unauthorized use of our products and services and related intellectual property is difficult and costly. Further, new technologies such as generative AI and their impact on our intellectual property rights remain uncertain, and development of the law in this area could impact our ability to protect against infringing uses or result in infringement claims against us. 9 Third parties may challenge the validity or scope of our intellectual property from time to time, and the success of any such challenges could result in the limitation or loss of intellectual property rights. Irrespective of their validity, such claims may also result in substantial costs and diversion of resources which could have an adverse effect on our operations. REGULATORY MATTERS Our businesses are subject to and affected by regulations of U.S. federal, state and local government authorities, and our international operations are subject to laws and regulations of the countries and international bodies, such as the E.U., in which we operate. Content networks, such as those owned by us, are regulated in certain limited respects by the Federal Communications Commission (“FCC”), including some regulations that only apply to content networks affiliated with a cable television operator. Other FCC regulations, although imposed on cable television operators and direct broadcast satellite (“DBS”) operators and other distributors, affect content networks indirectly. The rules, regulations, policies and procedures affecting our businesses are constantly subject to change. These descriptions are summary in nature and describe only the most significant regulations we face; they do not purport to describe all present and proposed laws and regulations affecting our businesses. Program Access The Communications Act (the “Act”) and the FCC’s program access rules prevent a content vendor in which a cable operator has an “attributable” ownership interest from discriminating against unaffiliated multichannel video programming distributors (“MVPDs”), such as cable and DBS operators, in the rates, terms and conditions for the sale or delivery of the vendor’s content networks, on the basis of the . These rules permit the unaffiliated MVPD to initiate a complaint to the FCC against the content vendor and content networks if it believes this rule has been violated. Program Carriage The Act and the FCC’s program carriage rules prohibit MVPDs from favoring their affiliated content networks over unaffiliated, similarly situated content networks in the rates, terms and conditions of their carriage agreements in a manner that unreasonably restrains the ability of the unaffiliated content network to compete fairly. These rules permit the unaffiliated content network to initiate a complaint to the FCC against the MVPD if it believes these rules have been violated, but court decisions interpreting the regulations have made it difficult for us to challenge a distributor’s decision to decline to carry one of our content networks or discriminate against one of our content networks. “ ”/Retransmission Consent The Act imposes “ ” regulations on cable systems, requiring them to carry, as part of their cable service, the signals of most local broadcast television stations in their market if they elect mandatory carriage. DBS systems are also subject to their own rules. The FCC’s implementation of “ ” obligations requires cable operators and DBS providers to give broadcasters preferential access to channel space and favorable channel positions. This reduces the amount of channel space that is available for carriage of our content networks by cable and DBS operators on television. The Act also gives certain broadcasters the choice of opting out of and invoking the right to retransmission consent, which refers to a broadcaster’s right to require MVPDs, such as cable and satellite operators, to obtain the broadcaster’s consent before distributing the broadcaster’s signal to the MVPDs’ subscribers, often at a substantial cost that reduces the content funds available for programmers not affiliated with broadcasters, such as us. Accessibility, Children’s Advertising Restrictions, Emergency Alerts and CALM Act Certain of our content networks and some of our video content must provide and audio description of some of their programming and comply with other regulations designed to make our content more accessible to persons with disabilities. The U.S. Congress, the FCC, and the U.S. Department of Justice periodically consider proposals to implement additional accessibility requirements, and are considering a number of such proposals now, some of which would increase our obligations substantially. Our television programming intended primarily for children 12 years of age and under must comply with certain limits on the amount and type of permissible advertising, and certain regulations extend to our digital products when they are referenced by web address in our television programming. We may not include actual or simulated emergency alert tones or signals in our content. Commercials embedded in our networks’ television content stream also must adhere to certain standards for ensuring that those commercials are not transmitted at louder volumes than our program material. Obscenity Restrictions MVPDs are prohibited from transmitting obscene content, and our distribution agreements generally require us to refrain from including such content on our networks. 10 Regulation of Digital Products and Services We operate a variety of free, advertising-based and subscription-based digital products and streaming services providing news, information and entertainment to consumers in the U.S. and international markets via web, mobile and connected TV platforms. In some cases, those products and services are provided directly to consumers, and in other cases, they can be used and/or purchased through a distributor, such as Xfinity or Hulu. Our digital products and services are subject to federal and state laws in the U.S. relating to the privacy and security of personal information collected from our users, including laws pertaining to the acquisition of personal information from children. Some examples of these laws include the federal Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA), the federal Controlling the Assault of Pornography and Marketing Act (CAN SPAM), the Video Privacy Protection Act (VPPA), and the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA). Additional U.S. state and federal laws addressing data security and data breach notification obligations also may apply to the Company in some instances. These laws and their public and private enforcement are continually evolving. More than a dozen comprehensive U.S. state privacy laws have taken effect in the last few years, and a number of others have been introduced and may pass in the future. Additional U.S. federal and state laws and regulations apply or may be adopted with respect to our digital products and services, covering such issues as data privacy and security, the online safety of children and teens, dissemination or moderation of content, advertising, competition, pricing, content, copyrights and trademarks, access by persons with disabilities, distribution, taxation and characteristics and quality of products and services. The scope of regulation may differ depending on how these products and services are used and/or purchased. In addition, the FCC from time to time considers whether some or all digital services should be considered MVPDs and regulated as such, or otherwise subjected to rules that apply to traditional communications providers. Such determination would increase our regulatory burdens substantially. Intellectual Property Laws and Regulations Our intellectual property assets are discussed under “Business – Intellectual Property” above. Our content, whether distributed over broadcast, cable, DBS, wireless, or services, or through other means, is protected under intellectual property law, including copyright, trademark, patent, unfair competition, and internet/domain name statutes and laws and license agreements . Changes to these laws and regulations could either strengthen or weaken our ability to license and protect our content and combat its theft or misuse. Foreign Laws and Regulations The foreign jurisdictions in which our products and services are offered have, in varying degrees, laws and regulations governing our businesses, including relating to the production, monetization and distribution of content. By way of example, our digital offerings available to consumers in international jurisdictions are subject to laws and regulations relating to, without limitation, consumer protection, data privacy and security, advertising, competition, intellectual property, and content limitations. Similar to the U.S., new laws and regulations in international jurisdictions may be adopted with respect to our intellectual property, products and services. In particular, we face increased efforts in international jurisdictions to regulate streaming services, which may constrain our offerings. Further, international laws and regulations around intellectual property could limit our ability to license and protect our content, as well as impose additional burdens on our business. HUMAN CAPITAL As of December 31, 2024, we had approximately 35,000 employees, including and employees of our subsidiaries and consolidated ventures, with 50% located in the U.S. and 50% located outside of the U.S. We are a business, aiming to attract, develop, and motivate top talent throughout our company. To support these objectives, our people and culture programs are designed to provide competitive, benefits, performance-based pay, and nonfinancial support and incentives. We also strive to enhance our culture through efforts aimed at making our workplace engaging and inclusive, and to develop our talent to prepare them for critical roles and leadership positions for the future. We also provide opportunities for our employees to make an impact in their communities through social good initiatives around the world. Some examples of our people and culture programs and initiatives are described below. Compensation Our compensation philosophy is to pay for performance, encourage excellence and reward employees who innovate and deliver results. Our compensation programs are designed to implement our compensation philosophy by: • paying competitively, across salary grades and geographies; • applying compensation policies in an internally consistent manner; and • incentivizing our employees to deliver on our short- and objectives. 11 Benefits We provide an array of benefits and programs that support our employees in their personal and professional lives. Highlights include: • local medical, dental, and vision plans in many countries around the world to support our employees with access to health care, supplementing any health care; • wellness centers in our New York, Los Angeles, Atlanta, and Chiswick (London) offices, fitness centers in our New York, Los Angeles and Atlanta offices, and access to virtual fitness classes and wellbeing programs; • family support programs, including childcare in certain offices, childcare locator services, childcare, maternity/paternity leave, adoption assistance and elder care; • tools and resources to support the mental wellbeing of our employees and their families, including mental health counselors in our wellness centers and a confidential, dedicated line for employees to contact and speak with a counselor in the event they need mental health support; • products and services to support employees’ financial wellbeing, including life, accident, and disability insurance plans, discount benefits, financial planning tools, a 401(k) savings plan in the U.S. and retirement/pension plans in over 20 countries, with competitive contributions from the Company for employees at all levels; and • offering an employee stock purchase plan, which allows certain employees globally (where legislation permits) an opportunity to buy WBD Series A common stock (“WBD common stock”) at a discounted price through convenient payroll deductions with no commission charges. Learning and Development Our Global Learning & Development (“L&D”) team provides learning opportunities for employees around the world. The L&D team uses a variety of delivery methods suitable to the content and audience, including live sessions, virtual workshops, webinars, and asynchronous online learning through our global learning management platform. The L&D team also provides tuition reimbursement for eligible courses. AVAILABLE INFORMATION All of our filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”), including reports on Form 10-K, Form 10-Q, and Form 8-K, and all amendments to such filings are available free of charge at the investor relations section of our website, ir.wbd.com, as soon as reasonably practicable after such material is filed with, or furnished to, the SEC. Our annual report, corporate governance guidelines, code of business ethics, audit committee charter, compensation committee charter, and nominating and corporate governance committee charter are also available on our website. In addition, we will provide a printed copy of any of these documents, free of charge, upon written request to: Investor Relations, Warner Bros. Discovery, Inc., 230 Park Avenue South, New York, NY 10003. Additionally, the SEC maintains a website at www.sec.gov that contains quarterly, annual and current reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC, including the Company. We also routinely post on our website news releases, announcements and other statements about our business and results of operations, some of which may contain information that may be deemed to be material to investors. Therefore, we encourage investors to monitor our website and review the information we post there. The information contained on our website is not part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and is not incorporated by reference herein. 12 ITEM 1A. Risk Factors. Investing in our securities involves risk. In addition to the other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, you should consider the following risk factors before investing in our securities. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently believe not to be material may also adversely impact our business, results of operations, financial position and cash flows. Risks Related to Our Business and Industry Our businesses operate in highly competitive industries and if we are unable to compete effectively, our business, financial condition and results of operations could suffer. The media and entertainment industries in which we compete for viewers, distribution and advertising are highly competitive. See the discussion under “Business – Competition” that appears above. We face increased competitive pressure for talent, content, audiences, subscribers, service providers, advertising spending and production infrastructure. We compete with a broad range of companies engaged in media, entertainment and communications services, some of whom have interests in multiple media and entertainment businesses that are often vertically integrated, all vying for consumer time, attention and discretionary spending. In addition, the composition of our competitors has evolved with the entrance of new market participants, including companies in adjacent sectors with significant financial, marketing and other resources, greater efficiencies of scale, fewer regulatory burdens and more competitive pricing. Such competitors could also have preferential access to important technologies, customer data or other competitive information. Our competitors may also consolidate or enter into business combinations or alliances that strengthen their competitive positions. Our ability to compete successfully depends on a number of factors, including our ability to consistently acquire and produce high quality content and our ability to identify and successfully execute strategies and partnerships to distribute our content amidst a rapidly evolving competitive landscape. In addition, new technology, including generative artificial intelligence (“AI”), is evolving rapidly and our ability to compete could be adversely affected if our competitors gain an advantage by using such technologies. There can be no assurance that we will be able to compete successfully in the future against existing or new competitors, or that competition in the marketplace will not have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. Our advertising revenues have been, and may continue to be, adversely impacted by several factors, including the changing landscape of television advertising spending and advertising market conditions. We derive substantial revenues from the sale of advertising, and a continuing decline in advertising revenues could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. Shifting consumer preferences toward streaming services and other digital products and the increasing number of entertainment choices has intensified audience fragmentation and reduced content viewership through traditional linear distribution models. This has changed the landscape of traditional television advertising spending, prompting advertisers to shift their strategies, and ultimately advertising spend, toward streaming services and other digital products to reach target audiences. In addition, a number of other streaming services with larger subscriber bases and greater household penetration have recently introduced tiers. The increase of digital advertising available in the marketplace, due to both the introduction of tiers in competing streaming services and the expansion of free television (“FAST”) products, has increased, and is expected to continue to increase, the competition we face for advertising expenditures for both our traditional linear networks and the tiers in our streaming services, and has also limited our ability to demand higher rates for our linear and digital advertising inventory or even the same rates that we previously charged for our advertising inventory prior to the surge in digital advertising. There can be no assurance that we can successfully navigate the evolving streaming and digital advertising market or that the advertising revenues we generate in that market will replace the declines in advertising revenues generated from our traditional linear business. The advertising market is also sensitive to general economic conditions and consumer buying patterns. Financial instability or a general decline in economic conditions in the U.S. and other countries where our content is distributed could adversely affect the spending priorities of our advertising partners who might reduce their spending, which could result in a decrease in advertising rates and volume and in our overall advertising revenues. Natural and other disasters, pandemics, acts of terrorism, political uncertainty or hostilities could also lead to a reduction in domestic and international advertising expenditures, which could also have an adverse effect on our advertising revenues. Our advertising revenues are also dependent on our ability to measure viewership and audience engagement across all platforms and in all geographic regions. Although audience measurement systems have evolved and improved to capture the viewership of programming across multiple platforms, they still do not fully capture all viewership across streaming and other digital platforms and advertisers may not be willing to pay advertising rates based on the viewership that is not being measured. In certain geographic regions, our ability to fully capture viewership information may be limited by local laws and regulations. 13 As further discussed in other parts of this Item 1a. Risk Factors, our ability to generate advertising revenue is also dependent on our ability to compete in highly competitive, rapidly evolving industries, our ability to respond to changes in consumer behavior and our ability to consistently achieve audience acceptance of our content and brands. Changes in consumer behavior, as well as evolving technologies and distribution models, may negatively affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. Our success depends on our ability to anticipate and adapt to changes in consumer behavior and shifting content consumption patterns. The ways in which viewers consume content, and technology and distribution models in the media and entertainment industries, continue to evolve, and new distribution platforms, as well as increased competition from new entrants and emerging technologies, have added to the complexity of maintaining predictable revenues. Technological advancements have empowered consumers to seek more control over how they consume content and have affected the options available to advertisers for reaching target audiences. This trend has impacted certain traditional distribution models, as demonstrated by declines in cable ratings, declines in subscribers to the traditional cable bundle, the development of alternative distribution platforms for content, and reduced theatergoing. Declines in linear television viewership are expected to continue and possibly accelerate, which could adversely affect our advertising and distribution revenues. In order to respond to this decline, changing consumer behavior, increasing preferences to consume content on demand, and changes in content distribution models in the media and entertainment industries, we have invested in, developed and launched streaming services including Max and discovery+. We have incurred and will likely continue to incur significant costs to develop and market our streaming services, including costs related to international expansion, technological enhancements, and subscriber acquisition. There can be no assurance, however, that consumers and advertisers will embrace our offerings, that subscribers will activate or renew a subscription, particularly given the significant number of streaming services in the marketplace, or that our DTC business or other strategies we implement will be as successful or as profitable as our traditional linear television business. The film industry has also been impacted by shifting consumer preferences and technological innovation, including, among other things, consumer preferences for viewing movies at home, a vast library of which is available to them through one or more streaming subscriptions, and shorter theatrical release windows. As a response to changing consumer preferences, film studios such as ours can seek to invest in creating compelling films and seek to promote events in connection with feature films in order to enhance the consumer’s movie theater experience. If the film industry (of which we are a part) and exhibitors are unable to successfully create and market “event” films and ultimately evolve and enhance the movie theater experience in response to shifting consumer preferences, the profitability, financial condition and results of operations of our studios business may be negatively impacted. Each distribution model has different risks and economic consequences for us, and the rapid evolution of consumer preferences may have an economic impact that is not ultimately predictable. Further, technology in the media and entertainment industries continues to evolve rapidly. For example, AI is a new technology for which the advantages and risks associated with its use in our industry are currently largely uncertain and unregulated. If we are not able to access our targeted audience with appealing content and adapt to new technologies, distribution methods, platforms and business models, we may experience a decline in viewership and ultimately a decline in the demand for our programming, which could lead to lower distribution and advertising revenues, materially and adversely affecting our business, financial condition and results of operations. The success of our business depends on the acceptance of our content and brands by our U.S. and international viewers, which may be unpredictable and volatile . The production and distribution of television programs, feature films, sports and news content are inherently risky businesses because the revenue we derive and our ability to distribute our content depend primarily on consumer tastes and preferences that often change in unpredictable ways. The appeal, success and performance of our content with consumers, as well as with licensees and other distribution partners, are critical factors that can affect the revenue that we receive with respect to our business. Our success depends on our ability to consistently create and acquire content that meets the changing preferences of viewers in general, in special interest groups, in specific demographic categories and in various international marketplaces. For example, generally, feature films that perform well upon initial release also have commercial success in subsequent distribution channels. Therefore, the underperformance of a feature film, especially an “event” film, upon its theatrical release can result in revenues for our business which could limit our ability to create future content. We are required to make substantial investments in the production or acquisition and marketing of our television programs, feature films, sports and news content before we learn whether such content will reach anticipated levels of popularity with consumers. Failing to gain the level of audience acceptance we expect for our content may negatively impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 14 The commercial success of our content also depends upon the quality and acceptance of competing content available in the applicable marketplace. For example, as some foreign film and filmmaking industries grow and the availability of popular local content rises, the demand from foreign audiences for American films may decrease, which could negatively impact our revenue. Other factors, including the availability of alternative forms of entertainment and leisure time activities, piracy, and our ability to develop strong brand awareness may also affect the audience demand for our content. Consequently, reduced public acceptance of our television programs, feature films, sports and news content or negative publicity regarding individuals or operations associated with our content or brands may decrease our audience share and customer/viewer reach and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. If our DTC products fail to attract and retain subscribers, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely impacted. Our Max and discovery+ offerings are subscription-based streaming services and are among many such services in a crowded and highly competitive landscape. Their success and the success of other subscription-based streaming services we may offer in the future will be largely dependent on our ability to initially attract, and ultimately retain, subscribers. If we are unable to effectively market our DTC products or if consumers do not perceive the pricing and related features of our DTC products to be of value versus our competitors, we may not be able to attract and retain subscribers. Further, decreases in consumer discretionary spending in the markets where our DTC products are offered may reduce our ability to attract and retain subscribers to our services, which could have a negative impact on our business. Relatedly, a decrease in viewing subscribers on our advertising-supported DTC products could also have a negative impact on the rates we are able to charge advertisers for advertising-supported services. The ability to attract and retain subscribers will also depend in part on our ability to provide compelling content choices that are differentiated from that of our competitors and that are more attractive than other sources of entertainment that consumers could choose in their free time. Furthermore, our ability to provide a quality subscriber experience and our relative service levels, may also impact our ability to attract and retain subscribers. In addition, from time to time, we have entered into, and may enter into, partnerships to offer our streaming services as part of a bundle with other streaming services, which may not lead to the anticipated financial benefit or growth in subscribers. Even if such bundling partnerships are successful, if we are unable to maintain existing or create new bundling partnerships, our ability to retain subscribers and grow our business could be adversely impacted. If existing subscribers, including those who receive subscriptions through wireless, broadband, or streaming bundling arrangements with third parties or through wholesale arrangements with MVPDs, cancel or discontinue their subscriptions for any reason, including as a result of selecting an alternative wireless or broadband plan that does not bundle our products, canceling or discontinuing their MVPD subscription, or due to the availability of competing offerings that are perceived to offer greater value compared to our DTC products, our business may be adversely affected. We would need to add new subscribers both to replace subscribers who cancel or discontinue their subscriptions and to grow our business. If we are unable to attract and retain subscribers and offset the losses of subscribers who cancel or discontinue their subscriptions to our DTC products, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. Failure to renew, renewal with less favorable terms, or termination of our content licenses and similar distribution agreements may cause a decline in our revenue. Because our content and networks are licensed to and distributed through third parties, such as traditional television and broadcasters (such as cable and satellite operators) and operators of digital platforms, which in turn make such content available, directly and indirectly, to consumers, we are dependent upon the maintenance of these licensing and distribution agreements with such third parties. These agreements generally provide for the scope of licensed rights, including geographic territory, exploitation rights, holdbacks and/or other restrictions, including exclusivity or , window(s) of exploitation (including first and second and free to air broadcast), for the level of carriage our networks will receive, such as channel placement and programming package inclusion (widely distributed, broader programming packages compared to lesser distributed, specialized programming packages), and for payment of a license fee to us based on a number of factors, including the scope of the rights granted, the popularity of the content (as measured in the case of films, for example, by box office performance for certain downstream exploitation) and the date of its first theatrical or exhibition. Our agreements generally have a limited term which varies by territory and distributor, and there can be no assurance that these agreements will be renewed in the future or that they will be renewed on terms that are favorable to us. Whether or not a distributor is willing to renew an agreement on terms that are favorable to us may be dependent upon our decision to make our content available on both our linear networks and our streaming platforms. Failure to renew an agreement prior to its expiration could lead to service blackout, which could in turn affect both our revenues and our reputation with viewers. 15 While the number of subscribers associated with our networks impacts our ability to generate advertising revenue (as further described elsewhere in this Item 1A), subscription-based revenue also represents a significant portion of our revenue. The license fees and other commercial terms that we receive are dependent, among other factors, on the acceptance and performance of our content with consumers. A reduction in the license fees that we receive or in the number of subscribers for which we are paid, including as a result of a loss or reduction in carriage for our networks or a reduction in distributor penetration, or as a result of changes in consumer habits, could adversely affect our distribution revenue. Such a loss or reduction in carriage could also decrease the potential audience for our programs thereby adversely affecting our advertising revenue. Changes in distribution strategy and variations on traditional theatrical distribution and other licensing models, such as shortening traditional windows, may also drive changes in the license fees that distributors and other downstream licensees in the value chain may be willing to pay for content, which may in turn negatively affect our revenue. As a result of industry consolidation, our distributors have become and may continue to become larger, and as a result have gained or could gain additional market power. Such consolidation gives these distributors leverage in negotiating their distribution agreements with us which could subject our affiliate fee revenue to reduction or discounts, which could have an adverse effect on our financial condition. In addition, content distribution and license agreements are complex and individually negotiated. For example, some of our distribution agreements contain “most favored nation” clauses, which typically provide that if we enter into an agreement with another distributor which contains certain more favorable terms, we must offer some of those terms to our existing distributors. If we were to disagree with one of the counterparties on the interpretation of a content distribution and license agreement, it could damage our relationship with that counterparty as well as materially adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. We rely on platforms owned by our competitors for digital and linear distribution of our content . We rely on platforms owned by third parties, some of which compete directly with us or have investments in competing streaming services, to make our content available to our subscribers and viewers. If these third parties do not continue to provide access to our service on their platforms or are unwilling to do so on terms acceptable to us, our business could be adversely affected. If we are not successful in maintaining existing or creating new relationships with these third parties, our ability to retain subscribers and grow our business could be adversely impacted. We invest significant resources to acquire and maintain licenses to produce sports programming and there can be no assurance that we will continue to be successful in our efforts to obtain or maintain licenses to recurring sports events or recoup our investment when the content is distributed. We face significant competition to acquire and maintain licenses to sports programming, which leads to significant expenditure of funds and resources. As a result of an increasing number of market entrants in the programming space, we have seen upward pressure on programming costs in recent years, particularly in connection with the licensing and acquisition of sports content from third parties. We may also be impacted by such upward pressures driven by increasing investment in programming by competitors. In certain international markets, regulations concerning content quotas or content investment requirements may be a further factor driving increasing programming costs. In addition, businesses, including ours, that offer multiple services or that may be vertically integrated and offer both video distribution and programming content, may face closer regulatory review from the competition authorities in the countries in which we currently have operations. If our distributors have to pay higher rates to other holders of sports broadcasting rights, it might be difficult for us to negotiate higher rates for the distribution of our networks. This difficulty could be amplified if we are unable to obtain or maintain licenses for sports programming that we can bundle with our other programming for distribution. There can be no assurance that we will be able to compete successfully in the future against existing or new competitors to obtain and/or maintain licenses to recurring sports events. For example, in 2024, the Company was engaged in a legal dispute, which has since been settled, with the NBA regarding our license to distribute NBA games and content. If our licenses to recurring sports events are not renewed, such nonrenewal could limit our ability to negotiate higher rates for the distribution of our networks. Increasing competition for programming licenses and regulatory review from competition authorities could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. There can also be no assurance that we will recoup our investment in sports programming or that revenue from our content distribution agreements will exceed our costs for the rights for sports programming, as well as the other costs of producing and distributing the programming. The impact of these licenses on our results of operations over the term of the licenses depends on a number of factors, including the strength of advertising markets and subscription levels and rates for programming. Our success with sports programming is highly dependent on consumer acceptance of this content and the size of our viewing audience. If viewers do not find our sports programming content acceptable, we could see low viewership, which could lead to low distribution and advertising revenues and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 16 Our businesses have been, and in the future may be, subject to labor disruption. We and some of our suppliers and business partners retain the services of writers, directors, actors, announcers, athletes, technicians, trade employees and others involved in the development and production of our television programs, feature films and interactive entertainment (e.g., games) who are covered by collective bargaining agreements. If negotiations to renew expiring collective bargaining agreements are not successful or become unproductive, the affected unions could take, and have taken, actions such as strikes, work slowdowns or work stoppages. Strikes, work slowdowns, work stoppages, or the possibility of such actions, including the 2023 WGA and strikes and potential future strikes by other unions involved in development and production, have resulted in, and could in the future result in, delays in the production of, or the release of, our television programs, feature films, and interactive entertainment. For example, the 2023 WGA and strikes caused delays in the production of our television programs and feature films and in the release of certain programming. The impact of these delays and other consequences of these strikes have continued to impact our business even after the strikes were ultimately resolved. If the media and entertainment industries experience prolonged strikes, work slowdowns or work stoppages, we may be unable to produce, distribute or license programming, feature films, and interactive entertainment, which could result in reduced revenue and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. For example, the 2023 WGA and strikes had a material impact on the operations and results of the Company. See the discussion under “Business – Industry Trends” that appears above. In addition, the pausing and restarting of certain productions resulted in incremental costs, delayed the completion and release of some of our content (films, television programs, and licensed programs) and could cause an impairment of our investment in film, television programs, or licensed program rights if the incremental costs are significant or we are unable to efficiently complete the production of the film, television show or program or decide to abandon the production. We may also enter into new collective bargaining agreements or renew collective bargaining agreements on less favorable terms and incur higher costs as a result of prolonged strikes, work slowdowns, or work stoppages. Many of the collective bargaining agreements that cover individuals providing services to the Company are agreements, and we may lack practical control over the negotiations and terms of these agreements. Union or labor disputes or player relating to certain professional sports leagues may preclude us from producing and telecasting scheduled games or events and could negatively impact our promotional and marketing opportunities. Depending on their duration, union or labor disputes or player could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. We have recognized, and could continue to recognize, impairment charges related to goodwill and other intangible assets . We have a significant amount of goodwill and other intangible assets on our consolidated balance sheets. In accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (“U.S. GAAP”), management periodically assesses these assets to determine if they are impaired. (See Note 2 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements.) The occurrence of certain events or circumstances has resulted in, and could continue to result in, a downward revision in the estimated fair value of a reporting unit or intangible assets. For example, continued negative industry or economic trends, including the decline of traditional linear television viewership and linear ad revenues, declining levels of global GDP growth and soft advertising markets in the U.S., disruptions to our business, inability to effectively integrate acquired businesses, execution risk associated with anticipated growth in our DTC products, underperformance of our content, failure to renew content licenses and distribution agreements, including affiliate and sports rights renewals, unexpected significant changes or planned changes in use of the assets, including in connection with restructuring initiatives, divestitures and continued decline in our market capitalization could negatively affect our estimates of the fair value of our reporting units. When events or changes in circumstances such as this occur, we have needed to, and may in the future need to, write down the value of our goodwill and other intangible assets. If we determine that our estimate of the fair value of a reporting unit is below the recorded value of that unit on our balance sheet, we may record a impairment loss for the goodwill. For example, in 2024, we determined that our estimate of the fair value of our Networks reporting unit was below its recorded value on our balance sheet and we recorded a $9.1 billion , impairment of goodwill. Any charges relating to the impairment of our goodwill and other intangible assets could materially adversely affect our results of operations in the periods recognized. We consider all current information when determining the need for, or calculating, any impairment loss. However, future changes in events or circumstances, such as a continuation or worsening of the current negative industry and economic trends and the other events and circumstances described above, could result in decreases in the fair value of our goodwill and other intangible assets and require us to record additional impairment losses that could materially adversely affect our results of operations in the periods recognized. 17 Service disruptions or the failure of communications satellites or transmitter facilities we rely upon could adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. We rely on communications satellites and transmitter facilities and other technical infrastructure, including fiber, to transmit programming to affiliates and other distributors. Shutdowns of communications satellites and transmitter facilities or service disruptions will pose significant risks to our operations. Such disruptions may be caused by power outages, natural disasters, extreme weather, terrorist attacks, war, failures or impairments of communications satellites or uplinks or downlinks or other technical facilities and services used to transmit programming, failure of service providers to meet contractual requirements, or other similar events. If a communications satellite or other transmission means (e.g., fiber) is not able to transmit our programming, or if any material component thereof fails or becomes inoperable, we may not be able to secure an alternative communications path in a timely manner because, among other factors, there are a limited number of service providers and other means available for the transmission of programming, and any alternatives may require lead time and additional technical resources and infrastructure to implement. If such an event were to occur, there could be a disruption in the delivery of our programming, which could harm our reputation and materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Risks Related to Our Financial, Capital and Corporate Structure Forecasting our financial results requires us to make judgments and estimates which may differ materially from actual results. Given the dynamic nature of our business, the current uncertain economic climate and the inherent limitations in predicting the future, forecasts of our revenues, adjusted earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortization (as defined in Note 23 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements, “Adjusted EBITDA”), free cash flow and subscriber growth, and other financial and operating data, may differ materially from actual results, including as a result of events outside of our control and other risks and uncertainties described herein. Such discrepancies could cause a decline in the trading price of our common stock. We have a significant amount of debt and may incur additional debt, which could adversely affect our financial health and our ability to react to changes in our business and our ability to incur debt, and the use of our funds could be limited by the restrictive covenants in the agreements governing our credit agreements and senior notes. Our consolidated indebtedness as of December 31, 2024 was $39,505 million, of which $2,748 million is current. In addition, we have the ability to draw down on a $6.0 billion revolving credit facility in the ordinary course, which would have the effect of further increasing our debt to the extent drawn. We are also permitted, subject to certain restrictions under our existing debt agreements, to obtain additional debt and working capital lines of credit to meet future financing needs. This would have the effect of further increasing our leverage ratio. Our loan agreements contain restrictive covenants, as well as requirements to comply with certain leverage ratio and other financial maintenance tests. These covenants and requirements could limit our ability to take various actions, including incurring additional debt, guaranteeing indebtedness and engaging in various types of transactions, including mergers, acquisitions and sales of assets, or to take advantage of other opportunities, which could have an adverse effect on our business. In addition, our corporate or credit rating could be downgraded, which may increase our borrowing costs or subject us to even more restrictive covenants when we incur new debt in the future, which could reduce profitability and diminish operational flexibility. In 2024, S&P and Moody’s revised our ratings outlook from stable to negative in part due to declines in our linear business, including as a result of the weak operating environment for linear networks, and our leverage ratio. Credit rating agencies may continue to review and adjust our ratings or outlook. If we are unable to effectively reduce and sustain our leverage ratio, it could have significant negative consequences on our financial condition and results of operations, including: • impairing our ability to meet one or more of the financial ratio covenants contained in our revolving credit facility or our term loan cred

[truncated]