BETA Close X AEP Plantations Plc announced its intention to implement a share split, subdividing each existing ordinary share of 25p into ten new ordinary shares of 2.5p each, a move approved by shareholders to enhance share affordability and liquidity. This split is expected to become effective on June 25, 2026, with the last day of trading for existing shares being June 24, 2026. Following the split, the company will have 399,762,720 new ordinary shares in issue, representing the same proportion of ownership for shareholders. Disclaimer* AEP Plantations PLC 22 June 2026 AEP Plantations Plc ("AEP" or the "Company") Share Split AEP Plantations Plc, which owns, operates and develops plantations in Indonesia and Malaysia, announces that it now intends to implement a share split, being the subdivision of the Company's ordinary shares of 25p each ("Existing Ordinary Shares") into 10 ordinary shares of 2.5p each ("New Ordinary Shares") (the "Share Split"). The Company's shareholders approved a resolution to facilitate the Share Split at the Annual General Meeting held on 15 June 2026. The purpose of the Share Split is to enhance the affordability of the Company's shares to investors on a per share basis, which the Board anticipates will increase the trading liquidity and marketability of the Company's shares. The Company is now proposing to implement the Share Split, further details of which are set out below. The Share Split is conditional on the New Ordinary Shares being admitted to the Official List of the Financial Conduct Authority ("FCA") and to trading on the main market of the London Stock Exchange. Applications for such admissions (the "Admission Applications") are being made and it is expected that such admissions will become effective, and that dealings in the New Ordinary Shares will commence, at 8.00 am on 25 June 2026, at which time the Share Split will become effective. The last day of trading in the Existing Ordinary Shares is expected to be 24 June 2026 and the record date for the Share Split is 6.00 pm on 24 June 2026 (the "Record Date"). The Share Split will result in shareholders receiving 10 New Ordinary Shares in exchange for each Existing Ordinary Share held at the Record Date. CREST accounts are expected to be credited with New Ordinary Shares on 25 June 2026 and share certificates in respect of the New Ordinary Shares are expected to be posted to shareholders no later than 30 June 2026. The New Ordinary Shares will have a new ISIN and SEDOL, as follows: New ISIN: GB00BWPD4D87 New SEDOL: BWPD4D8 The ticker for the New Ordinary Shares will remain the same as the ticker for the Existing Ordinary Shares (AEP). The New Ordinary Shares will rank pari passu with each other and will be subject to the same rights and restrictions (save as to nominal value) as the Existing Ordinary Shares. Each New Ordinary Share will also have one vote per share on a poll. A holding of New Ordinary Shares following the Share Split will represent the same proportion of the issued ordinary share capital of the Company as the corresponding holding of Existing Ordinary Shares immediately prior to the Share Split. The Company currently has 39,976,272 Existing Ordinary Shares in issue (including 1,616,924 Existing Ordinary Shares held in treasury). On this basis, in accordance with the FCA's Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rule 5.6, the Company advises that, immediately following completion of the Share Split and on the assumption that no Existing Ordinary Shares are bought back or issued by the Company between the date of this announcement and the date on which the Share Split takes effect, the Company will have 399,762,720 New Ordinary Shares in issue (including 16,169,240 New Ordinary Shares held in treasury). For further enquiry, contact: AEP Plantations Plc +44 (0) 20 7216 4621 Marcus Chan Jau Chwen, Executive Director (Corporate Affairs) Kevin Wong Tack Wee, Group Chief Executive Officer Montfort Communications Limited - Financial PR Ann-marie Wilkinson, Shireen Farhana aep@montfort.london Cavendish Capital Markets Limited - Financial Adviser and Broker +44 (0) 20 7220 0500 Matt Goode, George Lawson, Trisyia Jamaludin (Corporate Finance) Will Smith, Harriet Ward (Corporate Broking) This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Anglo-Eastern Plantations (AEP) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 24 minutes ago Domino's Pizza Group 25 minutes ago Domino's Pizza Group 27 minutes ago BAE Systems 55 minutes ago Foresight Group Holdings Limited NPV 55 minutes ago GSK All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and