BETA Close X AEP Plantations Plc has completed the acquisition of Admiral Potential Sdn Bhd, which now wholly owns PT Jaya Jadi Utama, holding 7,169 hectares of HGU in Central Kalimantan with an estimated plantable area of approximately half. This acquisition is expected to provide strategic benefits including operational efficiencies due to proximity to existing operations, a strengthened supply of fresh fruit bunches for the new KAP mill, and future growth potential by enhancing the Group's long-term production capacity. Disclaimer* AEP Plantations PLC 31 July 2026 31 July 2026 AEP Plantations Plc ("AEP" or the "Company") Completion of the Acquisition of PT Jaya Jadi Utama via Admiral Potential Sdn Bhd AEP Plantations Plc, which owns, operates and develops plantations in Indonesia and Malaysia, is pleased to announce, further to the Company's RNS on 14 October 2025, that it has completed the acquisition of Admiral Potential Sdn Bhd ("Admiral Potential") which, following completion, owns 100% of PT Jaya Jadi Utama ("PT JJU") (the "Acquisition"). PT JJU holds 7,169 hectares of HGU (Right to Cultivate) in Central Kalimantan, providing an estimated plantable area of approximately half the HGU while maintaining AEP's no-deforestation commitment. The acquisition is expected to deliver a number of strategic benefits to the Group: · Proximity to existing operations - PT JJU's concession borders the Group's estate under PT Kahayan Agro Plantation ("KAP"), offering opportunities for operational efficiencies in management, logistics and supply chain coordination. · Strengthening FFB supply for the KAP mill - The existing planted area, together with future plantings at PT JJU, will provide a valuable source of fresh fruit bunches ("FFB") for the new KAP mill, supporting higher utilisation and improved efficiency as volumes increase. · Future growth potential - The acquisition provides room for further expansion at a time when the KAP estate, comprising approximately 8,000 hectares (including plasma), is fully planted. Development of the PT JJU concession is expected to enhance the Group's long-term production capacity. Commenting, Kevin Wong Tack Wee, CEO said: " The acquisition of PT JJU represents another important step in our growth strategy adding feedstock to our new mill in adjacent acreage and making a meaningful contribution to our future potential." For further enquiry, contact: AEP Plantations Plc +44 (0) 20 7216 4621 Marcus Chan Jau Chwen, Executive Director (Corporate Affairs) Kevin Wong Tack Wee, Group Chief Executive Officer Montfort Communications Limited - Financial PR Ann-marie Wilkinson, Shireen Farhana aep@montfort.london Cavendish Capital Markets Limited - Financial Adviser and Broker +44 (0) 20 7220 0500 Matt Goode, George Lawson, Trisyia Jamaludin (Corporate Finance) Will Smith, Harriet Ward (Corporate Broking) This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Anglo-Eastern Plantations (AEP) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 33 minutes ago Greggs 34 minutes ago Greggs 1 hour ago Fuller Smith & Turner 1 hour ago CLS Holdings 1 hour ago Rolls-Royce Holdings All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and