BETA Close X AEP Plantations plc is launching a new share buyback programme with up to £8 million to be used for repurchasing ordinary shares until 30 June 2027 or its 2027 AGM. The company believes its shares are undervalued and aims to enhance earnings per share and shareholder value through this programme, which will be managed discretely by Cavendish Capital Markets Limited. Purchases may represent a significant portion of daily traded volume, potentially exceeding 25% of the average daily traded volume on the London Stock Exchange. Disclaimer* AEP Plantations PLC 06 July 2026 6 July 2026 AEP Plantations Plc (" AEP " or the " Company ") Share Buyback Programme AEP Plantations plc, which owns, operates and develops palm plantations in Indonesia and Malaysia, is pleased to announce that it will commence a new share buyback programme (the "Programme" ) with effect on 6 July 2026. This follows the completion of the share buyback programme on 15 June 2026 that was previously announced on 6 January 2026. The Programme will have a quantum of up to £ 8 million (in aggregate) to be used to buy back AEP's ordinary shares of 2 . 5 pence each ( "Shares" ) in the market over the course of the period from the date of this announcement until 30 June 2027 or, if earlier, on the date of the Company's 2027 annual general meeting (" AGM ") (" Expiry Date "). T he Board continues to believe that the Shares are undervalued relative to AEP and its subsidiaries' (" Group ") strong fundamentals and growth potential. By repurchasing Shares , AEP aims to enhance earnings per share and deliver greater value to remaining shareholders. In order to implement the Programme, and consistent with the terms of the previous share buyback programme, AEP has entered into an agreement with Cavendish Capital Markets Limited ( "Cavendish ") on the following basis: · Cavendish will manage the purchases on a discretionary basis, purchasing Shares within certain pre-set parameters and making its trading decisions independently of, and uninfluenced by the Group. Purchases may therefore continue during any closed periods of the Group. · The Programme will operate under the authority granted to the Group by its shareholders at the Group's most recent AGM, held on 15 June 2026. · Any Shares purchased will be held as treasury shares. · The Group has authorised the Programme to commence with immediate effect and will continue whilst it retains the authority from its shareholders to repurchase Shares until the Expiry Date. · AEP's shareholders should be aware that the Programme may on any given trading day represent a significant portion of the daily traded volume in AEP 's Shares on the London Stock Exchange, and the Company expects daily volumes may exceed 25% of the average daily traded volume on the London Stock Exchange. Accordingly, the Group may not benefit from the exemption contained in Article 5(1) of Market Abuse Regulation (" MAR ") . · Outside of the above, the Programme will be conducted in accordance with the other safe harbour parameters as prescribed by MAR. Enquiries: AEP Plantations Plc +44 (0) 20 7216 4621 Marcus Chan Jau Chwen, Executive Director (Corporate Affairs) Kevin Wong Tack Wee, Group Chief Executive Officer Montfort Communications Limited - Financial PR Ann-marie Wilkinson, Shireen Farhana Cavendish Capital Markets Limited - Financial Adviser and Broker aep@montfort.london +44 (0) 20 7220 0500 Matt Goode, George Lawson, Trisyia Jamaludin (Corporate Finance) Will Smith, Harriet Ward (Corporate Broking) This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Anglo-Eastern Plantations (AEP) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 33 minutes ago Greggs 34 minutes ago Greggs 1 hour ago Fuller Smith & Turner 1 hour ago CLS Holdings 1 hour ago Rolls-Royce Holdings All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and