BETA Close X AEP Plantations Plc is exploring a potential initial public offering of its Indonesian subsidiary, PT AEP Nusantara Plantations Tbk, on the Indonesia Stock Exchange, with an expected completion by mid-2026. This subsidiary, comprising approximately 19,000 hectares of planted area in Central Kalimantan, will issue around 15% new shares to fund capital expenditure, including infrastructure development and a new palm oil mill. The company believes this listing will facilitate regional expansion and broaden its investor base. Disclaimer* AEP Plantations PLC 16 April 2026 16 April 2026 The information communicated in this announcement is inside information for the purposes of Article 7 of Market Abuse Regulation 596/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018. AEP Plantations Plc ("AEP" or the "Group") Proposed Initial Public Offering of PT AEP Nusantara Plantations Tbk AEP, which owns, operates and develops sustainable palm-oil production in Indonesia and Malaysia, announces that it is exploring a potential initial public offering ("IPO") of its Indonesian subsidiary, PT AEP Nusantara Plantations Tbk (formerly known as PT Sawit Graha Manunggal) ("AEP Nusa"), on the Indonesia Stock Exchange ("IDX"). AEP Nusa, together with its subsidiary PT Kahayan Agro Plantation ("PT KAP"), comprises the Group's plantation and processing assets in Central Kalimantan, Indonesia, with a combined core planted area of approximately 19,000 hectares, and represents its primary platform for expansion in the Kalimantan region. The Board believes a listing in Indonesia will create a financially efficient vehicle for further estate expansion in the region. Additionally, it will both align AEP Nusa with its operational footprint and broaden its investor base. In support of future expansion without regulatory size restrictions in Kalimantan, investor engagement and its broader Indonesia growth strategy, the Group has also established a representative office in Jakarta. It is envisaged that approximately 15% of new shares in AEP Nusa will be issued as part of the proposed IPO, in line with minimum public float requirements. The IPO is intended to support AEP Nusa's growth through capital expenditure, including the development of PT KAP infrastructure and a new palm oil mill. The proposed IPO is expected to complete by mid-2026, subject to regulatory approvals, including from the Indonesian Financial Services Authority (OJK) and IDX. Further announcements will be made as and when appropriate. Enquiries: AEP Plantations Plc +44 (0) 20 7216 4621 Marcus Chan Jau Chwen, Executive Director (Corporate Affairs) Kevin Wong Tack Wee, Group Chief Executive Officer Montfort Ann-marie Wilkinson, Shireen Farhana, Catherine Winterton Cavendish Capital Markets Limited - Financial Adviser and Broker aep@montfort.london +44 (0) 20 7220 0500 Matt Goode, George Lawson, Trisyia Jamaludin (Corporate Finance) Harriet Ward (Corporate Broking) This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Anglo-Eastern Plantations (AEP) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 day ago Savannah Energy 1 day ago Barclays 1 day ago Schroder Income Growth Fund 1 day ago Fuller Smith & Turner 1 day ago Land Securities Group All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and