BETA Close X AEP Plantations Plc has announced that Farah Suhanah Tun Ahmad Sarji, a Senior Independent Non-Executive Director, purchased 100 ordinary shares at a price of 1,700 pence per share on June 15, 2026. This transaction brings her total interest in the company to 100 ordinary shares, representing approximately 0.00026% of the total voting rights. This disclosure is made in accordance with Article 19 of the UK Market Abuse Regulation. Disclaimer* AEP Plantations PLC 18 June 2026 AEP Plantations Plc ("AEP", "Group" or the "Company") Director/PDMR Shareholding The Company has been notified that Farah Suhanah Tun Ahmad Sarji ("Farah"), a director of the Company, has bought 100 ordinary shares of 25 pence each in the capital of the Company ("Ordinary Shares") at a price of 1,700 pence per Ordinary Share (the "Purchase"). Following the Purchase, Farah is now interested in 100 Ordinary Shares, representing approximately 0.00026% of the Company's total voting rights. The following disclosures are made in accordance with Article 19 of the UK version of the EU Market Abuse Regulation 596/2014 which has effect in English law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018. 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities/person closely associated a) Name Farah Suhanah Tun Ahmad Sarji 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/status Senior Independent Non-Executive Director b) Initial notification/Amendment Initial notification 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name AEP Plantations Plc b) LEI 2138009ROZICGP42QP19 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Ordinary shares of 25 pence per share in AEP Plantations Plc ("Ordinary Shares"). ISIN GB0000365774 b) Nature of the transaction Purchase of Ordinary Shares c) Individual Transactions Date of Transaction Price Volume 15 June 2026 GBP 17.00 100 d) Aggregate Information Price Volume GBP 17.00 100 e) Place of transaction London Stock Exchange (XLON); Main Market For further enquiry, contact: AEP Plantations Plc +44 (0) 20 7216 4621 Marcus Chan Jau Chwen, Executive Director (Corporate Affairs) Kevin Wong Tack Wee, Group Chief Executive Officer Montfort Ann-marie Wilkinson, Shireen Farhana Cavendish Capital Markets Limited - Financial Adviser and Broker aep@montfort.london +44 (0) 20 7220 0500 Matt Goode, George Lawson, Trisyia Jamaludin (Corporate Finance) Will Smith, Harriet Ward (Corporate Broking) This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Anglo-Eastern Plantations (AEP) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 21 minutes ago Domino's Pizza Group 22 minutes ago Domino's Pizza Group 24 minutes ago BAE Systems 52 minutes ago Foresight Group Holdings Limited NPV 52 minutes ago GSK All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and