BETA Close X AEP Plantations Plc has announced its total voting rights as of July 31, 2026, stating that the company has 399,762,720 ordinary shares in issue, which includes 17,134,849 shares held in treasury. Consequently, the total number of voting rights available to shareholders, excluding treasury shares, stands at 382,627,871. This figure will serve as the denominator for shareholders to calculate any notification obligations regarding their interests in the company under the FCA's Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rules. Disclaimer* AEP Plantations PLC 03 August 2026 AEP Plantations Plc ("AEP" or the "Company") Total Voting Rights AEP Plantations Plc, which owns, operates and develops plantations in Indonesia and Malaysia, announces in accordance with the Financial Conduct Authority's Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rules ("DTRs") that as at 31 July 2026 the Company has 399,762,720 ordinary shares of 2.5 pence each in the capital of the Company ("Ordinary Shares") in issue, including 17,134,849 shares held in treasury. Therefore, the total number of voting rights in the Company, excluding treasury shares is 382,627,871. The figure of 382,627,871 may be used by shareholders (and others with notification obligations) as the denominator for the calculations by which they will determine if they are required to notify their interest in, or a change to their interest in the Company, under the FCA's DTRs. For further enquiry, contact: AEP Plantations Plc +44 (0) 20 7216 4621 Marcus Chan Jau Chwen, Executive Director (Corporate Affairs) Kevin Wong Tack Wee, Group Chief Executive Officer Montfort Communications Limited - Financial PR Ann-marie Wilkinson, Shireen Farhana, Catherine Winterton aep@montfort.london Cavendish Capital Markets Limited - Financial Adviser and Broker +44 (0) 20 7220 0500 Matt Goode, George Lawson, Trisyia Jamaludin (Corporate Finance) Will Smith, Harriet Ward (Corporate Broking) This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Anglo-Eastern Plantations (AEP) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 4 hours ago Greggs 4 hours ago Greggs 4 hours ago Fuller Smith & Turner 5 hours ago CLS Holdings 5 hours ago Rolls-Royce Holdings All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and