BETA Close X AEP Plantations Plc has announced the determination of its final dividend equivalent in Pound Sterling for the year ended 31 December 2025. Shareholders approved a final dividend of 43.7 cents per share, and those electing to receive it in Pound Sterling will receive 33.0285 pence per share, payable on 30 July 2026. This conversion was based on an exchange rate of GBP1 to US$1.3231, determined at the close of business on the dividend record date of 19 June 2026. Disclaimer* AEP Plantations PLC 23 June 2026 2 3 June 202 6 A EP Plantations Plc ("AEP" or the "Company") Final dividend - determination of Pound Sterling equivalent At the Annual General Meeting of AEP Plantations Plc held on 15 June 202 6 , shareholders approved the payment of a final dividend of 43.7 cents per share in respect of the year ended 31 December 202 5 to those shareholders on the register as at the close of business on the dividend record date, being 19 June 202 6 (the "Dividend Record Date"). The Company announces that shareholders who have elected to receive their dividend in Pound Sterling will receive 33.0285 pence per share which will be paid on 30 July 2026. Calculation of the Pound Sterling equivalent of this dividend is based on the exchange rate of GBP1=US$1.3231. This has been determined using the exchange rate at the close of business on the Dividend Record Date. For further enquiry, contact: AEP Plantations Plc +44 (0) 20 7216 4621 Marcus Chan Jau Chwen, Executive Director (Corporate Affairs) Kevin Wong Tack Wee, Group Chief Executive Officer Montfort Ann-marie Wilkinson, Shireen Farhana Cavendish Capital Markets Limited - Financial Adviser and Broker aep@montfort.london +44 (0) 20 7220 0500 Matt Goode, George Lawson, Trisyia Jamaludin (Corporate Finance) Will Smith, Harriet Ward (Corporate Broking) This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Anglo-Eastern Plantations (AEP) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 4 hours ago Greggs 4 hours ago Greggs 4 hours ago Fuller Smith & Turner 5 hours ago CLS Holdings 5 hours ago Rolls-Royce Holdings All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and