BETA Close X AEP Plantations Plc has announced that its unaudited interim results for the six months ended 30 June 2026 will be published on Wednesday, 2nd September 2026. An analyst presentation will be held at 09:00 BST on the same day, with details available upon registration. The interim results announcement will also be accessible on the company's website following publication. Disclaimer* AEP Plantations PLC 21 August 2026 21 August 2026 AEP Plantations Plc ("AEP" or the "Company") Notice of Interim Results AEP, which owns, operates and develops plantations in Indonesia and Malaysia , announces that it will publish its unaudited interim results for the six months ended 30 June 2026 on Wednesday, 2 nd September 2026. There will be a presentation for analysts at 09:00 BST on the day of results. Analysts wishing to register for the event should email aep@montfort.london for details. A copy of the interim results announcement will be available on the Company's website at www.aepplantations.com on the day of publication. For further enquiry, contact: AEP Plantations Plc +44 (0) 20 7216 4621 Marcus Chan Jau Chwen, Executive Director (Corporate Affairs) Kevin Wong Tack Wee, Group Chief Executive Officer Montfort Communications Limited - Financial PR Ann-marie Wilkinson, Shireen Farhana aep@montfort.london Cavendish Capital Markets Limited - Financial Adviser and Broker +44 (0) 20 7220 0500 Matt Goode, George Lawson, Trisyia Jamaludin (Corporate Finance) Will Smith, Harriet Ward (Corporate Broking) This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Anglo-Eastern Plantations (AEP) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 hour ago Public Policy Holding Company, Inc. (DI) (REG S, CAT3) 1 hour ago Pulsar Group 1 hour ago Mercia Asset Management 1 hour ago ITM Power 14 hours ago Oxford Nanopore Technologies All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and