BETA Close X Morgan Sindall Group PLC reports on their Sharesave Plan (2018) for the period of April 21, 2025, to October 20, 2025. The balance of unallotted securities from the previous return was 568,289 ordinary shares of 5p each. The block scheme increased by 90,000 ordinary shares of 5p each. During this period, 7,835 ordinary shares of 5p each were issued/allotted. Consequently, the balance under the scheme not yet issued/allotted at the end of the period is 650,454 ordinary shares of 5p each. Disclaimer* Morgan Sindall Group PLC 20 October 2025 BLOCK LISTING SIX MONTHLY RETURN Information provided on this form must be typed or printed electronically and provided to an ris . Date: 20 October 2025 Name of applicant : Morgan Sindall Group plc Name of scheme: Morgan Sindall Sharesave Plan (2018) Period of return: From: 21 April 2025 To: 20 October 2025 Balance of unallotted securities under scheme(s) from previous return: 568,289 ordinary shares of 5p each Plus: The amount by which the block scheme(s) has been increased since the date of the last return (if any increase has been applied for): 90,000 ordinary shares of 5p each Less: Number of securities issued/allotted under scheme(s) during period (see LR3.5.7G): 7,835 ordinary shares of 5p each Equals: Balance under scheme(s) not yet issued/allotted at end of period: 650,454 ordinary shares of 5p each Name of contact: Juliette Passinke, Assistant Company Secretary Telephone number of contact: 020 7307 9200 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Morgan Sindall Group (MGNS) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 33 minutes ago Roadside Real Estate 1 hour ago Taseko Mines Limited NPV (DI) 1 hour ago Taseko Mines Limited NPV (DI) 1 hour ago Xeros Technology Group 1 hour ago Plus500 Ltd (DI) All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and