BETA Close X Morgan Sindall Group anticipates its full-year 2025 results will significantly exceed previous expectations, driven by a strengthening performance in its Fit Out division. The Partnership Housing profits remain in line with guidance, with average capital employed estimated between £420m and £430m. Mixed Use Partnerships expects operating losses in the second half to almost double the first half's £1.5m loss, with full-year average capital employed between £115m and £125m. Fit Out's secured order book as of August 31, 2025, reached £1.6bn, with £900m relating to 2026 and beyond, an 8% increase from both half-year 2025 and year-end 2024. Construction and Infrastructure, and Property Services remain on track. The Group's secured order book was £12.2bn, up 2% from the half year and 7% from year-end 2024. The daily average net cash for the period was £361m, and the full-year average is expected to exceed £350m, surpassing the previous guidance of £330m. Disclaimer* Morgan Sindall Group PLC 02 October 2025 This announcement contains information that qualified, or may have qualified, as inside information for the purposes of Article 17 of the Market Abuse Regulations (EU) 596/2014 (MAR). The person responsible for making this announcement is Kelly Gangotra, Chief Financial Officer. MORGAN SINDALL GROUP PLC Trading Update and Outlook for 2025 "Performance significantly ahead of previous expectations" Morgan Sindall Group plc, the Partnerships, Fit Out and Construction Services Group, today announces an update on trading and the outlook for the 2025 financial year. Since its Half Year Trading Announcement on 29th July 2025 the Group now anticipates that its full year results for 2025 will be significantly ahead of its previous expectations, following a continuation of the strengthening performance from the Fit Out division. By division: · Partnership Housing profits remain in line with previous guidance. In the period t he division has continued to strengthen its long-term partnerships with the public sector through its appointment as preferred developer on the Druids Heath regeneration scheme with Birmingham City Council to build around 3,500 new homes over the next two decades, while also signing a development agreement with Cardiff Council and Vale of Glamorgan Council to deliver 2,500 new homes over the next ten years. The average capital employed for the full year is now estimated to be between £420m and £430m as the business continues to invest in its partnerships for future growth and returns. · Mixed Use Partnerships trading performance is expected to continue to reflect increased investment costs both on schemes yet to start on site and relating to future opportunities. As a result, operating losses in the second half are now expected to be almost double the £1.5m loss in the first half, with the full year average capital employed now expected to be between £115m and £125m. · Fit Out's performance has continued to strengthen significantly due to a combination of strong trading and operational execution. As a result, profits are now expected to significantly exceed the Group's previous expectations. Its secured order book as of 31 st August 2025 was £1.6bn (of which £900m relates to 2026 and beyond) representing an increase of 8% on both the half-year 2025 and year-end 2024 position, underpinning the Group's confidence for 2025 and beyond. The Group's medium-term target for Fit Out remains unchanged. · Both Construction and Infrastructure remain on track to deliver profits in line with previous guidance and continue to be supported by high quality growing orderbooks. · Property Services remains on track to deliver a modest profit for the year, in line with previous guidance. Group secured orderbook · The Group has a high-quality workload and the total secured order book for the Group at 31 st August 2025 was £12.2bn, 2% ahead of the half year and 7% up on the 2024 year end position. Balance sheet · For the period between 1 January to 30 September, daily average net cash was £361m (of which £45m relates to amounts held in jointly controlled operations or held for future payment to designated suppliers), compared to £372m for the same period in the prior year. · The average daily net cash for the full year is expected to be in excess of £350m, ahead of our previous guidance of £330m. The Group will announce its full year results to 31 December 2025 on 25 th February 2026. Enquiries: Morgan Sindall Group John Morgan Kelly Gangotra Brunswick Jonathan Glass Tom Pigott Tel: 020 7307 9200 Tel: 020 7404 5959 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Morgan Sindall Group (MGNS) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 33 minutes ago Roadside Real Estate 1 hour ago Taseko Mines Limited NPV (DI) 1 hour ago Taseko Mines Limited NPV (DI) 1 hour ago Xeros Technology Group 1 hour ago Plus500 Ltd (DI) All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and