BETA Close X Morgan Sindall Group plc has applied for the listing of 36,000 ordinary shares of 5p each on the London Stock Exchange, with admission expected on 18 December 2025. These shares will be issued to satisfy options granted under the Morgan Sindall Sharesave Plan (2018) and will rank equally with existing ordinary shares. Disclaimer* Morgan Sindall Group PLC 16 December 2025 Morgan Sindall Group plc 16 December 2025 Morgan Sindall Group plc (the "Company") Additional Listing of Shares A block listing application has been made for a total of 36,000 Ordinary Shares of 5p each to the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and to trading on the London Stock Exchange. The shares will be issued fully paid and will rank pari passu in all respects with the existing issued ordinary shares of the Company. Admission is expected to become effective on 18 December 2025. Shares from this application will be issued to satisfy 36,000 options granted under the rules of the Morgan Sindall Sharesave Plan (2018). Enquiries: Morgan Sindall Group plc Lisa Minns, General Counsel & Company Secretary Tel: +44 (0) 20 7307 9200 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Morgan Sindall Group (MGNS) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 3 hours ago Schroder Income Growth Fund 4 hours ago Oberon AIM VCT 4 hours ago Johnson Matthey 4 hours ago Sirius Real Estate Ltd. 5 hours ago GSK All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and