BETA Close X Morgan Sindall Group plc has issued and allotted 522,341 ordinary shares of 5p each to satisfy options under its Sharesave Plan, with these new shares admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange's Main Market. This issuance, which occurred between 9 June 2026 and 3 August 2026, brings the total number of ordinary shares in issue to 48,552,912, and these new shares are fully fungible with existing ordinary shares. Disclaimer* Morgan Sindall Group PLC 05 August 2026 Morgan Sindall Group plc 5 August 2026 Morgan Sindall Group plc (the "Company") Issue of Equity The Company announces that it issued and allotted 522,341 Ordinary Shares of 5p each ("New Ordinary Shares") for the purpose of satisfying options granted under the rules of the Morgan Sindall Sharesave Plan (2018). The New Ordinary Shares were admitted to trading under existing block admissions. This notification is made under PRM 1.6.4 and covers the period 9 June 2026 to 3 August 2026. The table below provides further details. 1a Name of issuer Morgan Sindall Group plc 1b Legal entity identifier (LEI) of issuer 2138008339ULDGZRB345 2 Regulated market London Stock Exchange (XLON); Main Market 3 Name, type and ISIN of the securities Ordinary shares of 5p each ISIN: GB0008085614 4 Number of further securities admitted to trading covered by this notification 522,341 Ordinary shares to satisfy options granted under the Morgan Sindall Sharesave Plan (2018). 5 Total number of securities admitted to trading following further issuance 48,552,912 Ordinary shares 6 Fungibility Fully fungible with existing Ordinary shares 7 Date of issuance and admission to trading Issued on various dates between 9 June 2026 and 3 August 2026. 8 Prospectus information N/A This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Morgan Sindall Group (MGNS) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 3 hours ago Schroder Income Growth Fund 4 hours ago Oberon AIM VCT 4 hours ago Johnson Matthey 4 hours ago Sirius Real Estate Ltd. 5 hours ago GSK All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and