ee C\ os Sst cg
Bay / Sea

Annivel 028)

‘i By Sar AAS
7 Morgan Since Group ple
;

we

We are a leading UK construction
and regeneration group

In 2023, our strong revenue growth delivered record
results. We maintained our balance sheet strength
and a high-quality and growing order soak,

We ramain commits to creating socal ancl
environmental value ancl have again retained oth
our AAA ESG rating from MSC) and our CDP A score,

Gontents}

Strategiciheponty

03920231 ournbers)

@ tie ead)
Exccutvessstatement

pi 7mOurgstakeholders}

P20 MmResponsiblelousiness}
andiperfonmance)

g pinancialeview]
foperatinetLeview)

loomManagine tusk)

180} Cima Repo

8 Nerina) and antctetiiy
ihiowmationptatementy

lem CoipetconcesnandMability
Statement

Governance)

1 OOMGhaigststatementy

WW Gadaogum

fi OamBoa Glodirectousy

fiOommGroupymancsementitean)

LOBED rectonsgandicorpocatey
povennancep pony

p35 9a Directoysgremunerationtrepory

b CSB O tbe gstatutonyintoumauony

Financialjstatements}

1 68¥mlndependenttauditogsireporty
fl 80MGonsolidated\financial

Ptstementsy
PW eCompanytnancialfstacements}
Sharenoldein formation]
Paonendixeacarbonlemissionsy
foackeroundancenminolory]

rr oul oGouginelogstoenoanK
Esystem fowinvestorstcompaniesycitiosy

(covegpn O10; Home, Group NNeWcostie Ubon al ysic}

BDnOLOR LDN COOK]

2023 in numbers

Strong operating
performance

£4,117.7m

Revenue
(2022: £3,612.2m)

Financial strength and
shareholder returns

£144.6m

Profit before tax (adjusted*)
(2022: £136.2m)

£141.3m

Operating profit (adjusted*)
(2022: £139.2m)

£143.9m

Profit before tax
(2022: £85.3m)

£140.6m

Operating profit
(2022: £88.3m)

£281.7M

Average daily net cash
(2022: £256.3m)

£8,920.2m

Secured workload
(2022: £8,458.9m)

114p

Total dividend per share
(2022: 101p)

Materiality

Our annual report aims to provide our investors with the information they
need to make decisions, for example on whether to buy, hold or sell our
shares, how to vote on their shares and whether to engage with our Board
on any issue. We have included information we believe is material to these
decisions and presented it in a way that we believe is fair, balanced and
understandable. We recognise that this report will be read by a variety

of other stakeholders including employees, our supply chain, clients and
partners, funders and performance bond issuers, analysts and regulators.
Where we believe that a topic is material to many of them, based on our
latest materiality assessment (see page 21), we either include itin this

report or refer to other reports and information on our website. We believe
this approach meets the requirements of company law, the UK Corporate

Social and
environmental value

966

Apprentices and sponsorships for
graduates and national vocational
and professional qualifications
(2022: 882)

45%

Reduction in Scope 1 and 2
carbon emissions from 2019
baseline’

(2022: 45%)

73p

Monetary value of social
activities per £1 of project spend
on 80 projects measured

(2022: 67p on 110 projects measured)

AAA

MSCl environmental, social and
governance (ESG) rating
(2022: AAA)

* See note 28 to the consolidated financial statements for alternative
performance measure definitions and reconciliations.

Governance Code, the Companies Act 2006 and UK-adopted international 1 Scope 1 emissions are direct from owned or controlled sources and

accounting and reporting standards, and that we go beyond these
requirements where we feel itis useful for the reader.

Scope 2 are generated from purchased energy. Scope 1 and 2 emissions

in 2019 totalled 20,903 tonnes CO,e.

03

uuodas 2Baens

a2UeUsaNOD

siuawarers jepueuly

04 | Morgan Sindall Group plc
| Annual Report 2023

The quick read

Harnessing the energy of our people
to achieve the improbable

Our specialist
divisions
Through six divisions,
we deliver construction
and regeneration for
the public, commercial
and regulated sectors.
Construction

* Construction

* Infrastructure

= Fit Out

= Property Services

Regeneration
= Partnership Housing
= Urban Regeneration

© See page 7

Our business
model

We generate

cash through

our construction
activities and invest in
long-term regeneration
schemes, which in turn
create opportunities

in construction.

Our capabilities match
the UK's demand for
affordable housing,
urban regeneration
and investment in
public, commercial and
social infrastructure.

© See page 10

Visit morgansindall.com
for more information

Our strategy

We pursue organic
growth for the
Group through
the exceptional
performance of
our businesses.

Our priorities

* Achieve quality
of earnings

Excel in project
delivery

Secure long-term
workstreams

Keep innovating to
deliver on our Total
Commitments to our
stakeholders and
wider society

Maintain financial
strength

© See page 12

Core Values

Our purpose,

culture, strategy

and performance

are driven by our
Core Values. We
encourage our people
to challenge the status
quo and exceed

our stakeholders’
expectations.

Our Core Values were updated
with effect from 1 January 2024

© See page 12

The quick read continued

A decentralised
approach

At the heart of our Core Values
is our decentralisation.

Our divisions are
complementary but different,
and our decentralised approach
enables them to respond
quickly to the specific needs

of their markets.

Our people are empowered to
make the right decisions for the
business and our stakeholders.

© See page7

Being a responsible
business

We have made five Total
Commitments to our
stakeholders and wider society.

© See pages 2010.44

Dedicated

to our stakeholders

Long-term relationships, based

on dialogue, transparency

and collaboration, are key to

our success.

Our key stakeholders

= Our people

= Supply chain

® Clients and partners

= Local communities

= Shareholders

= Funders and performance
bond issuers

© See pages 17to 19

Our Total Commitments are aligned with the United Nations (UN) Sustainable

Development Goals. We believe we can have the biggest impact in the following:

13 iiror

®

quodas 21Zayens

anueusano5

squawarers jepueuly

Morgan Sindall Group ple
Annual Report 2023

Chief executive's statement

A record full-year performance reflecting the
strength and depth of the Group's operations

2023 was another record year for the Group,
reflecting the quality of our operations and
the talent and commitment of our people.

Despite market headwinds and disappointing losses in
Property Services due to cost pressures and operational
challenges, the diversified and decentralised nature of our
operations has enabled us to continue making significant
strategic progress.

Revenue increased by 14% to £4,117.7m (2022: £3,612.2m)
and adjusted* operating profit by 2% to £141.3m (2022:
£139.2m). Adjusted* operating margin was 3.4%, 50 basis
points lower than the prior year (2022: 3.9%). Adjusted* profit
before tax was £144,6m, up 6% (2022: £136.2m), and statutory
profit before tax increased 69% to £143.9m (2022: £85.3m),
driven mainly by an exceptional building safety credit of £2.2m
compared to a charge of £48.9m in 2022.

We maintained our strong balance sheet and positive cash
flow, with average daily net cash of £281.7m (2022: £256.3m).
This supports the Group's future growth by enabling us to
make the best decisions and by giving potential clients
assurance of our long-term solvency and availability of

cash resources.

Our total dividend for the year has increased by 13% to 114p
(2022: 101p). This equates to a dividend cover of 2.2 times and
reflects our results, balance sheet and the Board's confidence
in the Group's long-term prospects.

eee

We act responsibly to do the right thing

Our responsible business approach has long been an integral
part of our business. In 2023 we reviewed our Core Values
and added: We act responsibly to do the right thing’, to reflect
that sustainability is embedded in our operations and that
we are committed to making decisions that consider all

our stakeholders.

During the year, we progressed our efforts to measure and
reduce our carbon emissions and | am proud to say that we
have achieved a CDP A score for our leadership on climate
change mitigation for the fourth year running, and retained
our AAA environmental, social and governance (ESG) rating
from MSCI for the third year. We have realigned our science-
based targets with a 1.5°C scenario, added new targets for
2045 that reduce our reliance on carbon offsetting, and
extended our key performance indicators to include ‘wider’

as well as ‘operational’ Scope 3 emissions, which include
emissions by our suppliers in processing their products and by
our clients in running the buildings we hand over. Some of
these wider emissions are challenging to collect data for and
measure accurately, and we have been working hard with our
supply chain to improve our processes. We have continued to
evolve industry-leading climate solutions, and received a £1m
innovation grant from the government to apply artificial
intelligence (Al) capabilities to our carbon reduction tool,
CarboniCa, which will speed up the whole-life carbon
assessments of our projects.

Our health and safety statistics were disappointing this year,
partly due to our high safety standards not always being
followed. We will keep pressing the need for constant vigilance
‘on site so that people can protect themselves and each other.
Our divisions have continued to work closely with our supply
chain to increase safety and reduce carbon emissions, and

we have been awarded Gold status by the Supply Chain
Sustainability School for our involvement in training and
knowledge sharing.

Our outlook for 2024

While there remains some uncertainty in the wider economy,
inflation is reducing and there is a prospect of lower interest
rates, which gives us confidence for the year ahead. We have
a high-quality and growing order book spread across a

wide range of sectors. We are therefore well-positioned for
the future.

John Morgan
Chief Executive

~ Our divisions

Offering expertise that meets
the specific needs of our markets

MORGAN
SINDALL Regeneration

GROUP

Construction

Regeneration

Construction | Infrastructure | Fit Out Property Partnership Urban
Services Housing Regeneration
£966.6m | £886.7m_ |.£1,105.2m | £185.2m | £837.5m_ | £185.3m
Revenue Revenue Revenue Revenue Revenue Revenue
MORGAN MORGAN overbur MORGAN LOVELL Muse’
SINDALL SINDALL y SINDALL
ConsTRUCTION INFRASTRUCTURE PROPERTY SERIES
Education, healthcare, Highways, rail, energy, Fit out and Response and planned | Partnerships with Transforming the
commercial, water and nuclear refurbishment in maintenance services local authorities and urban landscape
industrial, leisure markets. commercial, central for social housing and housing associations. through partnership
and retail markets. and local government the wider public Mixed-tenure working and the
morgarsindatintastucurecom | offices, as welll as sector. developments, development of
morgansindsiconsiructioncom further education. building/developing multi-phase sites
mowreincalproperysenicescom | homes for open and mixed-use
BakerHicks. ‘overburycom market sale and for regeneration.
Infrastructure social/affordable rent,
includes the Morgan Lovell design and build museplacescom
BakerHicks design house contracting
activities based out Office interior design and planned
of the UK and and build services maintenance and
Switzerland. direct to occupiers. refurbishment.
bakeridscom organics comorstelovelicouk

07

wodas 213a2en¢

aDURUIaN0D,

squawiayers |epueuly

08 | Morgan Sindall Group plc
Annual Report 2023,

Business environment

Sectors contig 3% or mere
Of Group ravenua

Thadtllangingganael merkerconciitans SOG 50%
coninginto tieyser continusd ease (0) (0)
treugnout, with inition Eling in mest
ances, Wa continue to foes en our care canis - Grorstgg

Strene tistmoumtanectmagketsmandlon)
lang tan pertnarciias with eur pufsiite (0) (0)
ZY

and pretesscier disnts,

Business environment continued

Amore manageable trading environment

The general trading environment in 2023, although still a
headwind for the Group, became more manageable and
predictable as the year progressed.

The ongoing stability of the supply chain, however, became
more uncertain with liquidity issues increasingly common,
requiring additional vigilance both preconstruction and during
the delivery of projects. The risk is mitigated to some extent by
the diligence taken before project commencement and the fact
that no division is overly reliant on any one supplier.

In Construction and Infrastructure, where projects are
currently underway, most include appropriate inflationary
protection within the overall contract pricing and this is not
seen as a significant risk. Where projects are being priced for
future delivery, inflation continues to place some project
budgets under pressure, which in turn has led to some delays
in decision-making and project commencement. However, the
impact of this has not been material and, in many cases, any
client budget constraints are being addressed by adjustments
to project scopes, thereby allowing projects to proceed.

The market for Fit Out's services has continued to be very
strong, with a number of positive structural changes in the
market. The main drivers of this include lease-related events,
the requirement for greater energy efficiency from offices, the
move towards more flexible and collaborative workspaces, the
use of office space as a tool for enhancing staff retention and
brand image, and office relocations away from London with
clients requiring increasingly complex projects.

In Property Services, housing maintenance and the general
state of repair of housing stocks are increasingly the focus for
local authorities and housing associations. During 2023, the
business was severely impacted by general cost and labour
inflation which impacted the profitability of its contracts,
resulting in a loss for the year.

The general UK housing market was difficult throughout the
year; however, in Partnership Housing, the partnership model
focusing on long-term partnerships with the public sector
provided some level of resilience and cushion against the

full impact. Although demand for contracting has remained
strong, the division experienced a significant slowdown in

its sales rates of private homes on its mixed-tenure sites,
driven by the combination of economic uncertainty and the
cost-of-living crisis, together with rising mortgage rates and the
end of the Help to Buy scheme in England at the end of March.
Alongside this there is the wider context of a continually
challenging planning environment.

In Urban Regeneration, build cost inflation continued to
provide challenges to the returns on some of its active
developments and on the viability of some of its schemes
being evaluated prior to commencement, although not
material to the overall portfolio of schemes and their future
financial performance.

Continuing to focus on our core
strengths and target markets

We remain in the long-term growth areas we want to be in.
Our capabilities continue to support the UK's current and
future regeneration and affordable housing needs. Our
recognised expertise and market positions in affordable
housing (Partnership Housing) and mixed-use regeneration
development (Urban Regeneration) reflect our deep
understanding of the built environment developed over many
years and our ability to provide solutions for complex
regeneration projects.

Our Construction division's geographically diverse activities
are focused on its key education, healthcare and commercial
sectors, while through Infrastructure we are well-positioned
to meet the demand for ongoing investment in the UK's rail,
highway, energy, nuclear and water services. Around 77%

of Construction and Infrastructure’s work is in the public and
regulated sectors.

Fit Out is the market leader in its field and delivers a
consistently strong operational performance. Property
Services remains focused on response and planned
maintenance activities for social housing and the wider
public sector.

Fit Out, Construction and Infrastructure generate cash
resources to support our investment in affordable housing
and mixed-use regeneration (see our business model on
page 10). As part of our capital allocation framework, we are
maximising investment in our current regeneration activities
to accelerate their organic growth. Partnership Housing's
growth potential remains substantial despite the short-term
market headwinds. Its capital employed has increased
significantly over the past five years, up from an average of
£115m in 2018 to an average of £255m in 2023. The scalability
of the partnership housing model provides the potential to
further increase the capital employed significantly above
current levels over the medium to long term. Urban
Regeneration's capital employed has reduced slightly over the
past five years, down from an average of £109m in 2018 to an
average of £99m in 2023. However, based on its pipeline of
opportunities and the investment profile of schemes already
secured, the division's capital employed has the potential to
increase modestly over the medium term.

In addition, in the short to medium term, the UK macro
environment is expected to provide a number of potential
opportunities to accelerate our long-term growth plans
predominantly through bolt-on acquisitions. Any acquisition
activity would likely be targeted towards our regeneration
activities, primarily Partnership Housing. The focus would be
on opportunities to complement our existing growth strategy
by acquiring pre-existing development schemes, land options,
positions in existing schemes from third parties or businesses
which can complement or reinforce the division's position in
the partnerships sector. Other potential acquisition
opportunities across the Group's construction activities would
only be considered where they would accelerate growth
through the existing divisional structure and capabilities.

09

wodas 218a3e5

aDUeWIaNOD

squawarers jeueuly

10 | Morgan Sindall Group ple
Annual Report 2023

Business model

A balanced business
creating long-term value 1. Our valued resources
in the built environment

Our capabilities are aligned with sectors of Tellenttec!

the UK economy which support the current
and future demand for affordable housing,

urban regeneration and investment in A Positive health, saitety
public, commercial and social infrastructure. ,
welling eliure

Our decentralised approach allows our specialist divisions to
respond quickly to the needs of their markets and achieve the
best outcomes for our stakeholders. See page 7 for detail on
our divisions’ services and markets and page 8 for an update
‘on our business environment.

Longtann cient
We use cash from our construction activities to invest in fi ft

long-term regeneration schemes, which in turn provide réetionshiips
opportunities for construction. More detail on investment
in regeneration can be found on page 9.

For information on how we manage and sustain our

resources, see pages 17 to 19 (our stakeholders); 20 to 44 National network of

(responsible business strategy and performance); 45 to 47

(financial review); 48 to 65 (operating review and 66 to 79 supply chain partners

(risk management).

Capeloilligy
indaiivering environmental
and soci velue

Tadnnalogy for innovation,
Giffidency and satety

Swong belenes shast ancl a
aignificent net cash beans

Business model continued

2. How we operate

Construction

Generates cash

3. Value we create

Transforming the built environment:

New housing, schools and colleges, commercial and critical services infrastructure, property services

for social housing, and regenerated towns and cities.

High-quality
projects:

92%

Perfect Delivery

Social value:

73p

per £1 spent on
80 projects

Helping our people
succeed:

674

promoted internally

Environmental value:

39%

carbon reduction
since 2019

Regeneration

Invests cash for long-term
value and provides
construction opportunities

Supporting our
supply chain:

68.8%

invoices paid
within 30 days

Shareholder returns:

114p

total dividend
per share

11

uodas 2Baens

apuewano5

squawiarers |eueUly