4 B oy) 4 ee a %
ys 4 Se,

yy

7
Ny, f

ae &

dnouo
TIVGNIS yZ0@ Woday jenuuy
NVSYOW 21d dnouy jjepuis ueSs0)

.

Contents

Strategic report

2024 in numbers

The quick read

Chief executive's statement
Our divisions

Business model

Purpose, values and strategy
Our stakeholders

Key performance indicators
Market conditions

Financial review

Capital allocation

Operating review
Responsible business strategy
and performance

Managing risk

Climate reporting

Section 172 statement

Ps

Non-financial and sustainability §

information statement
Going concern and
viability statement

Governance

The UK Corporate
Governance Code
Chair's statement
Board overview
Board of directors
Directors’ and corporate
governance report
111 Directors’ remuneration report
131 Other statutory information

Financial statements

136 Independent auditor's report

147 Consolidated financial
‘statements

184. Company financial statements

195 Shareholder information

197 Appendix - Carbon emissions
background and terminology

MISC is a provider of decision support
services for the global investment

community; its ESG ratings are used - |”

by the majority of our major shareholders.
CDP is a charity that runs the global ~
disclosure system for investors, compani¢s,
cities, states and regions to mariage their
environmental impacts,

We are the partnerships, —
fit out and construction"
services group:

Our record full-year perfolmance
_ in 2024 reflects gulaarensina and-:

bees

weg éontifiue ‘to Brioni

{ &

2024 in numbers

Strong operating
performance

Revenue

£4,546.2m

(2023: £4,117.7m)

Operating profit (adjusted*)

£162.6m

(2023: £141.3m)

Operating profit

£162.0m

(2023: £140.6m)

Secured workload

£11,419.3m

(2023: £8,920.2m)

Materiality

Financial strength and
shareholder returns

Profit before tax (adjusted*)

£172.5m

(2023: £144.6m)

Profit before tax

£171.9m

(2023: £143.9m)

Average daily net cash

£374.2m

(2023: £281.7m)

Total dividend per share

131.5p

(2023: 114.0p)

Our annual report aims to provide our investors with the information they
need to make decisions, for example on whether to buy, hold or sell our

shares, how to vote on their shares and whether to engage with our Board
on any issue, We have included information we believe is material to these

Social and
environmental value

Reduction in Scope 1 and 2
carbon emissions since 2019"

44%

(2023: 45%)

CDP Climate score

A

(2023: A)

Apprentices, sponsored students
and professional learning?

1,087

(2023: 966)

Lost time incident rate?

0.23

(2023: 0.24)

decisions and presented itin a wey that we believe is fair, balanced and
understandable. We recognise that this report will be read by a variety

of other stakeholders including employees, our supply chain, clients and
partners, funders and performance bond issuers, analysts and regulators.
Where we believe that a topic is material to many of them, based on our
latest materiality assessment (see page 39), we either include it in this
report or refer to other reports and information on our website. We believe
this approach meets the requirements of company law, the UK Corporate
Governance Code, the Companies Act 2006 and UK-adopted international
accounting and reporting standards, and that we go beyond these
requirements where we feel itis useful for the reader.

3

See note 28 to the consolidated financial statements for alternative
performance measure definitions and reconciliations.

‘The 2019 baseline for Scope 1 and 2 emissions was 20,903 tonnes CO,e.
‘This figure represents our UK and European operations. See Appendix
on pages 197 and 198 for emission scope definitions.

Includes number of apprentices, sponsored students and employees
undertaking national vocational and professional qualifications.
‘Number of lost time incidents x 100,000 divided by the number of hours
worked, Lost time incidents are those resulting in absence from work for
a minimum of one working day, excluding the day the incident occurred.

03

yodas Baers |

04

Morgan Sindall Group plc
Annual Report 2024

The quick read

Harnessing the energy of our people to achieve the improbable

Our business
* model

We generate cash from fit out and
construction services and invest in long-term
partnership schemes which in turn create
opportunities in construction.

1 Our specialist

+ divisions

Through six divisions, we provide fit out
and construction services and work in

partnerships to deliver housing and
mixed-use regeneration.

Our capabilities match the UK's growing
demand for affordable housing, regeneration
and investment in public, commercial and
social infrastructure.

Partnerships
= Partnership Housing
* Mixed Use Partnerships

Fit Out
« Fit Out

Construction Services
* Construction
* Infrastructure
= Property Services

OSee page 8

© See page 7

Our
* strategy

We pursue organic growth for the Group
through the exceptional performance of
our businesses.

* Values

Our purpose, culture, strategy and performance
are driven by our Core Values. We encourage
our people to challenge the status quo and
exceed our stakeholders’ expectations.

Our priorities
= Achieve quality of earnings

= Excel in project delivery

* Secure long-term workstreams

= Keep innovating to deliver on our Total
Commitments to our stakeholders and
wider society

* Maintain financial strength ‘n

© See page 10 © See page 10

The quick read continued

A decentralised
* approach

At the heart of our Core Values is our
decentralisation.

Our divisions are complementary but
different, and our decentralised approach
enables them to respond quickly to the
specific needs of their markets.

Our people are empowered to make
the right decisions for the business and
our stakeholders.

© See page7

Dedicated
* to our stakeholders

Long-term relationships, based on dialogue,
transparency and collaboration, are key to
our success.
Our key stakeholders
= Our people
* Supply chain
= Clients and partners

Local communities

Shareholders

Funders and performance bond issuers

© See page 11

6 Being a responsible
* business

We have made five Total Commitments
to our stakeholders and wider society.

© See page 38

8 Our Total Commitments

. are aligned with the United
Nations (UN) Sustainable
Development Goals

We believe we can have the biggest impact in
the following:

rr was sions 40) RCo
(covoutc oe SUE cscouumes

Visit morgansindall.com
for more information

05

yodas 2182325 |

06

Morgan Sindall Group pic
Annual Report 2024

Chief executive's statement

Another record year
for the Group

Our performance reflects the quality of
our diverse operations and the talent and
commitment of our people.

2024 was another record year for the Group, delivering.
significant double-digit growth for both adjusted profit before
tax and the full-year dividend, supported by our high-quality
order book. We have continued to make strategic and
operational progress and remain well positioned to support
the government's affordable home and social infrastructure
plans over the medium term. As a result, we have upgraded
the medium-term targets for four of our six divisions. Our
strong balance sheet, supported by a substantial average daily
cash position, has allowed us to focus on making the right
decisions to drive long-term sustainable growth while also
supporting returns to shareholders.

Our strategy for long-term growth

At the half year, we announced a new way of describing
‘ourselves, as the ‘partnerships, fit out and construction
services group’. We believe this better reflects the way the
business has matured and our specialisms have increased.
While it describes what we do as a Group, our individual
businesses remain absolutely autonomous and their brand
identities, which are very important to us, remain intact.

All of our three specialisms have their own dynamics and
strategic priorities, and each is at a different level of maturity
while remaining critical to the Group.

Partnerships consists of our Partnership Housing and Mixed
Use Partnerships (previously ‘Urban Regeneration) divisions.
These businesses have very strong brands, and everything
they do is in partnership. They need cash investment to grow
but will be a key driver towards profitable growth for the
Group in the medium to long term. Partnership Housing is
growing its long-term partnerships with the public sector,
while Mixed Use Partnerships has seen its order book grow
from £1,825.6m in 2023 to £4,084.9m in 2024 and signed
£2.36bn of development agreements during the year.

Fit Out is our most mature area. The business is the market
leader, generating a significant amount of free cash and
having almost no capital requirements. Our challenge here
is to maintain this position.

John Morgan
Chief Executive

Construction services includes Construction, Infrastructure
(including the BakerHicks design business) and Property
Services. This is one area where we wish to grow the
businesses carefully, as margin has and will be a huge focus.

If we hit challenging times, we would rather let the revenue fall
and preserve margins. Like Fit Out, these businesses generate
a significant amount of free cash and are capital-light.

Partnerships, fit out and construction services represent
everything we do, now and in the foreseeable future.

Creating shared value

As the business grows, we must remain committed to
operating as a responsible business by creating value for
communities and decarbonising our activities. In 2024,

we published our first Transition Plan for meeting our
science-based carbon-reduction targets and identified new
opportunities to achieve emissions reductions across the
Group. We also took action to improve our data collection
and to help our suppliers and clients reduce their emissions.

During the year, we refreshed our health and safety objectives
and developed ways to track our positive safety interventions,
which we believe will help further strengthen our safety
performance. We have also expanded our ways of measuring
and increasing the social impact of our projects; for example,
in collaboration with HACT, the Housing Associations’
Charitable Trust, and Simetrica-Jacobs, we have replaced our
‘Social Value Bank with the ‘Built Environment Bank, which will
better measure our contribution to social wellbeing. This year
we have reported our contribution as measured by the Social
Value Portal, which determined that our activities have
contributed £4.6bn in social value since October 2023.

Our outlook for 2025

While there is continued uncertainty in the wider
macroeconomy, we remain positive for the year ahead.

With our high-quality and growing order book spread across
a wide range of sectors, we are well positioned for the future
and on track to deliver an outcome for 2025 which is in line
with our current expectations. We remain focused on making
our business better and better, and better again.

Our divisions

Offering expertise that meets the
specific needs of our markets

Partnerships

Partnership Mixed Use
Housing Partnerships
Revenue Revenue
£861.2m | £90.5m
LOVELL Muse’
Partnerships with Transforming the
local authorities and urban landscape
housing associations. through partnership
Mixed-tenure working and the
developments, development of
building/developing multi-phase sites
homes for open and mixed-use
market sale and for placemaking.
social/affordable rent,

design and build smuseplacescom

house contracting,

and planned

maintenance and

refurbishment.

tovecouk

Partnerships

Fit Out

Fit Out

Revenue

£1,300.3m

gery

Fitout and
refurbishment in
commercial, central
and local government,
offices, as well as
further education

‘overturycom,

Morgan Lovell

Office interior design
and build services
direct to occupiers.

morgariovecouk

Fit Out

Construction
Services

Construction Services

Construction | Infrastructure | Property

Services

Revenue Revenue Revenue
£1,044.1m | £1,047.0m | £223.2m
MORGAN MORGAN MORGAN
SINDALL SINDALL SINDALL
‘consrmucrion ‘NAS TAUTTIRE PRoenT senvces
Education, healthcare, Energy, nuclear, rail, Response and planned
commercial, highways, water and maintenance services
industrial, leisure defence markets. for social housing and
and retail markets. the wider public

morprindstotasnicurecom | sector.
mer gpreindleorarsctonscm

cergreebpepenyarerico”

BakerHicks,

Infrastructure

includes the

BakerHicks design

activities based out

of the UK and

‘Switzerland.

bakes cam

07

qodas 2/8a1e.ns |

08

Morgan Sindall Group ple
Annual Report 2024

Business model

A diverse business creating long-term
value in the built environment

Our capabilities are aligned with sectors of the UK
economy which support the current and future
demand for affordable housing, urban placemaking
and investment in public, commercial and

social infrastructure.

Our decentralised approach allows our specialist
divisions to respond quickly to the needs of their
markets and achieve the best outcomes for our
stakeholders. See page 7 for detail on our divisions’
services and markets and pages 22 to 37 for an
update on their respective business environments.

We use cash from our fit out and construction
activities to invest in long-term housing and

mixed-use schemes delivered through partnerships,
which in turn provide opportunities for construction.
More detail on investment in our partnership activities
can be found on page 21.

For information on how we manage and sustain our
resources, see pages 11 to 13 (our stakeholders); 38 to
51 (responsible business strategy and performance);
17 to 19 (financial review); 22 to 37 (operating review);
and 52 to 62 (managing risk).

1. Our valued resources

Talented people

A positive health, safety
and wellbeing culture

Long-term client relationships

National network of
supply chain partners

Capability and experience
in delivering environmental
and social value

Technology for innovation,
efficiency and safety

Strong balance sheet and a
significant net cash balance

Business model continued

2. How we operate

Partnerships

Invests cash for long-term
value and provides
construction opportunities

Fit Out

Generates cash

Construction
Services

Generates cash

3. Value we create

Transforming the built environment:

New housing, schools and colleges, commercial and critical services infrastructure, mixed-use

urban places, and property services for social housing.

High-quality
projects:

91%

Perfect Delivery

Social value:

£4.6bn

as determined by the Social Value
Portal (see page 50 for detail)

Helping our
people succeed:

662

promoted internally

Environmental value:

44%

reduction in Scope 1 and 2 carbon
emissions since 2019

Supporting our
supply chain:

98%

invoices paid
within 60 days

Shareholder returns:

131.5p

total dividend
pershare

09

yuodas Bayes |

10

Morgan Sindall Group plc
Annual Report 2024

Purpose, values and strategy

Focused on exceeding our stakeholders’ expectations

Purpose

Harnessing the energy of our people
to achieve the improbable.

Values

Our Core Values define our culture and
drive our purpose and strategy.
The energy of our talented teams, together with

our deeply held Core Values, enables us to exceed
our stakeholders’ expectations.

We act responsibly
todo the right thing

We have a
decentralised

philosophy

© See page 92 for how the Board monitors our culture and ensures
it aligns with our purpose, values and strategy

We are a group of complementary but very different
businesses and every project is unique.

Through our highly decentralised philosophy, our people
have the responsibility and authority to make the right
decisions at pace.

We encourage our people to think differently and find
better ways of doing things. This way we can keep
exceeding our stakeholders’ expectations, even as those
expectations increase.

Strategy

Organic growth for the Group through the
exceptional performance of our businesses.

)

Achieve quality of earnings by selecting the
right projects aligned to our core strengths

Excel in project delivery for our customers
and end users

Secure long-term workstreams,
underpinned by our teams’ strong and
lasting client and partner relationships

Keep innovating to find new and
better ways of delivering on our
Total Commitments:

= Protecting people

* Developing people

= Improving the environment

= Working together with our supply chain
«Enhancing communities

Maintain financial strength, especially
in adverse economic conditions, with
a strong balance sheet, significant levels
of cash, attractive dividend policy, and
by investing in partnership activities
and growth

© See pages 14 and 15 for our performance against our strategic
priorities and pages 53 to 61 for our principal risks

Our stakeholders

Understanding our
stakeholders’ priorities

We develop long-term relationships through close working
and communication.

The quick read.

= The Board engages directly with our people,
shareholders, analysts and funders; our divisions
manage their relationships with their people, supply
chain, clients, partners and local communities

The executive directors are kept informed of the
divisions’ stakeholder engagement via regular
divisional board meetings and update the Board
as appropriate

Our people

The passion and expertise of more than 8,000
employees enable us to achieve the improbable
for our stakeholders. Thirty-six percent of our
people have been with the Group for six or
more years.

How the Group engaged

Our divisions engage with their people through surveys to

hear their views, conferences and other channels to keep
them updated on business performance, forums for gathering
ideas and innovations, initiatives to clarify career paths and
improve conversations between employees and their line
managers, and efforts to improve people's wellbeing and
increase social interaction between colleagues.

Examples of actions taken during the year in direct response
to feedback include the following:

= To enhance processes for career planning and
opportunities, Infrastructure launched ‘Development
Conversations’ and partnered with Cargyll leadership
development consultants and Ashton Business School to
launch a ‘Reach Higher programme. Partnership Housing
advertised all vacancies internally and 69 employees
were promoted.

To address concerns around workload and work-life
balance, Mixed Use Partnerships communicated its
resource planning as part of regional roadshows on its
strategic plan. BakerHicks strengthened its recruitment
team, enhanced parental leave payments and introduced
the opportunity for people to take a career break of up to
one year while their role remains open,

"1

Property Services held a series of Town Hall’ meetings
where points raised included questions about the future
financial performance of the business. The division held

its first senior managers’ conference in 2024 where it
presented a five-year growth plan, and provided its leaders
with content on its growth strategy to cascade to colleagues
throughout their respective business areas.

In response to comments related to safety, Fit Out has
recruited health and safety business partners for each of
its business units to provide proactive preventative health
and safety planning and to provide its supply chain with one
point of contact for incident reporting and investigation,
while Property Services is trialling a personal safety device
for operatives working alone.

How the Board engaged

All non-executive directors engage with employees as part of
our annual strategy review, visiting project sites and meeting a
broad range of employees, individually or in groups, sometimes
without senior managers present. Non-executives also meet
colleagues at divisional employee conferences and our annual
senior management conference. Divisional managing directors
and other internal experts present at Board and responsible
business committee meetings, and each year the Board meets
informally with representatives from two divisions.

No issues arose from discussions with employees in 2024
that impacted the Board's principal decisions. At its December
meeting, the Board conducted its annual review of the
divisions’ engagement with their employees and noted that
people were open, positive, engaged and willing to speak up,
which aligns with the Group's culture. The Board also
considered the effectiveness of its process for engaging

with employees, and concluded that it remains effective,

as it enables all non-executives to hear the perspectives

of a wide range of employees.

© See pages 40 to 43 for more information on our engagement with our
people during the year

Supply chain

Our national network of selected suppliers

and subcontractors are aligned to our values, and
we regard them as strategic, long-term partners.
Our strong relationships with our supply chain
help us achieve superior project delivery and

can give us a competitive advantage.

How the Group engaged

We engage through site inductions and toolbox talks
conveying our culture, values and standards, discussions

‘on topics such as safety, wellbeing and modern slavery,

and data platforms providing online resources. Group

and divisional networking events provide information on
upcoming projects, procurement prospects, health and safety
training opportunities, new technologies and site standards.

quodas 2Baxens ]

12

Morgan Sindalll Group plc
Annual Report 2024

Our stakeholders continued

We offer our supply chain constructive feedback and, where
needed, guidance on performance against set criteria.

Having launched our Supplier Code of Conduct in 2023,

which shared details of our whistleblowing arrangements and
encouraged our supply chain to let us know of any concerns
they have, we noted during 2024 a higher number of

calls made by members of our supply chain to our ‘Raising
Concerns’ helpline, indicating an increased level of engagement.

How the Board engaged

The Board regularly reviews the divisions’ payment practices,
health and safety statistics, and strategies and actions to
prevent modern slavery. The executive directors are updated
on supply chain relationships at their monthly divisional board
meetings and refer any significant issues to the Board.

During the year, the Board received regular reports on how
the divisions were supporting their supply chains to help
mitigate the risk of insolvency, for example by improving
payment terms for suppliers facing difficulties or by directly
procuring materials.

© See pages 48 and 49 for more information on our engagement with our
suppliers during 2024

Clients and partners

Our clients come from the public, commercial and
regulated sectors and our partners include local
authorities, landowners and housing associations.
We also consider the needs and interests of the
end users of the spaces and infrastructure we
create. Securing work through partnerships,
frameworks and repeat business is key to our
organic growth strategy.

How the Group engaged

Regular dialogue with our clients and partners before and
during our projects is essential so that we can understand and
deliver their objectives, Our decentralised approach means
we can tailor our services and respond quickly to clients from
different sectors, with different needs.

In response to feedback at a client engagement day held
during the year, Partnership Housing, as part of a ‘one tear’
approach on a newjoint development, will be selling both
open market homes and its partner's shared ownership
homes. Using just one show home and marketing suite,

for example, rather than two will be a more cost-effective
use of resources for the partnership.

Customer satisfaction and experience is a priority for us,
and we use post-completion surveys and interviews,

and metrics such as Perfect Delivery to drive ongoing
improvements. Fit Out learned from a framework client
that post-project reviews were not so suitable when dealing,
with a succession of fast-track, change-and-churn projects.

The division therefore developed an alternative approach
whereby it would conduct one session every six months to
gain higher-level feedback on what was going well, what could
be improved, and how the division could support the client's
needs going forward. The first feedback session was trialled
and well received.

Fit Out's framework client asked for advice relating to
managing the increasing complexity of their projects and for
support in helping them maintain their compliance with the
Disability Discrimination Act 1995. Other divisions’ clients have
also asked for support with regulatory compliance, such as
engineering standards, the Building Safety Act and laws
relating to damp and mould.

How the Board engaged

Executive directors are kept informed of client and partner
relationships at their monthly divisional board meetings and
update the Board on matters such as key contracts or new
relationships.

Local communities

We aim to create social and economic value for
those who live or work near our projects. Local
residents are a potential source of recruits and
local suppliers provide valuable local knowledge.

How the Group engaged

Dedicated community liaison teams engage with local
residents before and during projects. We have set up social
enterprises and other schemes that offer training,
employability skills and work opportunities and partner with
schools to promote construction as a career option. We also
support local charities and take part in local charitable events.

In 2024, Mixed Use Partnerships engaged with local people on
each key stage of the design process to transform Prestwich in
Greater Manchester. Two ‘community conversations’ included
drop-in events, community and school workshops, liaison
groups, bespoke social media channels, online Q&A and
questionnaires, of which 1,259 were completed and returned.
In response to what it heard from residents, Mixed Use
Partnerships altered its plans to include live event spaces and
a market hall, additional retail space, more green areas, a
direct, walkable route to the Metrolink, and more parking for
people with mobility challenges. The division also changed the
height and location of key buildings, such as a community hub,
and ensured that the designs embraced the town’s character.

How the Board engaged

The executive directors are kept informed of community
initiatives at their monthly divisional board meetings and
update the Board on any matters of interest.

© See pages 50 and 51 for more information an our engagement with
local communities during the year