BETA Close X Morgan Sindall Group plc has announced that as of 28 February 2026, its issued share capital comprises 48,026,802 ordinary shares of 5p each, with no treasury shares held. Consequently, the total number of voting rights available to shareholders is 48,026,802. This figure serves as the denominator for shareholders to calculate any notification obligations under the FCA's Disclosure and Transparency Rules regarding their interests in the company. Disclaimer* Morgan Sindall Group PLC 02 March 2026 Morgan Sindall Group plc 2 March 2026 Morgan Sindall Group plc ("the Company") Voting Rights and Capital In conformity with the Financial Conduct Authority's (FCA) Disclosure and Transparency Rules, the Company advises that, as at 28 February 2026, the issued share capital of the Company consisted of 48,026,802 ordinary shares of 5p each with voting rights. The Company currently holds no treasury shares. Therefore, the total number of voting rights in the Company's ordinary shares is 48,026,802 . The above figure may be used by shareholders (and others with notification obligations) as the denominator for the calculations by which they will determine if they are required to notify their interest in, or a change to their interest in, the Company under the FCA's Disclosure and Transparency Rules. Enquiries: Lisa Minns +44 (0) 20 7307 9200 General Counsel & Company Secretary This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Morgan Sindall Group (MGNS) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 3 hours ago Schroder Income Growth Fund 4 hours ago Oberon AIM VCT 4 hours ago Johnson Matthey 4 hours ago Sirius Real Estate Ltd. 5 hours ago GSK All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and