BETA Close X Morgan Sindall Group plc will announce its half-year results for the six months ending 30th June 2026 on Thursday, 23rd July 2026. The company, which operates in Partnerships, Fit Out, and Construction Services, will make the results available through the London Stock Exchange's Regulatory News Service and on its investor relations website. An analyst presentation will be held at 9:00 am on the day of the announcement at the London Stock Exchange offices. Disclaimer* Morgan Sindall Group PLC 02 July 2026 02 July 2026 Morgan Sindall Group plc Notice of Half Year Results Morgan Sindall Group plc, the Partnerships, Fit Out and Construction Services group, will announce Half year results for the six months to 30 th June 2026 on Thursday 23 rd July 2026. The results will be available via the London Stock Exchange's Regulatory News Service (RNS) and on the Investor Relations section of the company's website at https://www.morgansindall.com/investors/regulatory-news There will be a presentation for analysts at 9:00 am on the morning of the results at the offices of the London Stock Exchange, 10 Paternoster Square, London EC4M 7LS. Coffee and in-person registration will be from 8:30 am. For further details and to register your attendance, please contact Brunswick Group via email at morgansindallgroup@brunswickgroup.com Please note that for security purposes you must register to attend the presentation. For further information, please contact: Brunswick Group plc 020 7404 5959 Jonathan Glass Tom Pigott This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Morgan Sindall Group (MGNS) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 33 minutes ago Roadside Real Estate 1 hour ago Taseko Mines Limited NPV (DI) 1 hour ago Taseko Mines Limited NPV (DI) 1 hour ago Xeros Technology Group 1 hour ago Plus500 Ltd (DI) All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and