BETA Close X Morgan Sindall Group plc anticipates a 2026 financial year exceeding expectations, building on a record 2025 performance. The company's secured orderbook and preferred bidder work have increased by 17% to £19.1 billion. Notably, the Fit Out division's profits for 2026 are now projected to be significantly above the £80-100 million medium-term target, contributing to the overall positive Group outlook, while other divisions are expected to perform in line with previous guidance. Disclaimer* Morgan Sindall Group PLC 12 February 2026 This announcement contains information that qualified, or may have qualified, as inside information for the purposes of Article 17 of the Market Abuse Regulations (EU) 596/2014 (MAR). The person responsible for making this announcement is Kelly Gangotra, Chief Financial Officer. MORGAN SINDALL GROUP PLC Trading and Outlook for 2026 "Following a record performance in 2025, we expect 2026 to be ahead of expectations" Morgan Sindall Group plc ('the Group'), the Partnerships, Fit Out and Construction Services Group, today provides an update on trading for the 2025 financial year and the outlook for the 2026 financial year. During 2025, all divisions performed well with the Group on track to deliver an outcome for 2025 in line with current expectations. The Group also continued to make significant strategic progress across the wide number of sectors it operates in, entering 2026 with a record level secured orderbook and work at preferred bidder stage; up 17% to £19.1bn from the prior year. In particular, since the start of the year confidence levels have increased with regards to the conversion of preferred bidder work and future tender opportunities for the Fit Out division, providing increased visibility for the rest of the year. Fit Out's profits for 2026 are now expected to be significantly ahead of expectations and significantly above the top end of the medium-term target of £80-100m, driving a Group outlook for 2026 also ahead of expectations. All other divisions remain on track to perform in line with the Group's previous expectations. The Group will announce its full year audited financial results for the year ending 31 December 2025 on 25 February 2026. Enquiries Morgan Sindall Group John Morgan Kelly Gangotra Brunswick Jonathan Glass Tom Pigott Tel: 020 7307 9200 Tel: 020 7404 5959 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Morgan Sindall Group (MGNS) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 3 hours ago Schroder Income Growth Fund 4 hours ago Oberon AIM VCT 4 hours ago Johnson Matthey 4 hours ago Sirius Real Estate Ltd. 5 hours ago GSK All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and