CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (dollars in millions) 2024 2023 2022 Net income from continuing and discontinued operations $ 5,013 $ 3,380 $ 5,308 Pension and postretirement benefit plans adjustments Net actuarial (loss) gain arising during period ( 645 ) ( 971 ) 1,291 Prior service cost arising during period ( 36 ) ( 19 ) ( 131 ) Amortization of actuarial (gain) loss and prior service cost ( 174 ) ( 568 ) 129 Other 8 ( 51 ) 65 Pension and postretirement benefit plans adjustments ( 847 ) ( 1,609 ) 1,354 Change in unrealized cash flow hedging ( 228 ) 358 ( 143 ) Foreign currency translation adjustments ( 506 ) 562 ( 1,048 ) Other comprehensive (loss) income, before tax ( 1,581 ) ( 689 ) 163 Income tax benefit (expense) related to items of other comprehensive income 245 288 ( 266 ) Other comprehensive loss, net of tax ( 1,336 ) ( 401 ) ( 103 ) Comprehensive income 3,677 2,979 5,205 Less: Comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling interest 239 185 111 Comprehensive income attributable to common shareowners $ 3,438 $ 2,794 $ 5,094 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 70 Table of Contents RTX CORPORATION CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET (dollars in millions; shares in thousands) 2024 2023 Assets Current assets Cash and cash equivalents $ 5,578 $ 6,587 Accounts receivable, net 10,976 10,838 Contract assets 14,570 12,139 Inventory, net 12,768 11,777 Other assets, current 7,241 7,076 Total current assets 51,133 48,417 Customer financing assets 2,246 2,392 Fixed assets, net 16,089 15,748 Operating lease assets 1,864 1,638 Goodwill 52,789 53,699 Intangible assets, net 33,443 35,399 Other assets 5,297 4,576 Total assets $ 162,861 $ 161,869 Liabilities, Redeemable Noncontrolling Interest, and Equity Current liabilities borrowings $ 183 $ 189 Accounts payable 12,897 10,698 Accrued employee compensation 2,620 2,491 Other accrued liabilities 14,831 14,917 Contract liabilities 18,616 17,183 debt currently due 2,352 1,283 Total current liabilities 51,499 46,761 debt 38,726 42,355 Operating lease liabilities, 1,632 1,412 Future pension and postretirement benefit obligations 2,104 2,385 Other liabilities 6,942 7,511 Total liabilities 100,903 100,424 Commitments and contingencies (Note 17) Redeemable noncontrolling interest 35 35 Shareowners’ equity: Capital stock: Preferred stock, $ 1 par value; 250,000 shares authorized; None issued or outstanding — — Common stock, $ 1 par value; 4,000,000 shares authorized; 1,718,756 and 1,712,717 shares issued 37,434 37,055 Treasury stock, 386,633 and 385,810 common shares at average cost ( 27,112 ) ( 26,977 ) Retained earnings 53,589 52,154 Unearned ESOP shares — ( 15 ) Accumulated other comprehensive loss ( 3,755 ) ( 2,419 ) Total shareowners’ equity 60,156 59,798 Noncontrolling interest 1,767 1,612 Total equity 61,923 61,410 Total liabilities, redeemable noncontrolling interest, and equity $ 162,861 $ 161,869 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 71 Table of Contents RTX CORPORATION CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS (dollars in millions) 2024 2023 2022 Operating Activities: Net income from continuing operations $ 5,013 $ 3,380 $ 5,327 Adjustments to reconcile net income from continuing operations to net cash flows provided by operating activities from continuing operations: Depreciation and amortization 4,364 4,211 4,108 Deferred income tax benefit ( 47 ) ( 402 ) ( 1,663 ) Stock compensation cost 437 425 420 Net periodic pension and other postretirement income ( 1,326 ) ( 1,555 ) ( 1,413 ) Gain on sale of business, net of transaction costs (Note 2) ( 415 ) — — Change in: Accounts receivable ( 175 ) ( 1,805 ) 437 Contract assets ( 2,414 ) ( 753 ) ( 234 ) Inventory ( 1,474 ) ( 1,104 ) ( 1,575 ) Other current assets ( 402 ) ( 1,161 ) ( 1,027 ) Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 1,508 4,016 2,075 Contract liabilities 1,872 2,322 846 Other operating activities, net 218 309 ( 133 ) Net cash flows provided by operating activities from continuing operations 7,159 7,883 7,168 Investing Activities: Capital expenditures ( 2,625 ) ( 2,415 ) ( 2,288 ) Payments on customer financing assets ( 218 ) ( 117 ) ( 150 ) Receipts from customer financing assets 202 212 179 Investments in businesses — — ( 66 ) Dispositions of businesses, net of cash transferred 1,795 6 94 Increase in other intangible assets ( 611 ) ( 751 ) ( 487 ) (Payments) receipts from settlements of derivative contracts, net ( 142 ) 14 ( 205 ) Other investing activities, net 65 12 94 Net cash flows used in investing activities from continuing operations ( 1,534 ) ( 3,039 ) ( 2,829 ) Financing Activities: Proceeds from debt — 12,914 1 Repayment of debt ( 2,500 ) ( 578 ) ( 3 ) Proceeds from bridge loan — 10,000 — Repayment of bridge loan — ( 10,000 ) — Change in commercial paper, net (Note 9) — ( 524 ) 518 Change in other borrowings, net ( 4 ) 87 ( 29 ) Dividends paid on common stock ( 3,217 ) ( 3,239 ) ( 3,128 ) Repurchase of common stock ( 444 ) ( 12,870 ) ( 2,803 ) Other financing activities, net ( 452 ) ( 317 ) ( 415 ) Net cash flows used in financing activities from continuing operations ( 6,617 ) ( 4,527 ) ( 5,859 ) Effect of foreign exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents from continuing operations ( 28 ) 18 ( 42 ) Net (decrease) increase in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ( 1,020 ) 335 ( 1,562 ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, beginning of year 6,626 6,291 7,853 Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, end of year 5,606 6,626 6,291 Less: Restricted cash, included in Other assets, current and Other assets 28 39 71 Cash and cash equivalents, end of year $ 5,578 $ 6,587 $ 6,220 Supplemental Disclosure of Cash Flow Information: Interest paid, net of amounts capitalized $ 1,942 $ 1,464 $ 1,263 Income taxes paid, net of refunds 1,176 1,527 2,400 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 72 Table of Contents RTX CORPORATION CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY (dollars in millions, except per share amounts; shares in thousands) 2024 2023 2022 Equity at January 1 $ 61,410 $ 74,178 $ 74,664 Common Stock Balance at January 1 37,055 37,939 37,483 Common stock plans activity 379 610 485 Common stock repurchased — ( 1,500 ) — Common stock contributed to defined benefit pension plans — 7 — Purchase of subsidiary shares from noncontrolling interest, net — ( 1 ) ( 29 ) Balance at December 31 37,434 37,055 37,939 Treasury Stock Balance at January 1 ( 26,977 ) ( 15,530 ) ( 12,727 ) Common stock repurchased ( 225 ) ( 11,490 ) ( 2,803 ) matching contributions under defined contribution plans 90 — — Common stock contributed to defined benefit pension plans — 43 — Balance at December 31 ( 27,112 ) ( 26,977 ) ( 15,530 ) Retained Earnings Balance at January 1 52,154 52,269 50,265 Net income attributable to common shareholders 4,774 3,195 5,197 Dividends on common stock ( 3,217 ) ( 3,239 ) ( 3,128 ) Dividends on ESOP common stock ( 81 ) ( 56 ) ( 54 ) Other ( 41 ) ( 15 ) ( 11 ) Balance at December 31 53,589 52,154 52,269 Unearned ESOP Shares Balance at January 1 ( 15 ) ( 28 ) ( 38 ) Common Stock plans activity 15 13 10 Balance at December 31 — ( 15 ) ( 28 ) Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Balance at January 1 ( 2,419 ) ( 2,018 ) ( 1,915 ) Other comprehensive loss, net of tax ( 1,336 ) ( 401 ) ( 103 ) Balance at December 31 ( 3,755 ) ( 2,419 ) ( 2,018 ) Noncontrolling Interest Balance at January 1 1,612 1,546 1,596 Net income 239 185 111 Less: Redeemable noncontrolling interest net income ( 8 ) ( 8 ) ( 8 ) Dividends attributable to noncontrolling interest ( 123 ) ( 108 ) ( 132 ) Sale (purchase) of subsidiary shares from noncontrolling interest, net 33 — ( 19 ) Disposition of noncontrolling interest, net — ( 3 ) ( 13 ) Capital contributions 14 — 11 Balance at December 31 1,767 1,612 1,546 Equity at December 31 $ 61,923 $ 61,410 $ 74,178 Supplemental share information Shares of common stock issued under employee plans, net 6,039 1,757 2,894 Shares of common stock repurchased 2,116 141,712 29,935 Treasury shares reissued related to matching contributions under defined contribution plans 1,293 — — Shares of common stock contributed to defined benefit pension plans — 623 — Dividends declared per share of common stock $ 2.480 $ 2.320 $ 2.160 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 73 Table of Contents NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS NOTE 1: BASIS OF PRESENTATION AND SUMMARY OF ACCOUNTING PRINCIPLES The preparation of financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, and expenses. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Unless the context otherwise requires, the terms “we,” “our,” “us,” “the Company,” and “RTX” mean RTX Corporation and its subsidiaries. References to “Raytheon Company” mean Raytheon Company, which became a wholly owned subsidiary of RTX on April 3, 2020 during an merger transaction between United Technologies Corporation and Raytheon Company (the surviving company of which is RTX Corporation). We reclassified certain immaterial prior period amounts within the Income Taxes footnote to conform to our current period presentation. Legal Matters. As previously announced, in 2024 the Company resolved several outstanding legal matters, herein referred to as “Resolution of Certain Legal Matters.” The Company entered into a deferred prosecution agreement (DPA) ( ) with the Department of Justice (DOJ) and the Company settled an administrative proceeding with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) (the SEC Administrative Order) to resolve the previously disclosed criminal and civil government investigations into payments made by Raytheon Company and its joint venture, Systems (TRS), in connection with certain Middle East contracts since 2012 ( Systems and Related Matters). The Company also entered into a DPA and a False Claims Act (FCA) settlement agreement with the DOJ to resolve previously disclosed criminal and civil government investigations into defective pricing claims for certain legacy Raytheon Company contracts entered into between 2011 and 2013 and in 2017 (DOJ Investigation and Contract Pricing Disputes). Under these DPAs and the SEC Administrative Order, Raytheon Company and the Company are required to retain, among other things, an independent compliance monitor satisfactory to the DOJ and the SEC (for a term ending three years from the date on which the monitor is engaged) and are required to undertake certain cooperation and disclosure obligations (for a term commencing on the effective date of and the SEC Administrative Order, as applicable, and ending three years from the date on which the monitor is engaged). The compliance monitor will oversee Raytheon Company’s and the Company’s compliance with their respective obligations under the DPAs and the SEC Administrative Order. The DPAs further provide that, in the event the DOJ, in its sole discretion, determines during the period of deferral of prosecution that Raytheon Company or the Company have violated any provision of either DPA, Raytheon Company or the Company may be subject to prosecution for any federal criminal violation, including the charges against Raytheon Company in the relevant DPA. The SEC Administrative Order further provides that, in the event of a breach of the SEC Administrative Order, the SEC may vacate the SEC Administrative Order and institute proceedings against the Company. In the event of any such determination or breach, the Company may face additional adverse impacts. In addition, the Company resolved certain voluntarily disclosed export controls violations primarily identified in connection with the integration of Rockwell Collins and, to a lesser extent, Raytheon Company, including certain violations that were resolved pursuant to a Consent Agreement (CA) with the Department of State (DOS) (Trade Compliance Matters). The CA, which has a term, requires the Company to implement remedial compliance measures and to conduct an external audit of the Company’s International Traffic in Arms Regulations (ITAR) compliance program. The CA also requires appointment of an external, independent Special Compliance Officer (SCO). The Company appointed its SCO on September 27, 2024. As a result of the DPAs, SEC Administrative Order, FCA settlement agreement and CA, we recorded a combined charge of $ 918 million during the second quarter of 2024, which included $ 269 million related to the DOJ Investigation and Contract Pricing Disputes (in addition to amounts previously accrued), $ 364 million related to Systems and Related Matters (in addition to amounts previously accrued), and $ 285 million related to Trade Compliance Matters. In the fourth quarter we made payments of $ 580 million related to the DOJ Investigation and Contract Pricing Dispute and $ 384 million related to Systems and Related Matters. See “Note 17: Commitments and Contingencies” for additional information. Russia Sanctions. In response to Russia’s invasion of Ukraine, the U.S. government and the governments of various jurisdictions in which we operate, have imposed broad economic sanctions and export controls targeting specific industries, entities, and individuals in Russia. The Russian government has implemented similar and export controls targeting specific industries, entities, and individuals in the U.S. and other jurisdictions in which we operate, including certain members of the Company’s management team and Board of Directors. These government measures, among other limitations, restrict transactions involving various Russian banks and financial institutions and impose enhanced export controls limiting transfers of various goods, software, and technologies to and from Russia, including broadened export controls specifically targeting the aerospace sector. These measures have adversely affected, and could continue to adversely affect, the Company and/or our supply chain, business partners, or customers. As a result of the Canadian government’s imposition of sanctions in February 2024, including those imposed on U.S.- and entities from which we source titanium for use in our Canadian operations, we recorded charges of $ 175 million in the first quarter of 2024 within our Collins Aerospace 74 Table of Contents (Collins) segment. These charges are primarily related to the recognition of unfavorable purchase commitments and an impairment of contract fulfillment costs that are no longer recoverable as a result of initiating alternative titanium sources. Additionally, as a result of the sanctions on Russia and export controls, in the first quarter of 2022, we recorded charges of $ 290 million, $ 210 million net of tax and the impact of noncontrolling interest, within our Collins and Pratt & Whitney businesses primarily related to increased estimates for credit losses on both our accounts receivable and contract assets, inventory reserves and purchase order obligations, impairment of customer financing assets for products under lease, impairment of contract fulfillment costs that are no longer recoverable, and a loss on the exit of our investment in a joint venture. We continue to monitor developments, including additional sanctions and other measures, that could adversely affect the Company and/or our supply chain, business partners, or customers. Pratt & Whitney Powder Metal Matter. In 2023, Pratt & Whitney determined that a rare condition in powder metal used to manufacture certain engine parts requires accelerated inspection of the PW1100G-JM (PW1100) Geared Turbofan (GTF) fleet, which powers the A320neo family of aircraft (A320neo) (herein referred to as the “Powder Metal Matter”). See “Note 17: Commitments and Contingencies” for additional information. Summary of Accounting Principles. The following represents the significant accounting principles of RTX Corporation. Consolidation and Classification. The Consolidated Financial Statements include the accounts of RTX Corporation, and all wholly owned, , and otherwise controlled domestic and foreign subsidiaries. All intercompany transactions have been eliminated. For our consolidated owned subsidiaries, a noncontrolling interest is recognized to reflect the portion of income and equity that is not attributable to us. For classification of certain current assets and liabilities, the duration of our contracts or programs is utilized to define our operating cycle, which is generally longer than one year. Included within our current assets and liabilities are Contract assets and Contract liabilities related to our development and aftermarket arrangements, which can generally span up to twenty years. Use of Estimates. Our Consolidated Financial Statements are based on the application of U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP), which require us to make estimates and assumptions about future events that affect the amounts reported in our Consolidated Financial Statements and the accompanying notes. Actual results could differ from those estimates, and any such differences may be material to our Consolidated Financial Statements. Estimates and assumptions are reviewed periodically and the effects of changes, if any, are reflected in our Consolidated Financial Statements in the period they are determined. Cash and Cash Equivalents. Cash and cash equivalents includes cash on hand, demand deposits, and cash investments that are highly liquid in nature and have original maturities of three months or less. The estimated fair value of Cash and cash equivalents approximates the carrying value due to their short maturities. Accounts Receivable. Accounts receivable are stated at the net amount expected to be collected. Accounts receivable related to the commercial aerospace industry was approximately 79 % and 80 % of Accounts receivable, net at December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. We are exposed to credit losses primarily on our accounts receivable and contract assets related to our sales of products and services to commercial customers. The allowance for expected credit losses is established to provide for the expected lifetime credit losses by evaluating factors such as customer creditworthiness, historical payment and loss experiences, current economic conditions, including geographic and political risk, and the age and status of outstanding receivables. In certain circumstances, we may be able to develop reasonable and supportable forecasts over the contractual term of the financial asset. For periods beyond which we are able to make or obtain reasonable and supportable forecasts, we revert to historical loss experience and information. We determine credit ratings for each customer in our portfolio based upon public information and information obtained directly from our customers. We conduct a review of customer credit ratings, published historical credit default rates for different rating categories, and multiple aircraft value publications as a basis to validate the reasonableness of the allowance for expected credit losses on a quarterly basis, or when events and circumstances warrant. A credit limit is established for each customer based on the outcome of this review and consideration of the other factors discussed above. In certain cases, we may require collateral or prepayment to mitigate credit risk. Expected credit losses are written off in the period in which the financial asset is no longer collectible. Unbilled receivables represent revenues that are not currently billable to the customer under the terms of the contract and include unbilled amounts under commercial contracts where payment is solely subject to the passage of time. These items are expected to be billed and collected in the normal course of business. Accounts receivable, net as of December 31, 2024 and 2023 includes unbilled receivables of $ 374 million and $ 427 million, respectively, which primarily includes unbilled receivables with commercial aerospace customers. Other unbilled receivables where payment is subject to factors beyond just the passage of time are included in Contract assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheet. 75 Table of Contents Contract Assets and Liabilities. Contract assets and liabilities represent the difference in the timing of revenue recognition from receipt of cash from our customers. Contract assets reflect revenue recognized and performance obligations satisfied or partially satisfied in advance of customer billing. Contract liabilities relate to payments received in advance of the satisfaction of performance under the contract. We receive payments from customers based on the terms established in our contracts. Contract assets and Contract liabilities are generally classified as current as our operating cycle is generally longer than one year. See “Note 6: Contract Assets and Liabilities” for further discussion of Contract assets and liabilities. As described in more detail above in “Accounts Receivable,” we are exposed to credit losses on our Contract assets related to our sales of products and services to commercial customers and regularly assess our allowance for expected credit losses as it relates to our Contract assets. Inventory. Inventory is stated at the lower of cost or estimated realizable value and is primarily based on , (FIFO) or average cost methods. Valuation reserves for excess, obsolete, and inventory are estimated by comparing the inventory levels of individual parts to both future sales forecasts or production requirements and historical usage rates in order to identify inventory where the resale value or replacement value is less than inventoriable cost. Other factors that management considers in determining the adequacy of these reserves include whether individual inventory parts meet current specifications and can be substituted for a part currently being sold or used as a service part, overall market conditions, and other inventory management initiatives. Manufacturing costs are allocated to current production contracts. Equity Investments. Investments in entities we do not control are included in Other assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. For investments where we have significant influence, we apply the equity method of accounting, and as such, our share of the net earnings or losses of the investee is recorded. For investments where we do not have significant influence, we record them at cost under the measurement alternative and record adjustments for observable price changes. Equity investment income and losses are included in Other income (expense), net on the Consolidated Statement of Operations since the activities of the investee are closely aligned with our operations. We evaluate our equity investments whenever events or changes in circumstance indicate that the carrying amounts of such investments may be impaired. If a decline in the value of an equity method investment is determined to be other than temporary, a loss is recorded in earnings in the current period. Our sales to and purchases from unconsolidated entities accounted for under the equity method, which are considered related parties, are not material. Customer Financing Assets. Customer financing assets (CFA) relate to our commercial aerospace businesses in which we provide financing to airline customers. Our financing predominantly relates to leased engines, often provided through the customers’ aftermarket maintenance coverage, and to a lesser extent, notes and lease receivables. In certain limited circumstances, we pay deposits on behalf of our airline customers to secure production slots with the airframers, and such payments are included in Accounts receivable, net, if current, and Customer financing assets, if , in our Consolidated Balance Sheet. Any unfunded payments are included within our commercial aerospace financing commitments as further discussed in “Note 17: Commitments and Contingencies.” Interest income from notes and financing leases and rental income from operating lease assets is generally included in Other income (expense), net in the Consolidated Statement of Operations, while gains or losses on sales of operating lease assets are included in Products sales and Cost of sales. The current portion of these financing arrangements are aggregated in Accounts receivable, net and the portion of these financing arrangements are aggregated in Customer financing assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheet. The increases and decreases in CFA from funding, receipts, and certain other activity, are generally reflected as Investing Activities in the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows. Leased assets are valued at cost and reviewed for impairment when circumstances indicate that the related carrying amounts may not be recoverable. Notes and lease receivables are valued at the net amount expected to be collected. For notes and lease receivables, we determine a specific reserve for exposure based on the difference between the carrying value of the receivable and the estimated fair value of the related collateral in connection with the evaluation of credit risk and collectability. As of December 31, 2024 and 2023, the reserves related to CFA were not material. At December 31, 2024 and 2023, we did not have any material balances that are considered to be delinquent, on status, past due 90 days or more, or considered to be impaired. Fixed Assets, Net. Fixed assets, net, are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation. Major improvements are capitalized while expenditures for maintenance, repairs, and minor improvements are expensed. For asset sales or retirements, the assets and related accumulated depreciation and amortization are eliminated from the accounts. Gains and losses on sales of our Fixed assets, net, are generally recorded in Other income (expense), net. 76 Table of Contents Business Combinations. Once a business is acquired, the fair value of the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed is determined with the excess cost recorded to goodwill. A preliminary fair value is determined once a business is acquired, with the final determination of the fair value being completed no later than one year from the date of acquisition. In connection with the acquisitions of Rockwell Collins in 2018 and Goodrich in 2012, and to a lesser extent the acquisition of Raytheon Company in 2020, we recorded assumed liabilities related to customer contractual obligations on certain contracts with economic returns that were lower than what could be realized in market transactions as of the acquisition date. We measured these assumed liabilities based on the estimated cash flows of the programs plus a reasonable contracting profit margin required to transfer the contracts to market participants. These liabilities are being amortized in accordance with the underlying pattern of obligations, as reflected by the expenses incurred on the contracts. The balance of the contractual obligations was $ 654 million and $ 735 million at December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Total consumption of the contractual obligations for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022 was $ 81 million, $ 83 million, and $ 111 million, respectively, with future consumption expected to be as follows: $ 71 million in 2025, $ 82 million in 2026, $ 85 million in 2027, $ 83 million in 2028, $ 70 million in 2029, and $ 263 million thereafter. Goodwill and Intangible Assets. Goodwill represents costs in excess of fair values assigned to the underlying net assets of acquired businesses. Goodwill and intangible assets deemed to have indefinite lives are not amortized, but are subject to impairment testing annually, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate the asset might be impaired. The goodwill impairment test compares carrying values of the reporting units to their estimated fair values. If the carrying value exceeds the fair value then the carrying value is reduced to fair value. In evaluating our reporting units and intangible assets for impairment, we may perform both qualitative and quantitative assessments. For the quantitative assessments that are performed, fair value is primarily based on valuation methods, methods using a discounted cash flow model, relief from royalty methods, or a combination of such. These assessments utilize significant assumptions including sales growth rates, projected operating profit, terminal growth rates, discount rates, royalty rates, and comparable multiples from companies in our industry. Such assumptions are subject to variability from year to year and are directly impacted by, among other things, global market conditions. intangible assets are tested for impairment when events occur that indicate that the net book value will not be recovered over future cash flows. Intangible assets consist of patents, trademarks/tradenames, customer relationships, exclusivity assets, developed technology, and other intangible assets, including collaboration assets. Acquired intangible assets are recognized at fair value in purchase accounting. intangible assets are amortized primarily to Cost of sales over the applicable useful lives. Exclusivity assets are commercial aerospace payments made to secure certain contractual rights to provide product on new aircraft platforms. We classify amortization of such payments as a reduction of sales. Such payments are capitalized when there are distinct rights obtained and there are sufficient incremental cash flows to support the recoverability of the assets established. Otherwise, the applicable portion of the payments are expensed. In addition, in connection with our 2012 agreement to acquire ’s ownership and collaboration interests in International Aero Engines AG (IAE), additional payments are due to contingent upon each hour flown through June 2027 by the V2500-powered aircraft in service as of the acquisition date. These flight hour payments are being capitalized as collaboration assets and amortized to cost of sales. Useful lives of intangible assets are estimated based upon the nature of the intangible asset and how the intangible asset is used. These intangible assets are amortized based on the pattern in which the economic benefits of the intangible assets are consumed, as represented by the underlying cash flows, which may result in an amortization method other than . For both our commercial aerospace collaboration assets and exclusivity arrangements, the pattern of economic benefit generally results in no amortization during the development period with amortization beginning as programs enter full rate production and aftermarket cycles. If a pattern of economic benefit cannot be reliably determined or if amortization approximates the pattern of economic benefit, a amortization method may be used. The range of estimated useful lives is as follows: Years Collaboration assets 9 to 30 Customer relationships and related programs 3 to 30 Developed technology 3 to 25 Patents and trademarks 5 to 30 Exclusivity assets 5 to 25 Leases. As a lessee, we record a asset and a lease liability on the Consolidated Balance Sheet for leases with terms longer than 12 months. Leases are classified as either finance or operating, with classification affecting the pattern of expense recognition in the Consolidated Statement of Operations. 77 Table of Contents We enter into lease agreements for the use of real estate space, vehicles, information technology (IT) equipment, and certain other equipment under both operating and finance leases. We determine if an arrangement contains a lease at inception. Operating leases are included in Operating lease assets and Operating lease liabilities, on our Consolidated Balance Sheet. The current portion of our operating lease liabilities is included in Other accrued liabilities on our Consolidated Balance Sheet. Finance leases are not considered significant to our Consolidated Balance Sheet or Consolidated Statement of Operations. assets represent our right to use an underlying asset for the lease term and lease liabilities represent our obligation to make lease payments arising from the lease. Lease assets and liabilities are recognized at commencement date based on the present value of lease payments over the lease term. As most of our leases do not provide an implicit rate, we use our incremental borrowing rate based on the information available at commencement date in determining the present value of lease payments, and use the implicit rate when readily determinable. We determine our incremental borrowing rate through market sources including relevant industry rates. Our lease assets also include any initial direct costs and lease made at or before the commencement date and are reduced for any lease incentives received at or before the commencement date. Certain of our leases include variable payments, which may vary based upon changes in facts or circumstances after the start of the lease. We exclude variable payments from lease assets and lease liabilities, to the extent such payments are not considered fixed, and instead, expense variable payments as incurred. Variable lease expense and lease expense for short duration contracts are not a material component of lease expense. Some of our leases include the option to extend or terminate the lease. We include these options in the recognition of our assets and lease liabilities when it is reasonably certain that we will exercise the option. Lease expense is generally recognized on a basis over the lease term. In limited instances we act as a lessor, primarily for commercial aerospace engines for a short term during maintenance events. The majority of these leases are classified as operating leases. These leases are not significant to our Consolidated Balance Sheet or Consolidated Statement of Operations. Other Assets. We evaluate the potential impairment of other assets whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the related carrying amounts may not be recoverable. If the carrying value of other assets held and used exceeds the sum of the undiscounted expected future cash flows, the carrying value is written down to fair value. In order for assets to be considered held for disposal, we must have committed to a plan to dispose of the assets. Once deemed held for disposal, the assets are stated at the lower of the carrying amount or fair value. Income Taxes. Future income taxes represent the tax effects of transactions which are reported in different periods for tax and financial reporting purposes. These amounts consist of the tax effects of temporary differences between the tax and financial reporting balance sheets and tax carryforwards. Future income tax benefits and payables within the same component of a particular jurisdiction are offset for presentation in the Consolidated Balance Sheet. I n the ordinary course of business there is inherent uncertainty in quantifying our income tax positions. We assess our income tax positions and record tax benefits for all years subject to examination based upon management’s evaluation of the facts, circumstances, and information available at the reporting date. For those tax positions where it is that a tax benefit will be sustained, we have recorded the largest amount of tax benefit with a greater than 50% likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement with a taxing authority that has full knowledge of all relevant information. For those income tax positions where it is not that a tax benefit will be sustained, no tax benefit has been recognized in the financial statements. Where applicable, associated interest expense has also been recognized. We recognize accrued interest related to unrecognized tax benefits in interest expense. Penalties, if incurred, would be recognized as a component of income tax expense. State income tax amounts are included in income tax expense. We have elected to account for tax on Global Intangible Income ( GILTI) as a period cost, as incurred. Revenue Recognition. A majority of our revenues are from contracts associated with the design, development, manufacture, or modification of complex aerospace or defense equipment or related services. Collins and Pratt & Whitney primarily serve commercial and government customers in both the original equipment manufacturer (OEM) and aftermarket parts and services markets of the aerospace industry, while Raytheon primarily provides products and services to government customers in the defense industry. We account for a contract when it has approval and commitment from both parties, the rights of the parties are identified, payment terms are identified, the contract has commercial substance, and collectability of consideration is probable. For certain contracts that meet the foregoing requirements, primarily contracts that are directly with a foreign government, we are required to obtain certain regulatory approvals. In these cases, we recognize revenue when obtaining regulatory approvals is considered probable based on all known facts and circumstances. A performance obligation is a promise in a contract with a customer to transfer a distinct good or service to the customer. Some of our contracts with customers contain a single performance obligation, while others contain multiple performance obligations, most commonly when a contract contains multiple distinct 78 Table of Contents units (such as engines or certain aerospace components), or spans multiple phases of the product such as production, maintenance, and support. A contract’s transaction price is allocated to each distinct performance obligation and recognized as revenue when, or as, the performance obligation is satisfied. When there are multiple performance obligations within a contract, we allocate the transaction price to each performance obligation based on its standalone selling price when available. If standalone selling price is not available, we estimate the standalone selling price of each performance obligation, which is generally based on an expected approach. We consider the contractual consideration payable by the customer and assess variable consideration that may affect the total transaction price, including contractual discounts, contract incentive payments, estimates of award fees, flight hours, aircraft landings or other customer usage activities on maintenance contracts, and other sources of variable consideration, when determining the transaction price of each contract. We account for consideration payable to a customer as a reduction of revenue. Consideration payable to a customer may include cash amounts we are obligated to pay or expect to pay a customer, as well as credits or other items that can be applied against amounts owed to us. In our Collins and Pratt & Whitney businesses, we may offer customer incentives to purchase our products, which may result in payments made to those customers. When reasonably able to estimate, we include variable consideration in the transaction price at the most likely amount to which we expect to be entitled. We include estimated amounts in the transaction price to the extent it is probable that a significant reversal of cumulative revenue recognized will not occur when the uncertainty associated with the variable consideration is resolved. These estimates are based on historical experience, anticipated performance, and our best judgment at the time. We also consider whether our contracts contain a significant financing component, which they generally do not. Timing of the satisfaction of performance obligations varies across our businesses due to our diverse product and service mix, customer base, and contractual terms. Performance obligations are satisfied as of a for certain aerospace components, engines, and spare parts. Revenue is recognized when control of the product transfers to the customer, generally upon product shipment. Since billing also typically occurs upon product shipment, we generally do not have Contract assets or Contract liabilities balances related to sales. Performance obligations are satisfied over time if the customer receives the benefits as we perform work, if the customer controls the asset as it is being produced (continuous transfer of control), or if the product being produced for the customer has no alternative use and we have a contractual right to payment for performance to date. We recognize revenue on an basis for substantially all defense contracts and certain aerospace OEM and aftermarket contracts. Substantially all of our defense business revenue, which primarily relates to our Raytheon segment, and to a lesser extent Pratt & Whitney and Collins, is recognized over time because of the continuous transfer of control to our customers. For performance obligations satisfied over time, revenue is recognized on a basis generally using costs incurred to date relative to total estimated costs at completion to measure progress. Incurred costs represent work performed, which correspond with and best depict transfer of control to the customer. Contract costs can include labor, materials, subcontractors’ costs, or other direct costs and indirect costs. Our contracts with the U.S. government are typically subject to the Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) and are priced based on estimated or actual costs of producing goods or providing services. The FAR provides guidance on the types of costs that are allowable in establishing prices for goods and services provided under U.S. government contracts. The pricing for .S. government contracts is based on the specific negotiations with each customer. Under the typical payment terms of our U.S. government contracts, the customer pays us either performance-based payments (PBPs) or progress payments. PBPs are interim payments equal to a negotiated percentage of the contract price based on quantifiable measures of performance or on the achievement of specified events or milestones. Progress payments are interim payments up to 80-90% of costs incurred as the work progresses. Because the customer retains a portion of the contract price until completion of the contract, our U.S. government contracts generally result in revenue recognized in excess of billings which we present as Contract assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. For our U.S. government contracts, the customer generally pays us for our costs incurred within a short period of time. For .S. government contracts, we typically receive interim payments as work progresses, although for some contracts, we may be entitled to receive an advance payment. Such advances are not considered a significant financing component because they are used to meet working capital demands that can be higher in the early stages of a contract and to protect us from the other party failing to adequately complete some or all of its obligations under the contract. We recognize a liability for advance payments in excess of revenue recognized and present it as Contract liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. For certain of our aftermarket contracts, revenue is recognized over the contract period. We generally account for such contracts as a series of daily performance obligations to stand ready to provide spare parts, product maintenance, and aftermarket services. These arrangements include the sale of spare parts with integral services to our customers, and are generally classified as Services sales, with the corresponding costs classified in Cost of sales - services, within the Consolidated Statement of Operations. Revenue is primarily recognized on a basis using costs incurred to date 79 Table of Contents relative to total estimated costs at completion to measure progress, as sufficient historical evidence indicates that the cost of performing services under the contract is incurred on an basis. For some of our aftermarket contracts, we receive payment prior to delivery of products and services, resulting in a contract liability balance, while for others, we deliver products or services in advance of payment, resulting in a contract asset balance. Contracts are often modified to account for changes in contract specifications or requirements. We consider contract modifications to exist when the modification either creates new or changes existing enforceable rights and obligations. Contract modifications for goods or services that are not distinct are accounted for as part of the existing contract either on a cumulative basis or prospective basis depending on the nature of the modification. Loss provisions on contracts are recognized to the extent that estimated contract costs exceed the estimated consideration from the products or services contemplated under the contractual arrangement. For new commitments, we generally record loss provisions at contract signing except for certain contracts under which losses are recorded upon receipt of the purchase order that obligates us to perform. For existing commitments, anticipated losses on contractual arrangements are recognized in the period in which losses become evident. In estimating losses, products contemplated under contractual arrangements include firm quantities of product sold under contract and, in the commercial engine and wheels and brakes businesses, future sales of replacement parts required by regulation that are expected to be sold subsequently for incorporation into the original equipment. In our commercial engine and wheels and brakes businesses, when the OEM product is sold for a loss, but the combined OEM and aftermarket arrangement for each individual sales campaign is profitable, we record OEM product losses at the time of product delivery. We review our Estimates at Completion (EACs) at least annually or when a change in circumstances warrants a modification to a previous estimate. For significant contracts, we review our EACs more frequently. Due to the nature of the work required to be performed on many of the Company’s performance obligations, the estimation of total revenue and cost at completion is complex, subject to many inputs, and requires significant judgment by management on a contract by contract basis. As part of this process, management reviews information including, but not limited to, any outstanding key contract matters, progress towards completion and the related program schedule, identified risks and opportunities, and the related changes in estimates of revenues and costs. The risks and opportunities relate to management’s judgment about the ability and cost to achieve the schedule, consideration of delays or reductions in scheduled deliveries, technical requirements, customer activity levels, such as flight hours or aircraft landings, and related variable consideration. Management must make assumptions and estimates regarding contract revenues and costs, including estimates of labor productivity and availability, the complexity and scope of the work to be performed, the availability and cost of materials including any impact from changing costs or inflation, the length of time to complete the performance obligation, execution by our subcontractors, the availability and timing of funding from our customer, overhead cost rates, and current and past maintenance cost and frequency driven by estimated aircraft and engine utilization and estimated useful lives of components, among others. In particular, development programs involve significant management judgment, as development contracts by nature have elements that have not been done before and thus, are highly subject to future unexpected cost changes. Cost estimates may also include the estimated cost of satisfying our industrial cooperation agreements, sometimes in the form of either offset obligations or industrial participation (ICIP) agreements, required under certain contracts. These obligations may or may not be distinct depending on their nature. If cash is paid to a customer to satisfy our offset obligations it is recorded as a reduction in the transaction price. Changes in estimates of net sales, cost of sales, and the related impact to operating profit on contracts recognized over time are recognized on a cumulative basis, which recognizes the cumulative effect of the profit changes on current and prior periods based on a performance obligation’s in the current period. A significant change in one or more of these estimates could affect the profitability of one or more of our performance obligations. Our EAC adjustments also include the establishment of, and changes to, loss provisions for our contracts accounted for on a basis. Net EAC adjustments had the following impact on our operating results: (dollars in millions, except per share amounts) 2024 2023 2022 Total net sales $ ( 144 ) $ ( 452 ) $ 152 Operating profit (loss) ( 473 ) ( 648 ) ( 37 ) Income (loss) from continuing operations attributable to common shareowners (1) ( 374 ) ( 512 ) ( 29 ) Diluted earnings (loss) per share from continuing operations attributable to common shareowners (1) $ ( 0.28 ) $ ( 0.36 ) $ ( 0.02 ) (1) Amounts reflect a U.S. statutory tax rate of 21%, which approximates our tax rate on our EAC adjustments. 80 Table of Contents In addition to the amounts included in the table above, during the fourth quarter of 2024, as a result of obtaining critical licenses and further regulatory approvals, we restarted work under certain contracts with a Middle East customer and began recognizing revenue on these contracts. As a result, Raytheon recognized a net operating profit benefit of $ 102 million primarily related to reserve and contract loss provision adjustments. In addition to the amounts included in the table above, during the second quarter of 2024, Raytheon initiated the termination of a fixed price development contract with a foreign customer, herein referred to as “Raytheon Contract Termination,” and recognized a $ 575 million charge related to the impact of the termination. The charge included the of remaining contract assets and the estimated settlement with the customer. The contract termination was completed and customer settlement occurred during the fourth quarter of 2024, in line with previously accrued amounts. In our Collins and Pratt & Whitney businesses, we incur contract fulfillment costs for engineering and development of aerospace products directly related to existing or anticipated contracts with customers. Such costs generate or enhance our ability to satisfy our performance obligations under these contracts. We capitalize these costs as contract fulfillment costs to the extent the costs are recoverable from the associated contract margin and customer funding, and subsequently amortize the costs to Cost of sales as the related performance obligations are satisfied. In instances where intellectual property does not transfer to the customer, we generally defer the customer funding of product engineering and development and recognize revenue when the related performance obligations are satisfied. Capitalized contract fulfillment costs were $ 2.5 billion and $ 2.6 billion as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and are classified in Other assets, current in our Consolidated Balance Sheet and are included in Other current assets in our Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows. We regularly assess capitalized contract fulfillment costs for impairment. In 2024, we recognized impairment charges of approximately $ 0.2 billion and $ 0.1 billion at Collins due to a contract cancellation and as a result of the impact of initiating alternative titanium sources, respectively. See “Russia Sanctions” above for further information regarding initiating alternative titanium sources. In view of the risks and costs associated with developing new engines and the large investments required that often require returns generated over the full estimated life of the engine, Pratt & Whitney has entered into certain collaboration arrangements in which sales, costs, and risks are shared. Sales generated from engine programs, spare parts sales, and aftermarket business under these collaboration arrangements are recorded consistent with our revenue recognition policies in our Consolidated Financial Statements. Amounts attributable to our collaborators for their share of sales are recorded as cost of sales in our Consolidated Financial Statements based upon the terms and nature of the arrangement. Costs associated with engine programs under collaborative arrangements are expensed as incurred. Under these arrangements, collaborators contribute their program share of engine parts, incur their own production costs, and make certain payments for shared or joint program costs. The reimbursement from collaborators of their share of program costs is recorded as a reduction of the related expense item at that time. As of December 31, 2024, the collaborators’ interests in all commercial engine programs ranged from 13 % to 49 %, inclusive of a portion of Pratt & Whitney’s interests held by other participants. Pratt & Whitney is the principal participant in all existing collaborative arrangements, with the exception of the Engine Alliance (EA), a joint venture with GE Aviation, which provides aftermarket support, spare parts, and service for the GP7000 engine for the Airbus A380 aircraft. There are no individually significant collaborative arrangements, and none of the collaborators individually have more than a 25 % share in an individual program where Pratt & Whitney is the principal participant. The following table illustrates the Consolidated Statement of Operations classification and amounts attributable to transactions arising from the collaborative arrangements between participants for each period presented. (dollars in millions) 2024 2023 2022 Collaborator share of sales (1) : Cost of sales - products $ 3,348 $ ( 181 ) $ 2,058 Cost of sales - services 2,659 2,151 1,808 Collaborator share of program costs (reimbursement of expenses incurred): Cost of sales - products ( 194 ) ( 205 ) ( 154 ) Research and development ( 213 ) ( 208 ) ( 182 ) Selling, general, and administrative ( 110 ) ( 114 ) ( 105 ) (1) 2023 total cost of sales includes a net reduction of $ 2.6 billion related to our collaborators’ share of the Powder Metal Matter. Remaining Performance Obligations (RPO). RPO represents the aggregate amount of total contract transaction price that is unsatisfied or partially unsatisfied. Total RPO was $ 218 billion as of December 31, 2024. Of the total RPO as of December 31, 2024, we expect approximately 25 % will be recognized as revenue over the next 12 months. Approximately 45 % of our RPO relates to commercial aerospace maintenance contracts at Pratt & Whitney, which are generally expected to be realized over a span of up to 20 years. 81 Table of Contents Research and Development. research and development costs, including those costs related to the Company’s portion in connection with arrangements, are charged to expense as incurred and recovery on these arrangements is recorded as a reduction to research and development expense as earned. research and development projects performed under contracts with customers are accounted for as contract costs and reported as cost of sales on the related contracts. Foreign Exchange. We conduct business in many different currencies and, accordingly, are subject to the inherent risks associated with foreign exchange rate movements. The financial position and results of operations of many of our foreign subsidiaries are often measured using the local currency as the functional currency. Foreign currency denominated assets and liabilities are translated into U.S. Dollars at the exchange rates existing at the respective balance sheet dates, and income and expense items are translated at the average exchange rates during the respective periods. The aggregate effects of translating the balance sheets of these subsidiaries are deferred as a separate component of Accumulated other comprehensive loss in Shareowners’ equity on our Consolidated Balance Sheet. Foreign exchange transaction gains and losses are recorded in Other income (expense), net on our Consolidated Statement of Operations. Derivatives and Hedging Activity. We use derivative instruments, including swaps, forward contracts, and options, to help manage certain foreign currency, and from time to time to help manage interest rate and commodity price exposures. Derivative instruments are viewed as risk management tools by us and are not used for trading or speculative purposes. By their nature, all financial instruments involve market and credit risks. We enter into derivative and other financial instruments with major investment grade financial institutions and have policies to monitor the credit risk of those counterparties. We limit counterparty exposure and concentration of risk by diversifying counterparties. While there can be no assurance, we do not anticipate any material by any of these counterparties. We enter into transactions that are subject to enforceable master netting arrangements or similar agreements with various counterparties. While we have rights to offset multiple contracts with a single counterparty in an event of default, those obligations remain separate and distinct otherwise, and, as a result, the fair value of the derivative instruments in a loss position is not offset against the fair value of derivative instruments in a gain position in our financial statements. Derivatives used for hedging purposes may be designated and effective as a hedge of the identified risk exposure at the inception of the contract. All derivative instruments are recorded on the balance sheet at fair value. Derivatives used to hedge foreign currency denominated balance sheet items are reported directly in earnings along with offsetting transaction gains and losses on the items being hedged. Derivatives used to hedge forecasted cash flows associated with foreign currency commitments or forecasted commodity purchases may be accounted for as cash flow hedges, as deemed appropriate. Gains and losses on derivatives designated as cash flow hedges are recorded in other comprehensive income (loss) and reclassified to earnings as a component of products sales or expenses, as applicable, when the hedged transaction occurs. Cash payments or receipts on derivatives designated as cash flow hedges are recorded in Other operating activities, net within the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows. To the extent that a hedging transa ction is no longer an effective hedge, any ineffectiveness measured in the hedging relationship is recorded currently in earnings in the period it occurs. To the extent the hedge accounting criteria are not met, the foreign currency forward contracts are utilized as economic hedges and changes in the fair value of these contracts are recorded currently in earnings in the period in which they occur. Cash receipts or payments related to the settlement of derivatives not designated as hedging instruments are recorded as investing cash flows within the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows. Additional information pertaining to foreign currency forward contracts and net investment hedging is included in “Note 13: Financial Instruments.” Environmental. Environmental investigatory, remediation, operating, and maintenance costs are accrued when it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount can be reasonably estimated. The most likely cost to be incurred is accrued based on an evaluation of facts with respect to each individual site, including existing technology, current laws and regulations, and prior remediation experience. Where no amount within a range of estimates is more likely, the minimum is accrued. For sites with multiple responsible parties, we consider our likely proportionate share of the anticipated remediation costs and the ability of the other parties to fulfill their obligations in establishing a provision for those costs. Liabilities with fixed or reliably determinable future cash payments are discounted. A portion of these costs is eligible for future recovery through the pricing of our products and services to the U.S. government. We regularly assess the probability of recovery of these costs, which requires us to make assumptions about the extent of cost recovery under our contracts and the amount of future contract activity with the U.S. government. We consider such recovery probable based on government contracting regulations and our history of receiving reimbursement for such costs, and accordingly have recorded the future recovery of these costs from the U.S. government within Other assets, current in the Consolidated Balance Sheet. Accrued environmental liabilities are not reduced by potential insurance reimbursements or potential recoveries from pursuing other parties. We also lease certain properties and generally are not liable for remediation of preexisting environmental contamination at these sites. As a result, we generally do not provide for these costs in our Consolidated 82 Table of Contents Financial Statements. See “Note 17: Commitments and Contingencies” for additional details on the environmental remediation activities. Pension and Postretirement Obligations. U.S. GAAP requires balance sheet recognition of the overfunded or underfunded status of pension and postretirement benefit (PRB) plans. Funded status is measured at least annually in the fourth quarter and represents the difference between the plans’ projected benefit obligation (PBO) and the fair market value of the plans’ assets. Changes to our pension and PRB plans’ funded status can result from company actions, such as contributions, changes in plan provisions, or by gains and losses. Gains and losses are primarily a result of changes in assumptions and actual experience that differs from these assumptions. Major assumptions include the discount rate and expected return on plan assets (EROA). These gains or losses are recorded in other comprehensive income, net of tax effects, until they are amortized as a component of net periodic benefit (income) expense. A calculated “ value” of our plan assets is generally used to develop the amount of deferred asset gains or losses to be amortized. The value of assets is generally equal to the fair value of assets adjusted to reflect the recognition, and subsequent amortization, of the difference between actual and expected asset returns over a period. The value of assets is used to calculate the expected return on assets included in the net periodic benefit (income) expense. The Company has elected to use the “corridor” approach in the amortization of gains and losses, which limits the expense recognition to the net outstanding gains and losses in excess of the greater of 10% of the PBO or 10% of the value of assets. Gains and losses exceeding the corridor are amortized in net periodic benefit (income) expense over either the projected average remaining employee service period or the projected average remaining lifetime of inactive participants depending on the plan. Net periodic benefit (income) expense is classified between operating and , whereby only the service cost component is included in operating profit and the remaining components are included in pension income. Product Performance Obligations. We extend performance and operating cost guarantees beyond our normal service and warranty policies for extended periods on some of our products, particularly commercial aircraft engines. Liability under such guarantees is based upon future product performance and durability. We accrue for such costs that are probable and can be reasonably estimated. In addition, we incur discretionary costs to service our products in connection with product performance issues. The costs associated with these product performance and operating cost guarantees require estimates over the full terms of the agreements, and require management to consider factors such as the extent of future maintenance requirements, interval between flight and repair time, and the future cost of material and labor to perform the services. These cost estimates are largely based upon historical experience. See “Note 16: Guarantees” for further discussion. Government Grants. We may receive grants from various federal, state, local, and foreign governments in exchange for compliance with certain conditions relating to our activities in a specific jurisdiction. Grants are often structured to encourage investment, job creation, job retention, employee training, and other related activities. We recognize government grants when there is reasonable assurance that the Company will comply with the conditions of the grant and the grant is received or is probable of receipt and the amount is determinable. Government grants are recorded as a reduction to the related expense or asset to which the grant relates or recorded in Other income (expense), net in our Consolidated Statement of Operations. Government grant transactions are not material to our financial position, results of operations, or liquidity. Accounting Pronouncements. In November 2024, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) 2024-03, Disaggregation of Income Statement Expenses, which requires a tabular disclosure of the amounts of specified natural expense categories included in each relevant expense caption. Additionally, the amendments require the disclosure of the total amount of selling expenses and, in annual reporting periods, an entity’s definition of selling expenses. The new standard is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2026, and interim periods within fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2027, on a prospective basis. Early adoption is permitted. We are currently evaluating the impact on our disclosures of adopting this new pronouncement. In December 2023, the FASB issued ASU 2023-09, Income Taxes (Topic 740): Improvements to Income Tax Disclosures, to enhance income tax reporting disclosures and require disclosure of specific categories in the tabular rate reconciliation. The new standard is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2024, on a prospective basis. Early adoption and retrospective application are permitted. We are currently evaluating the impact on our disclosures of adopting this new pronouncement. In November 2023, the FASB issued ASU 2023-07, Segment Reporting (Topic 280): Improvements to Reportable Segment Disclosures, which expands the segment reporting disclosures and requires disclosure of segment expenses that are regularly provided to the chief operating decision maker (CODM) and included within each reported measure of segment profit or loss, 83 Table of Contents amounts and description of its composition for other segment items, and interim disclosure of a reportable segment’s profit or loss and assets. Additionally, the amendments require the disclosure of the title and position of the CODM and an explanation of how the CODM uses the reported measure(s) of segment profit or loss in assessing performance and deciding how to allocate resources. We adopted this standard for the annual period ending December 31, 2024 on a retrospective basis. We updated our segment disclosures to comply with the requirements. See “Note 20: Segment Financial Data.” The adoption of the standard did not have an impact on our financial position, results of operations, or liquidity. Other new pronouncements issued but not effective until after December 31, 2024 are not expected to have a material impact on our results of operations, financial condition, or liquidity. NOTE 2: ACQUISITIONS AND DISPOSITIONS Acquisitions. Our investments in businesses, net of cash acquired, in 2022 totaled $ 66 million and consisted of insignificant acquisitions. Dispositions. In 2024, 2023, and 2022 cash inflows related to dispositions of businesses were $ 1,795 million, $ 6 million, and $ 94 million, respectively. Our dispositions of businesses in 2024 primarily consisted of the dispositions discussed below. Our dispositions of businesses in 2023 and 2022 were insignificant. On March 29, 2024, we completed the sale of our Cybersecurity, Intelligence and Services (CIS) business within our Raytheon segment for proceeds of approximately $ 1.3 billion in cash, resulting in an aggregate gain, net of transaction and other related costs, of $ 0.4 billion ($ 0.2 billion after tax), primarily recognized in Other income (expense), net within the Consolidated Statement of Operations. On October 31, 2024, we completed the sale of our Goodrich Hoist & Winch business within our Collins segment for proceeds of approximately $ 0.5 billion in cash, resulting in a gain, net of transaction and other related costs, of $ 0.1 billion, primarily recognized in Other income (expense), net within the Consolidated Statement of Operations. On July 20, 2023, we entered into a definitive agreement to sell the actuation and flight control business within our Collins segment to Safran S.A. for gross proceeds of approximately $ 1.8 billion. During the fourth quarter of 2024, as a result of progress towards regulatory approvals, held for sale criteria was met. As such, at December 31, 2024, the related assets of approximately $ 1.5 billion and liabilities of approximately $ 0.6 billion have been accounted for as held for sale at fair value less cost to sell. Held for sale assets primarily include $ 0.7 billion of goodwill and intangible assets presented in Other assets and $ 0.3 billion of inventory presented in Other assets, current. Held for sale liabilities primarily include $ 0.4 billion of contract liabilities and other accrued liabilities presented in Other accrued liabilities. The closing of the transaction is subject to regulatory approvals and other customary closing conditions. This disposition does not qualify for presentation as discontinued operations. NOTE 3: GOODWILL AND INTANGIBLE ASSETS Goodwill. Changes in our goodwill balances for the year ended December 31, 2024 were as follows: (dollars in millions) Balance as of December 31, 2023 Acquisitions and Divestitures Foreign Currency Translation and Other Balance as of December 31, 2024 Collins Aerospace (1) $ 33,135 $ ( 676 ) $ ( 236 ) $ 32,223 Pratt & Whitney 1,563 — — 1,563 Raytheon 18,984 — 2 18,986 Total Segments 53,682 ( 676 ) ( 234 ) 52,772 Eliminations and other 17 — — 17 Total $ 53,699 $ ( 676 ) $ ( 234 ) $ 52,789 (1) The reduction in Acquisitions and Divestitures includes the reclassification of goodwill to held for sale assets. The Company reviews goodwill for impairment annually or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate the asset might be impaired. We completed our annual goodwill impairment testing as of October 1, 2024 and determined that no adjustments to the carrying value of goodwill were necessary. We assessed all of our reporting units using qualitative factors to determine whether it was more likely than not that any individual reporting unit’s fair value is less than its carrying value (step 0) and determined that no further testing was required. 84 Table of Contents Intangible Assets. Identifiable intangible assets are comprised of the following: 2024 2023 (dollars in millions) Gross Amount Accumulated Amortization Gross Amount Accumulated Amortization Amortized: Collaboration assets $ 6,159 $ ( 1,996 ) $ 5,810 $ ( 1,688 ) Exclusivity assets 3,692 ( 361 ) 3,460 ( 352 ) Developed technology and other 1,197 ( 698 ) 1,219 ( 635 ) Customer relationships 29,388 ( 12,401 ) 29,605 ( 10,683 ) 40,436 ( 15,456 ) 40,094 ( 13,358 ) : Trademarks and other 8,463 — 8,663 — Total $ 48,899 $ ( 15,456 ) $ 48,757 $ ( 13,358 ) We also completed our annual intangible assets impairment testing using a qualitative approach as of October 1, 2024 and determined that no adjustments to the carrying value of these assets were necessary. Amortization of intangible assets was $ 2.2 billion, $ 2.1 billion, and $ 2.0 billion in 2024, 2023, and 2022, respectively. The following is the expected amortization of intangible assets for 2025 through 2029: (dollars in millions) 2025 2026 2027 2028 2029 Amortization expense $ 2,104 $ 2,028 $ 1,914 $ 1,838 $ 1,701 NOTE 4: EARNINGS PER SHARE (dollars in millions, except per share amounts; shares in millions) 2024 2023 2022 Net income (loss) attributable to common shareowners: Income from continuing operations $ 4,774 $ 3,195 $ 5,216 Loss from discontinued operations — — ( 19 ) Net income attributable to common shareowners $ 4,774 $ 3,195 $ 5,197 Basic weighted average number of shares outstanding 1,332.1 1,426.0 1,475.5 Stock awards and equity units (share equivalent) 11.5 9.4 10.4 Diluted weighted average number of shares outstanding 1,343.6 1,435.4 1,485.9 Earnings (loss) per share attributable to common shareowners - basic Income from continuing operations $ 3.58 $ 2.24 $ 3.54 Loss from discontinued operations — — ( 0.02 ) Net income attributable to common shareowners $ 3.58 $ 2.24 $ 3.52 Earnings (loss) per share attributable to common shareowners - diluted Income from continuing operations $ 3.55 $ 2.23 $ 3.51 Loss from discontinued operations — — ( 0.01 ) Net income attributable to common shareowners $ 3.55 $ 2.23 $ 3.50 The computation of diluted earnings per share (EPS) excludes the effect of the potential exercise of stock awards, including stock appreciation rights and stock options, when the average market price of the common stock is lower than the exercise price of the related stock awards during the period because the effect would be . In addition, the computation of diluted EPS excludes the effect of the potential release or exercise of stock awards when the awards’ assumed proceeds exceed the average market price of the common shares during the period. For 2024, 2023, and 2022, there were 4.8 million, 9.6 million, and 6.2 million stock awards excluded from the computation, respectively. 85 Table of Contents NOTE 5: ACCOUNTS RECEIVABLE, NET Accounts receivable, net consisted of the following: (dollars in millions) 2024 2023 U.S. government contracts (including foreign military sales) $ 1,132 $ 1,147 Other customers 10,133 10,007 Allowance for expected credit losses ( 289 ) ( 316 ) Total accounts receivable, net $ 10,976 $ 10,838 The changes in the allowance for expected credit losses related to accounts receivable were as follows: (dollars in millions) 2024 2023 2022 Balance as of January 1 $ 316 $ 452 $ 475 Current period (recoveries) provision for expected credit losses, net ( 14 ) ( 92 ) 26 charged against the allowance for expected credit losses ( 7 ) ( 42 ) ( 42 ) Other, net ( 6 ) ( 2 ) ( 7 ) Balance as of December 31 $ 289 $ 316 $ 452 NOTE 6: CONTRACT ASSETS AND LIABILITIES Contract assets reflect revenue recognized and performance obligations satisfied in advance of customer billings. Contract liabilities relate to payments received in advance of the satisfaction of performance under the contract. We receive payments from customers based on the terms established in our contracts. Total contract assets and contract liabilities as of December 31, 2024 and 2023 were as follows: (dollars in millions) 2024 2023 Contract assets $ 14,570 $ 12,139 Contract liabilities ( 18,616 ) ( 17,183 ) Net contract liabilities $ ( 4,046 ) $ ( 5,044 ) Contract assets increased $ 2.4 billion during 2024 primarily due to sales in excess of billings on certain contracts at Pratt & Whitney and Raytheon, partially offset by an increase in the allowance for expected credit losses due to a customer bankruptcy recorded at Pratt & Whitney in the fourth quarter of 2024. Contract liabilities increased $ 1.4 billion during 2024 primarily due to billings in excess of sales on certain contracts at Raytheon. In 2024, 2023, and 2022, we recognized revenue of $ 7.2 billion, $ 5.3 billion, and $ 4.8 billion related to our Contract liabilities at January 1, 2024, January 1, 2023, and January 1, 2022, respectively. Contract assets consisted of the following at December 31: (dollars in millions) 2024 2023 Revenue recognized in advance of customer billings $ 30,226 $ 26,481 Progress payments ( 15,656 ) ( 14,342 ) Total contract assets $ 14,570 $ 12,139 For U.S. government contracts that provide progress payments, the U.S. government has title to the asset related to unbilled amounts. Contract assets are net of an allowance for expected credit losses of $ 491 million, $ 197 million, and $ 318 million as of December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022, respectively. The increase in allowance for expected credit losses in 2024 compared to 2023 was primarily related to an increase in reserves as a result of a customer bankruptcy recorded at Pratt & Whitney in the fourth quarter of 2024. The allowance for expected credit losses activity was not significant in 2023 or 2022. 86 Table of Contents NOTE 7: INVENTORY, NET (dollars in millions) 2024 2023 Raw materials $ 4,164 $ 3,911 4,493 4,162 Finished goods 4,111 3,704 Total inventory, net $ 12,768 $ 11,777 Raw materials, , and finished goods are net of total valuation reserves of $ 2.1 billion and $ 2.4 billion as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. NOTE 8: FIXED ASSETS, NET Fixed assets, net, consisted of the following: (dollars in millions) Estimated Useful Lives 2024 2023 Land $ 695 $ 743 Buildings and improvements 10 - 45 years 8,615 8,151 Machinery, tools, and equipment 3 - 20 years 19,738 18,904 Other, including assets under construction 3,735 3,594 Fixed assets, gross 32,783 31,392 Accumulated depreciation ( 16,694 ) ( 15,644 ) Fixed assets, net $ 16,089 $ 15,748 Leasehold improvements are amortized over the lesser of the remaining lease term or the estimated useful life of the improvement. Depreciation expense related to Fixed assets, net is recorded predominantly utilizing the method and was $ 1.8 billion in 2024, 2023, and 2022. NOTE 9: BORROWINGS AND LINES OF CREDIT As of December 31, 2024, we had a revolving credit agreement with various banks permitting aggregate borrowings of up to $ 5.0 billion, which expires in August 2028. As of December 31, 2024, there were no borrowings outstanding under this agreement. In addition, at December 31, 2024, approximately $ 0.7 billion was available under lines of credit primarily with global banks at our international subsidiaries. From time to time, we use commercial paper borrowings for general corporate purposes, including the funding of potential acquisitions, pension contributions, debt refinancing, dividend payments, and repurchases of our common stock. The commercial paper notes have original maturities of not more than 364 days from the date of issuance. As of December 31, 2024, our maximum commercial paper borrowing limit was $ 5.0 billion as the commercial paper is backed by our $ 5.0 billion revolving credit agreement. At December 31, 2024 and 2023, we had no commercial paper borrowings outstanding. During 2024, we had no new borrowings or repayments of commercial paper with maturities greater than 90 days. During 2023, we had no new borrowings and had $ 200 million in repayments of commercial paper with maturities greater than 90 days. During 2022, we had $ 1.4 billion of proceeds from issuance, and $ 1.2 billion of repayments, of commercial paper with maturities greater than 90 days. On October 24, 2023, we entered into a senior unsecured bridge credit agreement (Bridge Loan) with various banks permitting aggregate borrowings of up to $ 10.0 billion, to fund an accelerated share repurchase (ASR) and pay related fees and expenses. The $ 10.0 billion Bridge Loan was paid in full and terminated in the fourth quarter of 2023 upon receipt of proceeds from the $ 4.0 billion term loan facilities an

[truncated]