BETA Close X Empresaria Group plc announced that on August 28, 2026, its Remuneration Committee granted nil cost share options under its Long Term Incentive Plan to executive directors, awarding a total of 1,822,222 ordinary shares. The Chief Executive Officer received options for 1,000,000 shares, and the Chief Financial Officer received options for 822,222 shares. These awards are contingent upon achieving performance criteria related to profit growth and share price by March 2029. Disclaimer* Empresaria Group PLC 28 August 2026 28 August 2026 Empresaria Group plc ("Empresaria" or the "Company") Awards pursuant to the Company's Long Term Incentive Plan Empresaria (AIM: EMR), the international specialist staffing and recruitment group, announces that on 28 August 2026, the Remuneration Committee of the Company granted awards in the form of nil cost share options (" Awards "), pursuant to the Company's Long Term Incentive Plan (" LTIP "), to the following Executive Directors over an aggregate 1,822,222 ordinary shares of 5 pence each in the share capital of the Company (" Ordinary Shares "), as follows: Name Position Number of Ordinary Shares under Award Nigel Marsh Chief Executive Officer 1,000,000 Spencer Wreford Chief Financial Officer 822,222 Vesting of the Awards is subject to the achievement of the performance criteria of the LTIP over the holding period to March 2029, following release of the Company's preliminary results for the financial year to 31 December 2028. The LTIP's performance criteria are based on growth in profits and share price. - Ends - Enquiries: Empresaria Group plc Nigel Marsh, Chief Executive Officer Spencer Wreford, Chief Financial Officer via Alma PR Allenby Capital Limited (Nominated Adviser and Broker) Nick Naylor / Vivek Bhardwaj (Corporate finance) Tony Quirke (Equity sales) / Ian Jermin (Research) 020 3328 5656 Alma Strategic Communications (Financial PR) Sam Modlin / Rebecca Sanders-Hewett / Sarah Peters 020 3405 0205 empresaria@almastrategic.com Notes for editors: § Founded in 1996, Empresaria is an international specialist staffing and recruitment Group operating through a decentralised, multi-branded model across UK & Europe, Asia Pacific and the Americas. § Our specialist brands operate in diversified sectors and geographies, providing tailored talent solutions to clients and candidates in their local markets. We operate with three service lines: - Global workforce solutions - Operational outsourcing - Specialist recruitment § Empresaria is admitted to trading on AIM under ticker EMR. For more information visit www.empresaria.com. NOTIFICATION AND PUBLIC DISCLOSURE OF TRANSACTIONS BY PERSONS DISCHARGING MANAGERIAL RESPONSIBILITIES AND PERSONS CLOSELY ASSOCIATED WITH THEM 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / person closely associated a) Name A. A. Nigel Marsh B. B. Spencer Wreford 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/status A. A. Chief Executive Officer B. B. Chief Financial Officer b) Initial notification /Amendment Initial notification 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name Empresaria Group plc b) LEI 213800B2HE4EMMM7B313 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Identification code Grant of share options to acquire Empresaria Group plc 5p ordinary shares ISIN for Empresaria Group plc 5p ordinary shares: GB00B0358N07 b) Nature of the transaction Grant of nil cost share options under the Empresaria Group plc Long Term Incentive Plan c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price (exercise): Nil Volume(s): A. 1,000,000 B. 822,222 d) Aggregated information - Aggregated volume - Price 1,822,222 Nil e) Date of the transaction 28 August 2026 f) Place of the transaction Outside a trading venue This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Empresaria Group (EMR) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 2 days ago British American Tobacco 2 days ago Mitie Group 2 days ago Marks & Spencer Group 2 days ago Hammerson 2 days ago Reckitt Benckiser Group All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and