BETA Close X Empresaria Group plc has announced significant leadership changes with the appointment of Nigel Marsh as Chief Executive Officer, effective March 30, 2026, and Spencer Wreford as Chief Financial Officer, with a start date on or before June 24, 2026. Nigel Marsh brings over 30 years of global recruitment experience, including CEO roles at Medacs Healthcare and nGAGE Healthcare. Spencer Wreford, a former Group Finance Director and CEO of Empresaria, returns with extensive financial and operational leadership experience, holding 15,000 ordinary shares in the company. Following these appointments, Joost Kreulen will resume his role as Non-executive Chair. Disclaimer* Empresaria Group PLC 02 March 2026 The information contained within this announcement is deemed by the Group to constitute inside information as stipulated under the UK version of the EU Market Abuse Regulation (2014/596) which is part of UK law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018, as amended and supplemented from time to time. 2 March 2026 Empresaria Group plc ("Empresaria", the "Company" or the "Group") Appointment of CEO and CFO to the Board Empresaria Group plc (AIM: EMR), the international specialist staffing group, is pleased to announce the appointment of Nigel Marsh as the Group's Chief Executive Officer, effective on 30 March 2026, and the appointment of Spencer Wreford as the Group's Chief Financial Officer. Spencer's start date has yet to be determined due to him working out his existing contractual notice period but will in any event be on or before 24 June 2026. Nigel has a wealth of experience with over 30 years in recruitment operations across the globe, having previously served as Chief Executive Officer of Medacs Healthcare from 2003 to 2021 and Strategic Head of nGAGE Healthcare from 2021 to 2023. He has proven success in growing commercial businesses organically and scaling through strategic acquisitions. Additional previous positions include NPM Services Ltd and Strategy and Corporate Development Director at AXA Health. Spencer brings extensive senior financial and operational leadership across a range of sectors and organisations. He previously served as the Group's Finance Director from 2010 to 2018 and Chief Executive Officer from 2018 to 2019. As a result, he has a deep understanding of the Group and has worked closely with its operating companies on a wide range of financial and operational matters. Spencer was recognised in 2019 in the Staffing Industry Analysts' 2019 Europe Staffing 100 list. His most recent roles include Chief Financial Officer at Dataquest Group Limited, a B2B IT solutions provider, and The Penspen Group Limited, a designer of energy infrastructure. Spencer is a member of the Institute of Chartered Accountants of England and Wales, qualifying with Arthur Andersen. Following Nigel Marsh joining the Group Joost Kreulen will return to being the Group's Non-executive Chair. Joost Kreulen, Chair of Empresaria, commented: "I am delighted to welcome Nigel, and welcome back Spencer, to the Empresaria team at such a pivotal time for the Group. They each bring with them a wealth of experience to Empresaria, including in the specialist sectors that we operate in, and they will play leading roles in shaping and delivering on our strategy over the coming years." Additional disclosures required under the AIM Rules for Companies Nigel Marsh Pursuant to Rule 17 and Schedule Two Paragraph (g) of the AIM Rules for Companies, Nigel Philip Marsh, aged 63 is, or has during the last five years, been a director or partner of the following companies and partnerships: Current Past NPM Services Limited Planmatics Ltd Nigel Marsh does not hold any ordinary shares of 5 pence each in the Company. Spencer Wreford Pursuant to Rule 17 and Schedule Two Paragraph (g) of the AIM Rules for Companies, Spencer James Wreford, aged 54 is, or has during the last five years, been a director or partner of the following companies and partnerships: Current Past None C&I Engineering Solutions Limited The Penspen Group Limited Penspen Limited Manchester Jetline Limited Boardroom Impact Score Ltd Consol Partners GmbH Grupo Solimano S.A.C. Spencer Wreford holds 15,000 ordinary shares of 5 pence each in the Company. - Ends - Enquiries: Empresaria Group plc Joost Kreulen, Interim Executive Chair James Chapman, General Counsel & Company Secretary via Alma PR Allenby Capital Limited (Nominated Adviser and Broker) Nick Naylor / Vivek Bhardwaj (Corporate finance) Tony Quirke (Equity sales) / Ian Jermin (Research) 020 3328 5656 Alma Strategic Communications (Financial PR) Sam Modlin / Rebecca Sanders-Hewett / Sarah Peters 020 3405 0205 empresaria@almastrategic.com This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Empresaria Group (EMR) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 2 days ago British American Tobacco 2 days ago Mitie Group 2 days ago Marks & Spencer Group 2 days ago Hammerson 2 days ago Reckitt Benckiser Group All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and