BETA Close X Legacy UK Holdings Limited announced on October 22, 2025, that it does not intend to make an offer for Empresaria Group plc. This decision follows previous announcements regarding a conditional, non-binding indicative offer from Legacy of 62 pence per ordinary share in cash. Legacy no longer believes it has the necessary support from the new Empresaria Board or shareholders for the possible offer. However, Legacy reserves the right to make or participate in an offer for Empresaria within six months under certain conditions, including agreement from the Empresaria Board or a firm intention from a third party. Disclaimer* Legacy UK Holdings Limited 22 October 2025 NOT FOR RELEASE, PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION, IN WHOLE OR IN PART, DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, IN, INTO OR FROM ANY JURISDICTION WHERE TO DO SO WOULD CONSTITUTE A VIOLATION OF THE RELEVANT LAWS OR REGULATIONS OF SUCH JURISDICTION. THIS IS AN ANNOUNCEMENT FALLING UNDER RULE 2.8 OF THE CITY CODE ON TAKEOVERS AND MERGERS (THE "CODE"). THIS ANNOUNCEMENT CONTAINS INSIDE INFORMATION FOR THE PURPOSES OF ARTICLE 7 OF REGULATION 2014/596/EU, WHICH IS PART OF THE UK DOMESTIC LAW PURSUANT TO THE MARKET ABUSE (AMENDMENT) (EU EXIT) REGULATIONS (SI 2019/310) ("UK MAR"). FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE. 22 October 2025 Legacy UK Holdings Limited Statement regarding Empresaria Group plc Further to the announcements by Empresaria Group plc (" Empresaria ") on 30 July 2025, 26 August 2025 and 24 September 2025 regarding a conditional and non-binding indicative offer from Legacy UK Holdings Limited (" Legacy ") of 62 pence per ordinary share in cash (the " Possible Offer "), and following the changes to the board of directors of Empresaria (" Empresaria Board ") on 15 October 2025, Legacy no longer believes it has the requisite support from the new Empresaria Board or from shareholders of Empresaria for its Possible Offer. As a result, Legacy confirms that it does not intend to make an offer for Empresaria. This is a statement to which Rule 2.8 of the Code applies. Accordingly, Legacy and any person(s) acting in concert with it will, except with the consent of the Panel on Takeovers and Mergers (the " Panel "), be bound by the restrictions set out in Rule 2.8 of the Code. For the purpose of Rule 2.8 of the Code, Legacy, and any person(s) acting in concert with it, reserves the right to make or participate in an offer for Empresaria (and/or take any other action which would otherwise be restricted under Rule 2.8 of the Code) within six months of the date of this announcement: (i) with the agreement of the Empresaria Board; (ii) following the announcement of a firm intention to make an offer for Empresaria by or on behalf of a third party; (iii) if Empresaria announces a Rule 9 waiver proposal (as described in Note 1 on Dispensations from Rule 9 of the Code) or a reverse takeover (as defined in the Code); or (iv) if there has been a material change of circumstances (as determined by the Panel). Enquiries: Zeus (Financial Adviser to Legacy) Tel: +44 (0)161 831 1512 James Edis Jake Walker Important Notices Zeus Capital Limited ("Zeus"), which is authorised and regulated in the United Kingdom by the Financial Conduct Authority, is acting as financial adviser for Legacy and no one else in connection with the matters set out in this announcement and will not regard any other person as its client in relation to the matters in this announcement and will not be responsible to anyone other than Legacy for providing the protections afforded to clients of Zeus, nor for providing advice in relation to any matter referred to herein. This announcement is not intended to, and does not, constitute or form part of any offer, invitation or the solicitation of an offer to purchase, otherwise acquire, subscribe for, sell or otherwise dispose of, any securities whether pursuant to this announcement or otherwise or the solicitation of any vote in any jurisdiction. The distribution of this announcement in jurisdictions outside the United Kingdom may be restricted by law and therefore persons into whose possession this announcement comes should inform themselves about and observe such restrictions. Any failure to comply with the restrictions may constitute a violation of the securities law of any such jurisdiction. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Empresaria Group (EMR) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 2 days ago British American Tobacco 2 days ago Mitie Group 2 days ago Marks & Spencer Group 2 days ago Hammerson 2 days ago Reckitt Benckiser Group All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and