BETA Close X Empresaria Group plc has announced that Spencer Wreford will officially begin as Chief Financial Officer on May 1, 2026. The company also stated that its financial year 2025 results, originally expected on April 24, 2026, will now be published on May 18, 2026, due to delays in the audit process caused by information flow between the UK auditor and overseas entities. Despite this delay, the board confirms that the trading update issued on January 29, 2026, remains accurate. Disclaimer* Empresaria Group PLC 20 April 2026 20 April 2026 Empresaria Group plc ("Empresaria", the "Company" or the "Group") Update in relation to CFO and change of the date of the announcement of the results Empresaria Group plc (AIM: EMR), the international specialist staffing group, announces that, further to the Group's announcement on 2 March 2026, Spencer Wreford will officially commence his role as the Group's Chief Financial Officer on 1 May 2026. Separately, on 29 January 2026, the Group announced, inter alia , that it expects to announce its results for the financial year ended 31 December 2025 ("FY 2025") on 24 April 2026. The Group has made substantial progress in relation to the preparation of its financial statements for FY 2025 and is nearing completion of the audit process. Notwithstanding this, and despite the best efforts of all parties, the Group's auditor in the United Kingdom, who was recently appointed on 14 November 2025, have informed the Group that they require further time to complete their audit and the procedures with respect to FY 2025. The Group understands that the primary reason for the delay in the audit being completed relates to the flow of information between the Group's auditor in the United Kingdom and auditors of the Group's entities overseas. Consequently, the Group now expects to publish its FY 2025 results on 18 May 2026. Notwithstanding the delay in the finalisation of the FY 2025 audit, Empresaria's board confirm that the trading update issued by the Group on 29 January 2026 remains correct in all respects. - Ends - Enquiries: Empresaria Group plc Nigel Marsh, Chief Executive Officer James Chapman, General Counsel & Company Secretary via Alma PR Allenby Capital Limited (Nominated Adviser and Broker) Nick Naylor / Vivek Bhardwaj (Corporate finance) Tony Quirke (Equity sales) / Ian Jermin (Research) 020 3328 5656 Alma Strategic Communications (Financial PR) Sam Modlin / Rebecca Sanders-Hewett / Sarah Peters 020 3405 0205 empresaria@almastrategic.com This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Empresaria Group (EMR) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 2 days ago British American Tobacco 2 days ago Mitie Group 2 days ago Marks & Spencer Group 2 days ago Hammerson 2 days ago Reckitt Benckiser Group All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and