BETA Close X Empresaria Group PLC announced an extension to the Rule 2.6 deadline regarding the possible cash offer by Legacy UK Holdings Limited for the entire issued and to be issued share capital of Empresaria at 62 pence per ordinary share. The original deadline of 5:00 pm on September 24, 2025, has been extended by the Panel on Takeovers and Mergers. Legacy now has until 5:00 pm on October 22, 2025, to announce a firm intention to make an offer or state that it does not intend to make an offer. There is no certainty that an offer will be made. Disclaimer* Empresaria Group PLC 24 September 2025 NOT FOR RELEASE, PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION, IN WHOLE OR IN PART, IN, INTO OR FROM ANY JURISDICTION WHERE TO DO SO WOULD CONSTITUTE A VIOLATION OF THE RELEVANT LAWS OF SUCH JURISDICTION. THIS IS AN ANNOUNCEMENT FALLING UNDER RULE 2.4 OF THE CITY CODE ON TAKEOVERS AND MERGERS (THE "CODE") AND DOES NOT CONSTITUTE AN ANNOUNCEMENT OF A FIRM INTENTION TO MAKE AN OFFER UNDER RULE 2.7 OF THE CODE. THERE CAN BE NO CERTAINTY THAT ANY FIRM OFFER WILL BE MADE NOR AS TO THE TERMS ON WHICH ANY FIRM OFFER MIGHT BE MADE. THIS ANNOUNCEMENT CONTAINS INSIDE INFORMATION 24 September 2025 Empresaria Group plc Extension of Rule 2.6 Deadline On 30 July 2025, Empresaria Group plc (AIM: EMR), the international specialist staffing group (" Empresaria " or the " Company ") announced that it had received a non-binding indicative proposal regarding a possible cash offer by Legacy UK Holdings Limited (" Legacy "), for the entire issued and to be issued share capital of Empresaria at a price of 62 pence per ordinary share, payable in cash on completion (the " Possible Offer "). The Company and Legacy remain in positive discussions concerning the Possible Offer and Legacy's due diligence is progressing. Empresaria has requested, and the Panel on Takeovers and Mergers (the "Panel" ) has consented to, an extension of the current deadline of 5.00 pm on 24 September 2025 by which time Legacy was required to, in accordance with Rule 2.6(a) of the Code, either announce a firm intention to make an offer for the Company under Rule 2.7 of the Code or announce that it does not intend to make an offer, in which case the announcement will be treated as a statement to which Rule 2.8 of the Code applies. Accordingly, in accordance with Rule 2.6(a) of the Code, Legacy is now required, by not later than 5.00 pm on 22 October 2025, to either announce a firm intention to make an offer in accordance with Rule 2.7 of the Code or announce that it does not intend to make an offer, in which case the announcement will be treated as a statement to which Rule 2.8 of the Code applies. This revised deadline may only be extended with the consent of the Panel, at Empresaria's request, in accordance with Rule 2.6(c) of the Code. There can be no certainty that an offer will be made. The individual responsible for releasing this announcement is Rhona Driggs, Chief Executive Officer of the Company. Enquiries: Empresaria Group plc Via Canaccord Genuity Rhona Driggs, Chief Executive Officer Tim Anderson, Chief Financial Officer Canaccord Genuity (Financial Adviser, Rule 3 Adviser and Joint Broker) Tel: +44 (0) 20 7523 8300 Chris Robinson Ben Spencer Bobbie Hilliam Harry Rees Singer Capital Markets (Nominated Adviser and Joint Broker) Tel: +44 (0) 20 7496 3000 Alex Bond Peter Steel Oliver Platts Notice related to financial advisers Canaccord Genuity Limited (" Canaccord Genuity "), which is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority (the "FCA" ) in the United Kingdom, is acting as financial adviser to Empresaria and no one else in connection with the matters described in this announcement and will not be responsible to anyone other than Empresaria for providing the protections afforded to clients of Canaccord Genuity nor for providing advice in connection with the matters referred to herein. Neither Canaccord Genuity nor any of its subsidiaries, branches or affiliates owes or accepts any duty, liability or responsibility whatsoever (whether direct or indirect, whether in contract, in tort, under statute or otherwise) to any person who is not a client of Canaccord Genuity in connection with this announcement, any statement contained herein, any offer or otherwise. Singer Capital Markets Advisory LLP (" Singer Capital Markets "), which is authorised and regulated by the FCA, is acting as nominated adviser to the Company and no one else in connection with the matters described in this announcement. Singer Capital Markets will not be responsible to anyone other than the Company for providing the protections afforded to its clients or for providing advice in relation to the contents of this announcement or any possible offer for the Company or arrangement referred to herein. Neither Singer Capital Markets nor any of its subsidiaries, branches or affiliates owes or accepts any duty, liability or responsibility whatsoever (whether direct or indirect, whether in contract, in tort, under statute or otherwise) to any person who is not a client of Singer Capital Markets in connection with this announcement, any statement contained herein, any offer or otherwise. Disclosure requirements of the Code: Under Rule 8.3(a) of the Code, any person who is interested in 1% or more of any class of relevant securities of Empresaria or of any securities exchange offeror (being any offeror other than an offeror in respect of which it has been announced that its offer is, or is likely to be, solely in cash) must make an Opening Position Disclosure following the commencement of the offer period and, if later, following the announcement in which any securities exchange offeror is first identified. An Opening Position Disclosure must contain details of the person's interests and short positions in, and rights to subscribe for, any relevant securities of each of (i) Empresaria and (ii) any securities exchange offeror(s). An Opening Position Disclosure by a person to whom Rule 8.3(a) applies must be made by no later than 3.30 p.m. (London time) on the 10th business day following the commencement of the offer period and, if appropriate, by no later than 3.30 p.m. (London time) on the 10th business day following the announcement in which any securities exchange offeror is first identified. Relevant persons who deal in the relevant securities of Empresaria or of a securities exchange offeror prior to the deadline for making an Opening Position Disclosure must instead make a Dealing Disclosure. Under Rule 8.3(b) of the Code, any person who is, or becomes, interested in 1% or more of any class of relevant securities of Empresaria or of any securities exchange offeror must make a Dealing Disclosure if the person deals in any relevant securities of Empresaria or of any securities exchange offeror. A Dealing Disclosure must contain details of the dealing concerned and of the person's interests and short positions in, and rights to subscribe for, any relevant securities of each of (i) Empresaria and (ii) any securities exchange offeror(s), save to the extent that these details have previously been disclosed under Rule 8. A Dealing Disclosure by a person to whom Rule 8.3(b) applies must be made by no later than 3.30 p.m. (London time) on the business day following the date of the relevant dealing. If two or more persons act together pursuant to an agreement or understanding, whether formal or informal, to acquire or control an interest in relevant securities of Empresaria or a securities exchange offeror, they will be deemed to be a single person for the purpose of Rule 8.3. Opening Position Disclosures must also be made by Empresaria and by any offeror and Dealing Disclosures must also be made by Empresaria, by any offeror and by any persons acting in concert with any of them (see Rules 8.1, 8.2 and 8.4). Details of the offeree and offeror companies in respect of whose relevant securities Opening Position Disclosures and Dealing Disclosures must be made can be found in the Disclosure Table on the Takeover Panel's website at www.thetakeoverpanel.org.uk, including details of the number of relevant securities in issue, when the offer period commenced and when any offeror was first identified. You should contact the Panel's Market Surveillance Unit on +44 (0)20 7638 0129 if you are in any doubt as to whether you are required to make an Opening Position Disclosure or a Dealing Disclosure. Rule 26.1 disclosure In accordance with Rule 26.1 of the Code, a copy of this announcement will be available at www.empresaria.com, by no later than 12 noon (London time) on the business day following this announcement. The content of the website referred to in this announcement is not incorporated into and does not form part of this announcement. Additional Information This announcement is not intended to, and does not, constitute or form part of any offer, invitation or the solicitation of an offer to purchase, otherwise acquire, subscribe for, sell or otherwise dispose of, any securities whether pursuant to this announcement or otherwise or the solicitation of any vote in any jurisdiction. The distribution of this announcement in jurisdictions outside the United Kingdom may be restricted by law and therefore persons into whose possession this announcement comes should inform themselves about, and observe such restrictions. Any failure to comply with the restrictions may constitute a violation of the securities law of any such jurisdiction. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Empresaria Group (EMR) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 2 days ago British American Tobacco 2 days ago Mitie Group 2 days ago Marks & Spencer Group 2 days ago Hammerson 2 days ago Reckitt Benckiser Group All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and