BETA Close X Empresaria Group plc announced that Tim Anderson is stepping down as CFO and from the Board with immediate effect, following a prior notification on November 12, 2025. Anderson will remain available to assist the finance team with the audited results for the year ended December 31, 2025. The Chair expressed gratitude for Anderson's eight years of contribution to the company. Disclaimer* Empresaria Group PLC 22 January 2026 22 January 2026 Empresaria Group plc ("Empresaria" or the "Company") Directorate change Empresaria Group plc (AIM: EMR), the international specialist staffing group, announces that, further to the Company's notification on 12 November 2025, Tim Anderson is stepping down from his role as CFO and from the Board with immediate effect. Tim will remain available to assist the Company's finance team in relation to the Company's audited results for the year ended 31 December 2025. Joost Kreulen, Chair of Empresaria, commented: "I want to thank Tim for his contribution to Empresaria over the last eight years and to wish him well for the future." - Ends - Enquiries: Empresaria Group plc Joost Kreulen, Chair via Alma PR Allenby Capital Limited (Nominated Adviser and Joint Broker) Nick Naylor / Jeremy Porter / Vivek Bhardwaj 020 3328 5656 Alma Strategic Communications (Financial PR) Sam Modlin / Rebecca Sanders-Hewett / Will Merison 020 3405 0205 empresaria@almastrategic.com This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Empresaria Group (EMR) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 2 days ago British American Tobacco 2 days ago Mitie Group 2 days ago Marks & Spencer Group 2 days ago Hammerson 2 days ago Reckitt Benckiser Group All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and