BETA Close X Empresaria Group plc announced that its Chief Financial Officer, Tim Anderson, is taking a leave of absence, with the board implementing cover arrangements and seeking an interim non-board finance consultant. The company is progressing with its audited results for the year ending 31 December 2025 and budgeting for 2026. A comprehensive review of the Group's operations, initiated on 23 October 2025, aims to address challenges, stabilize operations through efficiency and cost discipline, strengthen management relationships, and position the Group for market recovery. The Board anticipates providing a further update to shareholders in early 2026. Disclaimer* Empresaria Group PLC 12 November 2025 The information contained within this announcement was deemed by the Company to constitute inside information as stipulated under the UK Market Abuse Regulation ("UK MAR") 12 November 2025 Empresaria Group plc ("Empresaria" or the "Company" and, together with its subsidiary undertakings, the "Group") CFO leave of absence and corporate update Empresaria Group plc (AIM: EMR), the international specialist staffing group, announces that Tim Anderson , Empresaria's Chief Financial Officer, is taking a leave of absence from the business. The board of directors of Empresaria (the " Board ") looks forward to welcoming back Tim in due course. Empresaria is putting in place cover arrangements to ensure continuity and is drawing on the support of its other members of the Board to oversee the finance function, including Arun Shankardass, Chair of the Audit & Risk Committee. The Board has also commenced the process to identify and appoint an interim non-board finance consultant who will take responsibility for Tim's duties during his absence. Work in relation to the Company's audited results for the year ending 31 December 2025 and associated budgeting for 2026 and beyond is progressing. On 23 October 2025 the Company announced that the newly appointed Board, led by Joost Kreulen, had commenced a thorough review of the Group's operations with the objectives of: · addressing the commercial and other challenges that the Group faces and stabilising the Group's operations, both financially and operationally, by focusing on efficiency and cost discipline; ​ · building on the Board's relationships with the Group's management teams and support them in delivering on the Group's commercial goals; and ​ · ensuring that the Group is well positioned to benefit once the broader staffing and recruitment markets begin to recover. The Board continues to believe that the Group has significant untapped potential and has the teams in place that can unlock this potential. Empresaria has a strong foundation, a global footprint and a team of committed professionals. The review is ongoing, and the Board anticipates updating shareholders early in 2026. - Ends - Enquiries: Empresaria Group plc Joost Kreulen, Chair via Alma PR Allenby Capital Limited (Nominated Adviser and Joint Broker) Nick Naylor / Jeremy Porter / Vivek Bhardwaj 020 3328 5656 Alma Strategic Communications (Financial PR) Sam Modlin / Rebecca Sanders-Hewett / Will Merison 020 3405 0205 empresaria@almastrategic.com This announcement is made in accordance with the Company's obligations under Article 17 of UK MAR and the person responsible for arranging release of this announcement on behalf of the Company is Joost Kreulen, Chair. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Empresaria Group (EMR) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 2 days ago British American Tobacco 2 days ago Mitie Group 2 days ago Marks & Spencer Group 2 days ago Hammerson 2 days ago Reckitt Benckiser Group All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and