BETA Close X Empresaria Group plc has announced a strong first half of fiscal year 2026, with net fee income increasing by approximately 5% and adjusted profit before tax expected to rise by around 250% compared to the prior year period, despite challenging market conditions. The company now anticipates full-year adjusted profit before tax to exceed £5.2 million, which is approximately 27% above market forecasts. Net debt remained stable at £17.0 million. Disclaimer* Empresaria Group PLC 28 July 2026 THIS ANNOUNCEMENT CONTAINS INSIDE INFORMATION FOR THE PURPOSES OF ARTICLE 7 OF REGULATION 2014/596/EU, WHICH IS PART OF THE UK DOMESTIC LAW PURSUANT TO THE MARKET ABUSE (AMENDMENT) (EU EXIT) REGULATIONS (SI 2019/310) ("UK MAR"). 28 July 2026 Empresaria Group plc ("Empresaria" or the "Group") Trading update and notice of interim results Net fee income and profit growth during H1 FY 2026 Full year results expected to be ahead of market forecast Empresaria (AIM: EMR), the international specialist staffing and recruitment group, today provides a trading update for the six months ended 30 June 2026 ("H1 FY 2026" or the "Period") ahead of announcing its interim results for the Period on 26 August 2026. Empresaria has delivered a strong start to the year with net fee income for H1 FY 2026 up approximately 5% against the comparable prior year period despite generally challenging market conditions. This growth, combined with improved margins through disciplined cost management, is expected to result in adjusted profit before tax for H1 FY 2026 being up approximately 250% against the comparable prior year period. As a result, the Group now expects adjusted profit before tax for the year ending 31 December 2026 to be at least £5.2m (approximately 27% above market forecast). The majority of the Group's brands have delivered an improved result against the comparable prior year period, with particularly strong results from IMS (Global Workforce Solutions, previously called Offshore Services) and Headway (Operational Outsourcing). Net debt remained stable at £17.0m (31 December 2025: £17.1m). Nigel Marsh, CEO of Empresaria, commented : "I'm really pleased with the performance of the Group in the first half of 2026, delivering growth in net fee income and adjusted profit before tax over the comparable prior year period despite ongoing challenging market conditions and geo-political uncertainty. The new balanced and sustainable growth strategy, implemented following last year's board changes, is starting to deliver positive results. Whilst there is still more work to be done, our people have embraced the changes with enthusiasm and are motivated to deliver profitable growth across all parts of the Group." For the purposes of UK MAR, the person responsible for arranging release of this announcement on behalf of Empresaria is Spencer Wreford, Chief Financial Officer. - Ends - Enquiries: Empresaria Group plc Nigel Marsh, Chief Executive Officer Spencer Wreford, Chief Financial Officer via Alma PR Allenby Capital Limited (Nominated Adviser and Broker) Nick Naylor / Vivek Bhardwaj (Corporate finance) Tony Quirke (Equity sales) / Ian Jermin (Research) 020 3328 5656 Alma Strategic Communications (Financial PR) Sam Modlin / Rebecca Sanders-Hewett / Sarah Peters 020 3405 0205 empresaria@almastrategic.com Notes for Editors: Founded in 1996, Empresaria is an international specialist staffing and recruitment Group operating through a decentralised, multi-branded model across UK & Europe, APAC and the Americas. Our specialist brands operate in diversified sectors and geographies, providing tailored talent solutions to clients and candidates in their local markets. We operate with three service lines: - Global Workforce Solutions - Operational outsourcing - Specialist recruitment This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Empresaria Group (EMR) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 2 days ago British American Tobacco 2 days ago Mitie Group 2 days ago Marks & Spencer Group 2 days ago Hammerson 2 days ago Reckitt Benckiser Group All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and