BETA Close X Empresaria Group plc has appointed Kreston Reeves Audit LLP as its independent auditor for the financial year ending 31 December 2025, effective from 14 November 2025, following a competitive tender process. The outgoing auditor, S&W Partners Audit Limited, has confirmed there are no circumstances requiring attention from members or creditors. Any reappointment of Kreston Reeves Audit LLP for the 2026 financial year will require shareholder approval at the 2026 annual general meeting. Disclaimer* Empresaria Group PLC 14 November 2025 14 November 2025 Empresaria Group plc ("Empresaria" or the "Company") Change of Auditor Empresaria Group plc (AIM: EMR), the international specialist staffing group, announces that, following the conclusion of a formal competitive tender process overseen by the Company's Audit & Risk Committee, the Company has appointed Kreston Reeves Audit LLP as the Company's independent auditor for the financial year ending 31 December 2025 with effect from 14 November 2025. Any proposal to reappoint Kreston Reeves Audit LLP as independent auditor for the financial year ending 31 December 2026 will be subject to approval by the Company's shareholders at the next annual general meeting to be held in 2026. S&W Partners Audit Limited, the Company's outgoing independent auditor and who did not participate in the tender, has confirmed that there are no circumstances connected with it ceasing to hold office that need to be brought to the attention of members or creditors of the Company for the purposes of section 519 of the Companies Act 2006. - Ends - Enquiries: Empresaria Group plc Joost Kreulen, Chair via Alma PR Allenby Capital Limited (Nominated Adviser and Joint Broker) Nick Naylor / Jeremy Porter / Vivek Bhardwaj 020 3328 5656 Alma Strategic Communications (Financial PR) Sam Modlin / Rebecca Sanders-Hewett / Will Merison 020 3405 0205 empresaria@almastrategic.com This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Empresaria Group (EMR) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 2 days ago British American Tobacco 2 days ago Mitie Group 2 days ago Marks & Spencer Group 2 days ago Hammerson 2 days ago Reckitt Benckiser Group All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and