BETA Close X Empresaria Group plc has acquired the remaining 10% of its UK subsidiary, Greycoat Placements Limited, for £50,000 in cash, bringing its ownership to 100%. This transaction, considered a related-party transaction as the shares were bought from GP's managing director, Deborah Salter, is deemed fair and reasonable by Empresaria's directors. Greycoat Placements reported unaudited total assets of £0.46 million and an adjusted operating profit of £0.41 million for the year ended 31 December 2025. Disclaimer* Empresaria Group PLC 31 March 2026 31 March 2026 Empresaria Group plc ("Empresaria", the "Company" or the "Group") Acquisition of minority interest and related party transaction Empresaria Group plc (AIM: EMR), the international specialist staffing group, announces the acquisition of 10% of the issued share capital of Greycoat Placements Limited (" GP "), a UK subsidiary of the Company (the " Acquisition "). Following completion of the Acquisition, the Company will own 100% of GP. The shares were acquired from Deborah Salter, the current managing director of GP. Consideration for the Acquisition is £50,000, to be paid in cash from the Group's existing facilities, all payable upon completion of the Acquisition. GP reported unaudited total assets of £0.46 million for the year ended 31 December 2025 and an unaudited adjusted operating profit of £0.41 million for the same period. Related Party Transaction The Company's purchase of the outstanding 10% interest in GP from Deborah Salter, a director of GP, is deemed to be a related-party transaction pursuant to rule 13 of the AIM Rules for Companies. The directors of Empresaria, all of whom are independent of the Acquisition, consider, having consulted with the Company's nominated adviser, Allenby Capital Limited, that the terms of the Acquisition are fair and reasonable insofar as the Company's shareholders are concerned. - Ends - Enquiries: Empresaria Group plc Nigel Marsh, Chief Executive Officer James Chapman, General Counsel & Company Secretary via Alma PR Allenby Capital Limited (Nominated Adviser and Broker) Nick Naylor / Vivek Bhardwaj (Corporate finance) Tony Quirke (Equity sales) / Ian Jermin (Research) 020 3328 5656 Alma Strategic Communications (Financial PR) Sam Modlin / Rebecca Sanders-Hewett / Sarah Peters 020 3405 0205 empresaria@almastrategic.com This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Empresaria Group (EMR) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 2 days ago British American Tobacco 2 days ago Mitie Group 2 days ago Marks & Spencer Group 2 days ago Hammerson 2 days ago Reckitt Benckiser Group All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and