A diversified investment 
house that is unique in 
Australia
With origins in owning and operating Australian pharmacies, Soul 
Patts has evolved into a diversified investment house with 
investments across a range of industries and asset classes, including 
listed equities, private markets, fixed income and real assets. 
Today, Soul Patts is an ASX50 company with 84,000 shareholders. 
We offer our shareholders exposure to investments that perform 
throughout economic cycles, and are proud to be Australia's only 
dividend aristocrat, increasing our dividend in each of the past 28 
years. We have never missed a dividend payment since listing in 
1903.
Our commitment to long-term investing is anchored by our purpose 
of generating enduring success for our shareholders, unchanged 
since our listing in 1903.
Our evolution
At the time of our public listing in 1903, Soul Patts had 21 pharmacy 
stores. By the 1950s, it dominated the retail pharmacy market 
nationwide.
The 1960s and 1970s marked our diversification into building 
materials and resources, including the investment in Brickworks and 
the purchase of what is now New Hope Corporation. The 1980s saw 
us expand into media with the purchase of NBN Television, which 
over time grew into TPG Telecom, the third largest telco in Australia.
In 2021, we acquired one of Australia's largest listed investment 
companies, Milton Corporation, transforming our scale and liquidity.
FY26 marked an historic milestone, unwinding our 56-year cross-
shareholding with Brickworks, a structure that had served both 
companies well for more than half a century. The merger brought 
together two of Australia's great compounders of capital under a 
single structure, positioning Soul Patts for even greater strength and 
flexibility.
Our portfolio is purposefully diversified by industry and asset class, 
enabling Soul Patts to weather market cycles and generate 
sustainable shareholder returns over the longer term. It houses more 
than 200 individual investments, supported by our permanent 
capital, strong balance sheet, and our reputation as trusted stewards 
of our shareholders' capital. 
Our people, values and culture
Our values-based culture, developed over many generations, is a 
key driver of our success. Our people embody our values of 
integrity, initiative and accountability, and our culture is our 
competitive advantage, it underpins and drives our investment 
approach.
Soul Patts' small, close-knit investment team, led by the Managing 
Director & CEO (MD & CEO), is actively involved in ensuring the 
portfolio is allocated to the best risk-adjusted returns available. Our 
lean, highly engaged team of 53 employees is closely aligned with 
shareholders, reflected in an attrition rate of under 1%. For more 
information about our people, values and culture, refer to the 
Additional sustainability-related information section of the 
Annual Report.
FY26 Reporting Suite
2026 Annual Report
The 2026 Annual Report, including the financial statements along with the 
Directors’ and Remuneration Reports for the years ended 31 July 2026 can be 
viewed online at www.soulpatts.com.au/investor-centre/reports
2026 Corporate Governance Statement 
The 2026 Corporate Governance Statement can be viewed online at 
www.soulpatts.com.au/investor-centre/reports
2025 Modern Slavery Statement
The Soul Patts 2025 Modern Slavery Statement can be viewed online at 
www.soulpatts.com.au/investor-centre/reports
Contents
ASX 
Principles
2 Soul Patts’ Board and governance 
framework 1 & 2
12 Our culture and values 3
14 Financial reporting and assurance 4
15 Continuous disclosure and shareholder 
engagement 5 & 6
16 Risk management 7
18 Remuneration 8
Washington H. Soul Pattinson and 
Company Limited
ABN 38 687 534 023
ASX Code: SOL
About this report
The Board of Washington H. Soul Pattinson and Company Limited (Soul 
Patts, the Company) is committed to ensuring the operation of its policies and 
practices embed good corporate governance in its day-to-day activities. 
We recognise that our continued success depends on sustaining a robust culture 
with high standards of corporate governance.
This Corporate Governance Statement is approved by the Soul Patts Board. It 
describes Soul Patts’ key governance practices at 31 July 2026 and articulates 
how our decision-making meets stakeholder expectations of sound corporate 
governance. It acknowledges Soul Patts’ specific and broader responsibilities to 
its shareholders, key stakeholders, staff and the communities in which we 
operate.
This Corporate Governance Statement assesses Soul Patts’ governance 
practices against the 4th edition of the ASX Corporate Governance Council’s 
Corporate Governance Principles and Recommendations (the ASX Principles).
Soul Patts’ practices were consistent with the ASX Principles at 31 July 2026, 
other than for recommendation 2.5 as set out in the Directors independence 
section on page 8.
Following completion of the merger with Brickworks Limited (Brickworks) on 
23 September 2025, Soul Patts is the disclosing entity for the purposes of the 
Corporations Act 2001. Further information in relation to the merger is set out in 
the 2026 Annual Report.
Our Board
On 31 July 2026, the Board comprised the Chairman, the Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer (MD & CEO) and seven Independent 
Non-Executive Directors.1
Each Director’s tenure and committee membership is shown on page 6. The Board’s collective skills and experience is set out on page 7. 
Details of each Director’s qualifications, skills and experience is set out in the Directors’ Report in the 2026 Annual Report.
Robert Millner AO
Chairman
Non-Executive Director 
Malcolm Bundey
Non-Executive Director
Josephine Sukkar AM
Non-Executive Director 
Todd Barlow
Managing Director and 
Chief Executive Officer 
Tiffany Fuller
Non-Executive Director 
David Baxby
Lead Independent Director
Non-Executive Director 
Bruce MacDiarmid 
Non-Executive Director
Vik Bansal
Non-Executive Director 
Joanne (Joe) Pollard 
Non-Executive Director 
Our Company Secretaries
Soul Patts has two Company Secretaries. Details of their qualifications and experience are set out in the Directors’ Report in our 2026 Annual 
Report. 
Lillie Johnson
Company Secretary
David Grbin
Company Secretary and 
Chief Financial Officer
2 Soul Patts  Corporate Governance Statement 2026
Soul Patts’ Board and governance framework
1  On 22 July 2026, Soul Patts announced the appointment of Anne Loveridge AM to the Board as a Non-Executive Director, effective 1 October 2026, and the 
retirement of Tiffany Fuller, effective 31 October 2026.
Corporate governance framework 
Our governance structure fosters a culture of ethical behaviour. It recognises that informed risk-taking and effective risk management are 
vital to achieving Soul Patts’ core investment principles.
Soul Patts’ governance structure: 
• ensures our operations activity aligns with our strategic objectives
• provides effective oversight
• facilitates decision-making 
• manages risk. 
The Board provides leadership and strategic guidance, oversees performance and conduct, and represents and reports to our shareholders. 
Several committees assist the Board. These committees play crucial roles in maintaining robust corporate governance and risk management 
frameworks. All Board committees are chaired by an Independent Director. 
Company management, led by the MD & CEO, implements the Board's directives and policies, manages day-to-day operations and ensures 
effective risk management. 
Management remains accountable to the Board and provides leadership and guidance to achieve our strategic objectives. Management and 
the Board frequently seek independent assurance and external advice to improve decision-making and uphold governance standards.
Our governance framework is set out below.
3
Board oversight
The Board focuses on sustainable growth with prudent 
management of associated risks.
The Board’s role is to:
• provide leadership and strategic guidance 
• oversee the Company’s performance and conduct 
• represent and report to Soul Patts’ shareholders.
To fulfil this role, the Board approves and oversees management’s 
approach to the Company’s strategy and risk management.
Our risk management framework is designed to strengthen our 
resilience against uncertainties. The Board approves the Risk 
Management Strategy and Risk Appetite Statement following its 
annual review. 
The Risk Management Strategy formalises the guiding principles for 
risk management at Soul Patts and the systems in place to pro-
actively manage risk on an ongoing basis. The Risk Appetite 
Statement defines the level of risk which Soul Patts is, or is not, 
willing to accept in pursuit of its strategic objectives. 
The Board also reviews the Company’s corporate governance 
framework, which includes the systems, policies and processes the 
Company uses to operate, make decisions and hold people to 
account.
In May 2026, Soul Patts was pleased to receive the Australian 
Shareholders' Association's 2026 Enhanced Company Governance 
Award. The award recognised the governance enhancements 
delivered through the merger with Brickworks, including the 
strengthened transparency of our governance framework, our 
approach to managing long-term risk and opportunity across the 
portfolio, and a remuneration framework that directly links 
executive reward to the long-term outcomes that matter to 
shareholders.
The Board has continued to improve governance practices during 
the year. This included:
• engaging an external facilitator to conduct a Board and Board 
committee effectiveness review, and to design and implement a 
process for continuous improvement of Board effectiveness 
informed by its results
• determining the priorities for the year for the  independent 
internal audit function
• reviewing Board and Board committee charters and 
management committee charters
• reviewing the risk management framework, corporate 
governance framework and related policies including the Code 
of Conduct, Anti-Bribery & Corruption Policy, Share Trading 
Policy, Continuous Disclosure Policy and Diversity & Inclusion 
Policy
• reviewing governance arrangements and policies relating to 
technology, cyber-security resilience and artificial intelligence, 
as well as business continuity arrangements
• dissolving the Nomination Committee in March 2026 and 
absorbing its responsibilities into the People, Culture & 
Remuneration Committee, reflecting the Board’s view that 
board composition, succession and people and culture matters 
are interconnected governance functions
• reviewing the Board's approach to determining the skills, 
expertise and qualities it seeks in Board composition and future 
director appointments to assist with Board renewal and 
succession planning. The Board appointed Anne Loveridge AM 
to the Board, effective 1 October 2026. Consistent with the 
Board’s governance framework, Ms Loveridge will take on the 
role of Audit Committee Chair following Tiffany Fuller’s 
retirement from the Board, effective 31 October 2026.
Board and management roles 
and responsibilities
The Board Charter sets out the role and responsibilities 
of the Board, its committees and management. The Board Charter is 
available on Soul Patts’ website.
The Risk management section in this Corporate Governance 
Statement and in the 2026 Annual Report, also provide more detail 
about the Board’s oversight of risk and remuneration.
The Board meets regularly throughout the year, with additional 
meetings convened as required to approve investments above 
delegated levels or to consider other matters requiring Board 
approval. All Board members are invited to attend Board committee 
meetings and have access to all Board committee papers and 
minutes. 
The Board has a culture of open and frank discussion, 
where all views are respectfully considered. Between Board 
meetings, management notifies the Board of material matters when 
they arise. The 2026 Annual Report sets out the number of Board 
and committee meetings held during the year and each Director’s 
attendance. 
The MD & CEO is responsible for the day-to-day management and 
performance of Soul Patts in accordance with the strategy, risk 
appetite, policies and delegation of authority thresholds approved 
by the Board. The MD & CEO is authorised to exercise all the powers 
of the Directors, subject to the matters that are reserved for the 
Board, or delegated to a Committee or one or more other Directors. 
For the investment portfolio, the Board provides governance 
oversight and approves investment strategy and material decisions 
above delegated limits, while the MD & CEO manages day-to-day 
portfolio operations within those limits. The Board monitors the MD 
& CEO and senior executives in the performance of their delegated 
duties.
The Board has established and delegated its authority for specific 
responsibilities to three standing committees:
• Audit Committee
• Risk Committee
• People, Culture & Remuneration Committee.
The Nomination Committee was dissolved in March 2026 and its 
responsibilities were absorbed into the People, Culture & 
Remuneration Committee. The authority of each committee is set 
out in its charter, which is available on our website.
4 Soul Patts  Corporate Governance Statement 2026
Soul Patts’ Board and governance framework continued
The Board Committees assist the Board in overseeing and reviewing the following matters:
Audit Committee Risk Committee People, Culture & Remuneration Committee
• the external reporting of financial 
information for Soul Patts and its controlled 
subsidiaries
• the external audit program
• the internal audit program and the 
adequacy and effectiveness of the internal 
control framework in relation to accounting 
and financial reporting obligations
• the effectiveness of the risk management 
framework, including operating with due 
regard to the risk appetite set by the Board
• the adequacy and effectiveness of the 
internal control framework in relation to risk 
mitigation, regulatory and compliance 
obligations 
• risk leadership, including the commitment 
to a strong risk culture
• the operation of people and culture 
strategies, policies and practices, including 
alignment with Soul Patts’ values and Code 
of Conduct
• the remuneration strategy and framework, 
including performance and reward
• remuneration disclosures
• Board and Board Committee composition
• succession planning for the Board, 
Managing Director & Chief Executive 
Officer (MD & CEO) and Executive Key 
Management Personnel (Executive KMP)
• Board, Board Committee and Non-
Executive Director performance 
evaluations.
Soul Patts has three management committees which assist the Board and its Committees with oversight of the following matters: 
Management Risk & Continuous 
Disclosure Committee
Management Investment
Committee
Management Specialist Advisory 
Committee
• develop, maintain, and monitor the 
effectiveness of the risk management 
framework, including operating with due 
regard to the risk appetite set by the Board 
• develop, maintain, and monitor the 
adequacy and effectiveness of the internal 
control framework 
• demonstrate risk leadership and promote a 
strong risk culture
• monitor Soul Patts’ continuous disclosure 
obligations
• advise and recommend Soul Patts’ 
investment strategy to the Board
• assess and approve, or otherwise 
recommend, investment decisions in 
accordance with the Board Delegations of 
Authority
• monitor Soul Patts’ investment portfolio 
risks and opportunities
• review, assess and advise on the investment 
strategy relevant to Credit, including 
transaction proposals
• assess, monitor and advise on Credit related 
investments, portfolio construction, 
performance and risks
• monitor the adequacy and effectiveness of 
risk management and internal controls 
relevant to Credit investments which are 
designed to comply with applicable laws 
and regulations.
5
Board and committee membership
The table below sets out each Director’s tenure and committee membership as at 31 July 2026. All Directors are invited to attend committee 
meetings and receive meeting papers. In addition to the three Board Committees below, the Board has established an Independent Board 
Committee which meets as and when required, is chaired by David Baxby and comprises all Independent Directors. 
Directors' appointment dates reflect their original date of appointment to the Board of WHSP Holdings (or, for Mr Bundey, his appointment 
as a Non-Executive Director of Brickworks in 2019). On the Scheme effective date of 15 September 2025, all Directors of WHSP Holdings, 
together with Mr Bundey, were appointed Directors of Soul Patts. 
Director name Appointment date Years of service Audit Committee Risk  Committee
People, Culture & 
Remuneration 
Committee 2
Composition
All members are 
Independent Non-
Executive Directors
All members are 
Independent Non-
Executive Directors
The majority of 
members are 
Independent Non-
Executive Directors
Robert Millner AO
Non-Executive Director
Appointed 1984
Chairman since 1998
42
(27 as Chairman)
Todd Barlow Managing Director & CEO
Appointed 2015 11
David Baxby
Independent 
Non-Executive Director
Appointed 2023
3
Vik Bansal
Independent 
Non-Executive Director
Appointed 2025
1
Malcolm Bundey
Independent 
Non-Executive Director
Appointed 2019
7
Tiffany Fuller
Independent 
Non-Executive Director
Appointed 2017
9
Bruce MacDiarmid
Independent 
Non-Executive Director
Appointed 2024
2
Joe Pollard
Independent 
Non-Executive Director
Appointed 2022
4
Josephine Sukkar AM
Independent 
Non-Executive Director
Appointed 2020
6
Following Ms Fuller’s retirement from the Board on 31 October 2026, it is intended that the membership of the Audit and Risk Committees 
will be reconstituted. Ms Loveridge will be appointed Chair of the Audit Committee, which will retain Mr MacDiarmid and Ms Pollard as 
Committee members. Mr MacDiarmid will remain Chair of the Risk Committee and Mr Bansal and Mr Bundey will be appointed as 
Committee members in place of Ms Fuller and Ms Sukkar. The People, Culture & Remuneration Committee will retain its current Chair and 
Committee members. 
Key to Committee membership
Committee chair
 Audit
 People, Culture & Remuneration
Committee member
 Risk
Director tenure 
The Board benefits from having a balance between longer 
serving Directors and Directors with shorter tenure. 
At 31 July 2026, four Directors have been on the Board 
for five years or less.
6 Soul Patts  Corporate Governance Statement 2026
Soul Patts’ Board and governance framework continued
2 The Nomination Committee was dissolved in March 2026 and its responsibilities were absorbed into the People, Culture & Remuneration Committee.
Board skills and experience 
Soul Patts takes a considered approach to Board composition. The Board seeks to appoint well-rounded individuals with the breadth of 
judgement, commercial acumen and intellectual curiosity needed to oversee a diversified, multi-asset investment company. This philosophy 
reflects how Soul Patts has evolved, from a Company with concentrated positions in specific industries to one that allocates capital across a 
wide range of assets, sectors and geographies. That evolution demands Directors who can think across domains, interrogate strategy with 
independence and exercise sound judgement in conditions of complexity and uncertainty. 
The skills matrix that follows is intended to articulate these qualities, and to provide transparency to shareholders on the collective 
competencies the Board brings to its role.
7
The Board skills matrix is reviewed annually to ensure the prescribed skills and experience address Soul Patts' existing and emerging needs and 
strategic priorities, and is used to guide succession planning and the identification of future Director candidates. Each skill is assessed against a 
three-point competency scale, ranging from Awareness (a sound general understanding sufficient to engage in board-level discussion) 
through to Practised (a strong understanding built on direct experience) through to High (recognised expertise gained through extensive 
tenure as a director, executive or adviser).  In 2026, each Director completed a self-assessment against the skill categories set out above using 
this scale. The Board has reviewed the collated results and is satisfied that it collectively possesses the necessary depth of skills, knowledge 
and experience required across all five categories to discharge its responsibilities effectively and support Soul Patts' strategic objectives.
Further information on the qualifications, skills and experience of each Director is set out in the Directors’ Report in the 2026 Annual Report.
Skill Description
Investment and 
financial acumen
Experience managing or overseeing investment portfolios, with the ability to evaluate asset 
valuation, capital allocation, corporate transactions, treasury and financial instruments, and 
financial performance across a diversified range of assets and geographies.
Leadership and 
people
Executive leadership experience with accountability for organisational performance, culture and 
people. The commercial acumen to assess management capability, support succession planning 
and understand the human drivers of long-term business performance.
Strategy, 
entrepreneurship 
and technology
An entrepreneurial and innovation mindset, with the ability to interrogate strategy across a range 
of industries and business models, and an understanding of macroeconomic trends and the 
competitive dynamics that shape long-term investment performance. While directors are not 
expected to be technology experts, they should be digitally literate and able to critically engage 
with management on digital strategy and emerging technology.
Risk management
Experience identifying, assessing and monitoring financial, non-financial and sustainability risks and 
opportunities across complex organisations, with the ability to evaluate risk frameworks, set 
appropriate risk appetite and maintain oversight of controls.
Corporate 
governance, legal 
and regulatory
Experience as a non-executive director of a listed company, with an understanding of the legal, 
regulatory and stakeholder obligations relevant to Soul Patts. The ability to engage constructively 
with shareholders, regulators and other key stakeholders.
Director independence
Soul Patts' Board comprises a majority of independent, professional 
and highly experienced Directors. 
We assess the independence of Non-Executive Directors when they 
are appointed and then each year after that. 
All Directors, except for the MD & CEO, Todd Barlow, are non-
executive. 
The Board has reviewed the independence of its members against 
the ASX Principles and considers the following Non-Executive 
Directors to be Independent Directors at 31 July 2026:
• David Baxby – Lead Independent Director
• Vik Bansal
• Malcolm Bundey
• Tiffany Fuller
• Bruce MacDiarmid
• Joe Pollard
• Josephine Sukkar AM
Recommendation 2.5 specifies that the chair of the board of a listed 
entity should be independent. The Chairman, Robert Millner AO, has 
relevant interests and associations that may affect his 
independence, as disclosed to the ASX in the Directors’ Report in 
the 2026 Annual Report, and the Board has determined that the 
Chairman, Robert Millner AO, is not an Independent Director.
However, the Board does not believe that a Director’s independence 
is compromised by virtue of the following:
• holding shares in Soul Patts
• having an interest in a substantial holding in Soul Patts
• being associated with a substantial shareholder of 
Soul Patts.
The Board considers that these holdings further align the interests of 
Directors with the interests of the Company’s shareholders. 
Mr Millner is the 4th generation of family members involved in the 
governance of the business. Given his experience as a Director and 
Chairman, and his skills as an experienced investor, which are key 
assets for the business, the Board considers that Mr Millner acts 
independently in executing his duties as a Director. 
Soul Patts has entered into a Special Adviser engagement with 
Vik Bansal in relation to Brickworks. This arrangement is separate 
from, and in addition to, Mr Bansal's role as a Non-Executive Director 
of Soul Patts and relates to advisory services provided outside his 
Board responsibilities. Under the arrangement, Mr Bansal provides 
strategic and operational advisory services in support of Brickworks' 
long-term value creation objectives. Mr Bansal does not act as a 
Director, officer or employee of Brickworks and has no authority to 
bind Brickworks. The terms of the engagement were determined on 
an arm's-length basis, informed by relevant market benchmarks and 
governance considerations. 
Mr Bansal did not participate in the Board’s deliberations or decisions 
in relation to his appointment or the terms of the engagement, and 
was recused from those discussions accordingly. The Board 
determined that arrangements regarding Mr Bansal’s Special 
Adviser role in relation to Brickworks do not interfere with his ability 
to bring independent judgement to Board deliberations, nor 
to act in the best interests of Soul Patts as a whole. The Board has 
determined that Mr Bansal is an Independent Director and that he 
acts independently in executing his duties as a Director of Soul Patts.
Josephine Sukkar AM, a Non-Executive Director of Soul Patts, is a 
co-owner of Buildcorp Group Pty Ltd (Buildcorp), which was 
engaged to provide construction management and joinery fitout 
services for the Company's new Sydney office premises during the 
year. The engagement was entered into on normal commercial 
terms following a competitive process, and Ms Sukkar did not 
participate in the consideration, approval or execution of the 
arrangement. Refer to the Other related party transactions section 
of the 2026 Remuneration Report for further detail. The Board 
determined that this arrangement does not interfere with Ms 
Sukkar's ability to bring independent judgement to Board 
deliberations nor to act in the best interests of Soul Patts as a whole. 
The Board has determined that Ms Sukkar is an Independent 
Director and that she acts independently in executing her duties as a 
Director of Soul Patts.
To manage any actual or potential conflicts of interest or duty, the 
Independent Directors have established an Independent Board 
Committee, chaired by Lead Independent Director, David Baxby. 
The responsibilities of the Lead Independent Director include acting 
as Chair of the Board when the Chair may be conflicted, and 
chairing meetings of the Independent Board Committee. The Board 
also maintains formal guidelines for identifying and managing 
conflicts of interest, ensuring robust and independent decision-
making. 
All members of the Audit Committee and the Risk Committee are 
Independent Non-Executive Directors. All members of the People, 
Culture & Remuneration Committee are Non-Executive Directors, 
and the majority of the Committee’s members are Independent, 
including the Committee Chair Josephine Sukkar AM. 
Managing conflicts
All Directors bring their independent views and judgement to the 
Board. In accordance with the Corporations Act 2001, they inform 
the Board if they have any interests that could conflict with those of 
Soul Patts. The Conflict of Interest & Personal Investment Policy sets 
out the process to manage all perceived, actual and potential 
conflicts of interest. Directors must disclose actual, potential or 
perceived conflicts. 
To manage a conflict, the Director:
• will not receive Board papers on the subject of interest, but may, 
at the discretion of the other Directors, be advised that certain 
Board papers have been excluded
• cannot be present when the matter is considered unless 
otherwise permitted by law or the other Directors resolve that 
the Director in question can be present
• cannot vote on the matter unless the other Directors resolve that 
the Director in question can vote
• cannot have access to minutes of the Board or any Board 
committee meeting in relation to the subject of interest
• may be required by the Board to take other steps that may be 
necessary and reasonable to resolve any conflict of interest 
within an appropriate period.
8 Soul Patts  Corporate Governance Statement 2026
Soul Patts’ Board and governance framework continued
Board renewal and diversity
Soul Patts’ Constitution states that its Board must comprise no 
fewer than three and no more than ten Directors. At 31 July 2026, 
the Board had eight Non-Executive Directors and one Executive 
Director with a gender diversity of 33% (three) female Directors. 
The Board is committed to maintaining gender diversity. 
Soul Patts welcomed Vik Bansal as a Non-Executive Director in 
August 2025. Following shareholder approval of the merger with 
Brickworks on 10 September 2025, all existing Non-Executive 
Directors became Directors of the newly listed Soul Patts on the 
Scheme effective date of 15 September 2025, extending their terms 
for the purposes of Director re-elections from the previously listed 
Washington H. Soul Pattinson & Company Limited entity. On the 
Scheme effective date, Soul Patts also welcomed Malcolm Bundey 
as a Non-Executive Director, extending his term for the purposes of 
Director re-elections  from the previously listed Brickworks Limited 
entity. 
Despite Rule 3.6 of the Constitution and ASX Listing Rule 14.4 giving 
each Director a common outer limit for re-election at the 2028 
AGM, the Board has adopted a staggered Director re-election 
rotation schedule for orderly renewal across the 2026, 2027 and 
2028 AGMs which is aligned with their tenure of the predecessor 
listed entities.
Anne Loveridge AM will join the Board as a Non-Executive Director 
effective 1 October 2026, while Tiffany Fuller will retire from the 
Board on 31 October 2026, after serving 9 years as a Non-Executive 
Director. 
The Board undertakes background checks before a person is 
appointed as a Director of Soul Patts or before any external 
candidate is put forward to the shareholders of Soul Patts for 
election as a Director. We also conduct background checks before 
any successful candidate is appointed to a senior executive role. 
The background checks for Directors include criminal record, 
bankruptcy, confirmation that the Director is not banned or 
disqualified from managing corporations, character references and 
verification of work experience. The Board also considers current 
and previous directorships and independence.
Information about the skills, expertise and experience of people 
standing for election or re-election as a Director at a meeting of 
shareholders is included in the explanatory notes that accompany 
the notice of the meeting.
Soul Patts has written agreements with each Director that set the 
terms of their appointment. Material terms of appointment include:
• remuneration
• duties and responsibilities, including compliance 
with Company policies
• disclosure and notification obligations
• indemnification and officers’ liability insurance
• the requirement for election and subsequent 
re-election by shareholders.
Nomination Committee
In March 2026, the Nomination Committee was dissolved and its 
responsibilities were absorbed into the People, Culture & 
Remuneration Committee. Until its dissolution, the Nomination 
Committee operated under its own charter. Nomination-related 
matters are now governed by the People, Culture & Remuneration 
Committee Charter. The Charter can be viewed on our website.
The People, Culture & Remuneration Committee reviews and 
considers the structure, balance of skills and diversity of the Board 
and makes recommendations regarding the appointment, 
retirement and re-election of Directors. When a vacancy occurs, the 
Committee identifies the necessary and desirable skills, diversity, 
expertise and experience required to complement the Board, then 
identifies the most appropriate candidates. 
All members of the People, Culture & Remuneration Committee are 
Non-Executive Directors, and the majority of the Committee’s 
members are Independent, including the Committee Chair 
Josephine Sukkar AM. The Committee had at least three members 
at all times during the year. 
The attendance of Committee members at meetings of the 
Nomination Committee (up to its dissolution in March 2026) and the 
People, Culture & Remuneration Committee is detailed in the 
Directors’ Report in the 2026 Annual Report.
The Committee considers the results of the independent appraisal 
of the Board’s effectiveness, the performance of each Director and 
ongoing succession planning.
The Committee may engage recruitment consultants and other 
independent experts to undertake research and assessment on 
behalf of Soul Patts.
Directors are initially appointed by the full Board, following 
consideration of recommendations made by the Committee. 
Directors are then subject to election by Soul Patts’ shareholders at 
the next annual general meeting.
Soul Patts has a program for inducting new Directors and for 
periodically reviewing whether there is a need for Directors 
to undertake professional development. Soul Patts provides 
professional development opportunities for Directors as agreed with 
individual Directors to maintain the necessary skills and knowledge 
required to discharge their responsibilities.
9
Diversity and inclusion
Soul Patts is committed to promoting diversity and a safe and 
inclusive culture. We strive to create a working environment that 
provides equal opportunities and embraces diversity in all our 
interactions with our employees (including prospective employees), 
workplace participants, clients, Board members, Directors and the 
communities in which Soul Patts operates.
Our approach to diversity and inclusion seeks to: 
• promote diversity of perspectives. Key to our long-term 
success has been our focus on making sensible decisions, 
thinking outside the box and having the courage to 
be different
• foster inclusion. We encourage employees to work as a team 
and respect others. We believe that a one-size-fits-all approach 
does not foster inclusion. Therefore, we leverage the different 
perspectives we have within our team to build an inclusive 
workplace
• empower our employees. We are guided by the needs of our 
employees in providing the support they need to achieve their 
potential.
When appointing new staff or promoting people within the 
organisation, we select the most suitable candidates through a 
merit-based process. Our recruitment, selection and succession 
planning processes are designed  to reflect this and enable our 
objectives for achieving diversity, including gender balance,to be 
met.
During the current reporting period, we reviewed and updated our 
Diversity & Inclusion Policy. This sets out how we provide equal 
access to opportunities, irrespective of background or difference, 
and create a workplace where our people feel respected, valued for 
their contribution and empowered to achieve. The Policy can be 
viewed on our website.
The Diversity & Inclusion Policy governs the conduct of all Directors 
and employees. Employees receive annual training on the Policy.
Soul Patts is a reporting entity under the Workplace 
Gender Equality Act 2012 (WGE Act). The purpose of the WGE Act 
is to:
• promote and improve gender equality (including equal 
remuneration between women and men) in employment and in 
the workplace
• support employers to remove barriers to the full and equal 
participation of women in the workforce
• promote, amongst employers, the elimination of discrimination 
on the basis of gender in relation to employment matters 
(including in relation to family and caring responsibilities)
• foster workplace consultation between employers and 
employees on issues concerning gender equality in employment 
and in the workplace
• improve the productivity and competitiveness of Australian 
business through the advancement of gender equality in 
employment and in the workplace.
This purpose is consistent with Soul Patts’ core values and aligned 
with the behaviour and expectations in the Code of Conduct 
published on our website.
Workforce diversity
On 31 July 2026, 49% of our employees were female and 36% of 
employees in senior management roles and above were female. The 
table below sets out our gender representation as at 31 July 2026 
based on categories defined by the Workplace Gender Equality 
Agency (WGEA). 
Job category Male Female Total
KMP 2 0 2
General Manager 4 1 5
Senior Manager 3 4 7
Other Manager 12 5 17
Non-manager 6 16 22
Total headcount 1 27 26 53
1 Includes full-time, part-time and casual employees.
On 31 July 2026, the Board had six male and three female Directors 
(67% : 33%).
Board and management diversity and inclusion 
governance
Soul Patts is committed to gender diversity across all levels of the 
Company. 
The Board has set measurable objectives for achieving gender 
balance in the composition of senior executives and the workforce 
generally. These objectives are supported by recruitment and 
workplace practices to foster a culture that attracts a diverse 
workforce. The Board considers the diversity of the Board and senior 
management as part of its succession planning.
10 Soul Patts  Corporate Governance Statement 2026
Soul Patts’ Board and governance framework continued
Review of performance
Performance of the Board and Board committees
The Board reviews its own performance on a regular basis, along 
with the performance of its Committees and individual Directors. 
This process considers matters such as Board and Committee 
composition, dynamics and processes, with the aim of identifying 
opportunities for improvement.
The People, Culture & Remuneration Committee is responsible for 
overseeing the process for conducting the Board effectiveness 
review. Soul Patts' approach combines an externally facilitated 
review every three years, with an internally led review in the 
intervening years, coordinated by the Company Secretary and 
reported to the Board. 
An independent adviser was engaged in FY26 to review the 
effectiveness of the Board and Non-Executive Directors. This 
involved individual Director interviews using a tailored discussion 
guide, with findings consolidated around five themes: governance 
and portfolio oversight, Board processes, Board composition and 
dynamics, CEO and management succession, and Chair succession. 
The results were discussed by the Board for consideration at a 
dedicated session with actions to address improvement 
opportunities agreed for delivery within a set timeframe. 
A number of ongoing practices  support the Board in monitoring its 
effectiveness between formal reviews. These include structured 
discussions between the Chairman, the MD & CEO and the Lead 
Independent Director before and after each Board meeting, and a 
closed session for Non-Executive Directors following each meeting. 
The next externally facilitated review is scheduled for FY29, with an 
internal review planned for FY27.
Performance of senior executives
The Board evaluates the performance of Executive KMP 
with reference to the overall performance of Soul Patts and 
individual non-financial performance measures aligned to Soul Patts’ 
purpose and strategy.
The MD & CEO evaluates the performance of his direct reports 
(Executive Leadership Team or ELT) and reviews the performance 
assessments from each ELT member in relation to their team. 
For FY26, a performance evaluation has been undertaken 
in accordance with the above process.
The Remuneration Report included in the 2026 Annual Report sets 
out further detail on the criteria used to assess performance and 
alignment of performance with remuneration.
Performance of Company Secretaries
The Company Secretaries are accountable to the Board through the 
Chairman on all matters to do with the proper functioning of the 
Board and its committees. Each Director may communicate directly 
with the Company Secretaries and vice versa. 
The Company Secretaries are responsible for advising the Board and 
its committees on governance matters and giving practical effect to 
the Board’s decisions.
The decision to appoint or remove a Company Secretary is made by 
the Board.
The Board has appointed Lillie Johnson and David Grbin as 
Company Secretaries. Details of each Company Secretary’s 
qualifications and experience are set out in the Directors’ Report in 
the 2026 Annual Report.
11
Our culture 
The strong principles and values that underpin our approach to 
corporate governance promote transparency, fair dealing and the 
protection of stakeholder interests. Soul Patts is committed to 
embedding high standards of corporate governance, which it 
considers integral to building a sustainable and profitable business.
The Board ‘sets the tone from the top’ in a clear and visible way.   
The desired behaviours, as set out in our Code of Conduct, are 
aligned with our values. Senior executives demonstrate and 
communicate these behaviours to staff.
The Board champions risk management through its leadership and 
decision-making. The Board endorses Soul Patts’ strategy each year, 
taking into consideration the Board-approved risk appetite, so that 
business and strategic decisions are aligned with our purpose of 
generating enduring success.
We recruit talented professionals who demonstrate commitment to 
our purpose, our values and delivering a high level of performance 
for our shareholders. Our Code of Conduct articulates the values and 
behaviour we expect of our people. It is published on our website.
The Board monitors culture by engaging with management and 
staff. Over the past year, this included:
• completing our third company-wide culture and engagement 
survey, the results of which outperformed the top quartile of 
finance organisations in Australia 
• introducing programs to develop our top talent, including 
specific initiatives for our female employees such as industry 
memberships and events. In December 2025, Soul Patts was 
recognised as an Employer of Choice at the Australian Business 
Awards, following a benchmarking assessment against industry 
standards across areas including culture, leadership, 
engagement, retention, remuneration, satisfaction and 
wellbeing. Soul Patts was also shortlisted for two Women in 
Banking National Industry Awards, the Award for Achievement 
in an EA/PA Role and the Award for Achievement in Corporate 
Affairs.
Employee value proposition
This year, we focused on further improving our employee value 
proposition (EVP). We did this through programs to attract, retain 
and engage our people. In boosting our EVP, we considered the 
needs and expectations of current and prospective employees in 
areas including:
• remuneration – ensuring our remuneration levels 
and structure are appropriate and competitive 
• benefits – ensuring our employee benefits meet industry best 
practice and respond to what resonates most with our people
• career development and growth opportunities – providing clear 
pathways for career advancement and personal development
• wellbeing – promoting policies and activities that support 
employee wellbeing, including annual flu vaccinations, driving 
usage of our Employee Assistance Program and conducting a 
safety audit, including both physical and psychological safety 
• Soul Patts’ culture and values – reinforcing and cultivating the 
strong and positive culture developed over many years, 
including our commitment to responsible business practices
• diversity and inclusion – committing to a diverse and inclusive 
workplace that values different perspectives and experiences
• philanthropy and corporate giving – engaging in and supporting 
philanthropic initiatives that matter to our people, including our 
volunteer leave initiative. 
12 Soul Patts  Corporate Governance Statement 2026
Our culture and values
Our values
We are proud of the values-based culture we have developed over 
several generations. This continues to be the core driver of our 
success. Our people embody our values of integrity, initiative and 
accountability.
Soul Patts employs a diverse workforce of 53 people as at 
31 July 2026. Our EVP sees us attracting and retaining the best 
people, who support and drive our purpose of generating enduring 
success. Our culture is our competitive advantage. It underpins and 
drives our investment approach. We are best known for our 
collaborative decision-making, which ensures capital flows to the 
best asset classes.
Professional conduct
Soul Patts has a Code of Conduct and an Appropriate Workplace 
Behaviour Policy that articulate our values and deal with matters of 
integrity and ethical standards. The Board recognises the need for 
Directors and employees to adhere to the highest standards of 
behaviour and business ethics.
Soul Patts expects all Directors and employees to:
• maintain and enhance the Company’s reputation. This includes:
– acting in accordance with ethical and professional standards
– acting with honesty and integrity in dealings with 
shareholders, suppliers, other stakeholders and competitors  
– protecting the reputation of the Company when dealing with 
actual or potential conflicts of interest between private and 
Company matters
– avoiding conflicts where possible
• be custodians of shareholder wealth, protect Company assets 
and confidential information. This includes:
– complying with the Company’s legal and regulatory 
obligations
– following the Company’s policies
– not accepting unauthorised benefits as a result of their 
position in the Company
– not engaging in insider trading
• create a respectful workplace. This includes:
– treating everyone with fairness and respect
– reporting discrimination, harassment or bullying
– acting in accordance with the highest standards of workplace 
behaviour.
Several Board-approved policies (described below) set out the 
standards of behaviour we expect of staff. These are intended to 
instil a culture of acting lawfully, ethically and responsibly. 
Aligned with its Code of Conduct, Soul Patts also has:
• a Share Trading Policy setting out prohibited periods for 
Directors and staff trading in securities of the Company
• a Whistleblower Policy to promote a culture of corporate 
compliance and highly ethical behaviour
• an Anti-Bribery and Corruption Policy to articulate our 
commitment to a culture of zero tolerance relating to bribery, 
corruption and facilitation payments
• an Appropriate Workplace Behaviour Policy to create 
a respectful workplace free from discrimination, harassment and 
bullying
• a Risk Management Strategy setting out our risk management 
framework, including the escalation process for identifying and 
reporting risk.
The Code of Conduct is available on our website.
All employees receive training on the Code of Conduct and other 
key policies as part of their onboarding and throughout the year. 
Additionally, we provide all employees internal compliance training 
in cyber-security, anti-money laundering and workplace safety. 
Senior executives monitor compliance with the policies.
The Whistleblower Policy sets out the process for making 
complaints, the people who can receive information on disclosable 
matters and the protections available to eligible whistleblowers 
under the Corporations Act 2001 to protect anonymity. All 
whistleblower complaints are reported to the Board. Concerns can 
be raised anonymously, including through an externally managed 
hotline. 
We encourage staff to escalate matters to management and remind 
them of their ability to disclose complaints under the Whistleblower 
Policy.
We provide employees with training and education on the 
Whistleblower Policy. This includes:
• the key arrangements of the Company’s 
Whistleblower Policy, processes and procedures
• information related to protecting and supporting disclosers
• information about matters that are not covered by the 
Whistleblower Policy
• information on how and where employees can report general 
employee feedback or personal work-related grievances
• practical industry examples of circumstances where disclosure 
has led to positive outcomes for the company and the discloser.
Material breaches of Soul Patts’ policies are reported to the Risk 
Committee with appropriate action considered with reference to 
Soul Patts’ Disciplinary Procedure. Breaches of policy are also 
considered in assessing an individual’s performance and related 
remuneration. In FY26, there were no concerns raised in relation to, 
or material breaches of, the Code of Conduct, the Share Trading 
Policy, the Whistleblower Policy, the Anti-Bribery and Corruption 
Policy or the Appropriate Workplace Behaviour Policy.
13
Audit Committee
The role of Soul Patts’ Audit Committee is set out on page 5. 
The Audit Committee’s Charter is published on our website.
The Chair of the Audit Committee and all members are Independent 
Non-Executive Directors. The Chairman of the Board is not a 
member of the Audit Committee. The Audit Committee had at least 
three members at all times during the year. 
Membership of the Audit Committee is detailed in the table of 
Board and committee membership on page 6 of this Corporate 
Governance Statement.
The Directors’ Report in the 2026 Annual Report sets out 
attendance of Audit Committee members at meetings and their 
qualifications and experience.
Financial reporting assurance
The MD & CEO and the Chief Financial Officer (CFO) 
are required to state in writing to the Board that:
• in their opinion, the financial records of Soul Patts have been 
properly maintained
• in their opinion, the consolidated entity disclosure statement 
included in the annual report is true and correct
• in their opinion, the financial statements and notes comply with 
the appropriate accounting standards and give a true and fair 
view of the financial position and performance of Soul Patts
• their opinion is formed on the basis of a sound system of risk 
management and internal compliance and control, which is 
operating effectively in all material respects.
The Board received these declarations before approving 
the half-year and full-year financial statements for FY26. The CEO & 
MD and CFO also provided confirmations and assurance to support 
the Board's approval of the 2026 Sustainability Report.
Auditor engagement and independence
The lead engagement partner for the external auditor, 
Ernst & Young, attends Audit Committee meetings and reports on 
the results of their half-year review and full-year audit. During the 
year, the external auditor also had private sessions with the Audit 
Committee without members of management present.
In accordance with the Corporations Act 2001, the Company’s 
External Auditor Independence Policy requires the lead audit partner 
and quality control review partner to be rotated every five years. A 
rotation of the Company’s lead audit partner took place in 2026.
The external auditor provides us with a declaration of their 
independence as part of their half-year review and full-year audit. 
Proposals to engage the external auditor for non-audit assignments 
above a set dollar threshold require approval from the Audit 
Committee or Audit Committee Chair. 
The quantum of fees paid to the external auditors, including a 
breakdown of audit and non-audit services, is provided in Note 27 of 
the 2026 Annual Report.
The lead engagement partner for Soul Patts’ external auditor 
attends the Annual General Meeting each year. They are available to 
answer shareholder questions about the conduct of the audit and 
the preparation and content of the Audit Report.
Due diligence on unaudited periodic 
corporate reports
Soul Patts periodically releases corporate reports to the market that 
are unaudited or not reviewed by the external auditor, such as 
annual Directors’ reports, corporate governance statements and 
investor presentations (corporate reports). 
Before we release a corporate report, we undertake a verification 
process to ensure the report is materially accurate, balanced and 
provides investors with the information they need to make informed 
investment decisions.
Soul Patts’ process to verify the integrity of any corporate report 
depends on the nature of the information in the report. The process 
typically includes:
• internal subject matter experts draft the relevant sections of the 
report and take steps to verify and sign off on the accuracy of 
the statements made or the information provided through 
either:
– firsthand knowledge, or
– evidence such as analysis, original document or confirmation 
from another person with appropriate firsthand knowledge 
and accountability
• statutory reports are reviewed by the CFO, investment analysis 
is reviewed by the relevant Managing Director, Principal 
Investments of each asset class and non-financial components 
are reviewed by the MD & CEO and the Chief Operating Officer 
(COO)
• the report as a whole may also be reviewed by external advisers
• where formal Board approval is required, the appropriate Board 
committee will consider the corporate report before it is 
approved by the Board
• any matters not requiring formal approval by the Board are 
approved by the MD & CEO or Chairman for release to the 
market.
14 Soul Patts  Corporate Governance Statement 2026
Financial reporting and assurance
Soul Patts respects the rights of its shareholders and provides access 
to appropriate information about the Company in a timely manner.
Website
Soul Patts’ website, www.soulpatts.com.au, provides information 
about the Company and its governance. 
The People and Governance section provides links to:
• details of Directors and senior executives
• Soul Patts’ Constitution, charters and policies
• other corporate governance materials including the Corporate 
Governance Statement and the Company’s Modern Slavery 
Statement.
The website also provides copies of current and past annual reports, 
financial reports, key financial dates, share registry details, material 
presentations and ASX announcements.
Market updates
The Board recognises the need to provide all investors with equal 
and timely access to material information regarding Soul Patts and 
for announcements to be factual, clear, balanced and complete.
Soul Patts’ Continuous Disclosure Policy provides the framework for 
compliance with our continuous disclosure obligations. It requires 
timely disclosure through the ASX announcement platform of 
information concerning Soul Patts that a reasonable person would 
expect to have a material effect on the price or value of Soul Patts’ 
securities, or which would materially influence the decision-making 
of investors. 
The following internal procedures are in place to ensure that relevant 
information is communicated promptly:
• new and substantive investor or analyst presentation materials 
are released to ASX before the presentation is given
• shareholders are given the opportunity to participate in market 
update presentations
• the Board approves all material market announcements and 
receives copies of all announcements promptly after they have 
been made.
The Chairman and MD & CEO are responsible for determining 
disclosure obligations for the Company.
The nominated ASX continuous disclosure contact for the Company 
will ordinarily be a Company Secretary, with any change being 
notified to the ASX. The Continuous Disclosure Policy is available on 
our website.
Investor relations
Soul Patts has an investor relations calendar that provides 
opportunities for investors to attend presentations given in person 
by the MD & CEO and other senior executives in a number of capital 
cities. The investor relations calendar is available on our website.
Shareholder meetings
Soul Patts facilitates two-way communication with investors. We 
actively promote shareholder attendance and participation at the 
Annual General Meeting and other meetings of or briefings to 
shareholders.
The 2026 Annual General Meeting will be held in Sydney on Friday 
27 November 2026. The Notice of Meeting will provide further detail 
about the Annual General Meeting and how shareholders can 
participate.
The external auditor attends the Annual General Meeting to answer 
shareholders’ questions about the conduct of the audit and the 
content of the Auditor’s Report.
Shareholders who cannot attend the Annual General Meeting are 
encouraged to vote by proxy and ask questions ahead of the 
meeting on the resolutions to be considered at the meeting. All 
resolutions at the 2026 Annual General Meeting will be decided by 
a poll.
Shareholders are given the option to receive communications from, 
and send communications to, the Company and its share registry 
electronically. 
Shareholders can elect to receive electronic communications by 
contacting Computershare, our share registry. Computershare’s 
contact details are provided on our website.
15
Continuous disclosure and shareholder engagement
Risk management framework
At Soul Patts, our commitment to robust risk management is integral 
to our ability to create and protect value for our shareholders. Our 
risk management framework is designed to strengthen our resilience 
against uncertainties, ensuring that we can protect stakeholders' 
interest in the ever-evolving risk landscape.
The Board approves Soul Patts' Risk Management Strategy, Risk 
Appetite Statement and Board Delegations of Authority. The Risk 
Management Strategy formalises the guiding principles for risk 
management at Soul Patts and the systems in place to proactively 
manage risk on an ongoing basis. The Risk Appetite Statement 
defines the level of risk that Soul Patts is, or is not, willing to accept in 
pursuit of its strategic objectives. 
Soul Patts has identified four risk pillars that provide the foundation 
of our risk management framework. These pillars reflect Soul Patts’ 
approach to managing risks in its daily operations. These risk 
pillars are:
• investment
• regulatory and compliance
• brand and reputation
• strategic and operational.
Soul Patts’ risk management framework is supplemented by other 
policies and procedures that help us identify, analyse, evaluate, 
treat, monitor and report risk. Effectively communicating and 
implementing these policies and procedures ensures a consistent 
approach to risk-based decision-making.
Soul Patts is a diversified investment house investing across a range 
of industries and asset classes, including listed companies, private 
companies, credit and real assets. The operations, along with the 
associated risks and opportunities of each company we invest in, are 
managed by, or under the direction of, the directors of each 
portfolio company. The level of our governance and risk oversight 
across our investment portfolio is commensurate with the size and 
nature of our ownership and may include: 
• appointing nominee directors and voting in relation to Soul Patts’ 
holdings
• setting and communicating standards and expectations
• engaging with investee company boards and their senior 
management
• monitoring the performance of each investment, industry trends 
and macroeconomic factors
• directing internal or external reviews of risk management 
frameworks. 
Risk Committee
The Board’s Risk Committee is responsible for reviewing the 
effectiveness of the risk management framework. This ensures that 
Soul Patts’ material risks are managed, and the Company is 
operating with due regard to the risk appetite set by the Board. The 
Risk Committee’s role and responsibilities are set out in the Charter 
published on our website.
The Chair and all members of the Risk Committee are Independent, 
Non-Executive Directors. The membership of the Risk Committee is 
shown in the table of Board and Committee membership on page 6 
of this Corporate Governance Statement. The Directors’ Report in 
the 2026 Annual Report sets out attendance of Risk Committee 
members at meetings and their qualifications and experience.
During the year, the Risk Committee conducted a review of the risk 
management framework.  
The Board’s Audit Committee and People, Culture & Remuneration 
Committee oversee some aspects of risk management. The Audit 
Committee assists with oversight of risks relating to financial 
reporting. The People, Culture & Remuneration Committee assists 
with oversight of risks relating to our people and their workplace and 
ensures risk is reflected in remuneration outcomes.
For more information about Soul Patts’ approach to financial risk 
management, refer to the Risk management section in the Directors’ 
Report and Note 20 of the 2026 Annual Report.
16 Soul Patts  Corporate Governance Statement 2026
Risk management
Internal Audit
Soul Patts has an outsourced internal audit function, which provides 
independent and objective assurance on the effectiveness of the 
Company’s governance, risk management and internal controls.
The internal audit function reports to the Audit Committee and has 
full and unrestricted access to the functions, data, records and 
personnel necessary to fulfil its responsibilities. The Audit 
Committee oversees the internal audit function in accordance with 
the Audit Committee and Internal Audit Charters.
Internal audits are conducted throughout the year in accordance 
with the internal audit plan approved by the Audit Committee. 
Sustainability governance and oversight
The Board is responsible for overseeing Soul Patts’ approach to 
sustainability and climate-related risks and opportunities (CRROs) 
that could reasonably be expected to affect the Company’s 
prospects. The Board is assisted in this responsibility by the Audit 
Committee, Risk Committee and People, Culture & Remuneration 
Committee and, where required, the Independent Board 
Committee. The Board exercises its climate oversight responsibilities 
primarily through the Audit Committee and Risk Committee, which 
provide regular reporting to the full Board on climate-related 
matters. The Board, through the Risk Committee, undertakes an 
annual risk review, which includes climate-related risks and 
associated risk appetite settings.
Further information on our sustainability governance and our 
approach to risk management is set out in the 2026 Sustainability 
Report and Directors’ Report, both contained in the 2026 Annual 
Report.
17
Oversight of remuneration
Remuneration governance structure
The Board oversees the performance and conduct of Soul Patts and is supported by the People, Culture & Remuneration Committee. 
The diagram below outlines Soul Patts’ remuneration governance structure. Further information on the roles and responsibilities of the Board 
and the People, Culture & Remuneration Committee is available in their respective charters on our website. 
18 Soul Patts  Corporate Governance Statement 2026
Remuneration
Board
The Board provides leadership and strategic guidance, oversees performance and conduct, and represents and reports to the shareholders. 
In relation to remuneration governance, the Board:
• approves Soul Patts' Code of Conduct, which underpins the Company's desired culture and values
• approves Soul Patts' remuneration strategy and framework
• appoints the MD & CEO, other Executive KMP and the Company Secretary
• reviews the performance of the MD & CEO and other Executive KMP, holds them accountable, and approves their remuneration
• approves the remuneration of Non-Executive Directors within limits approved by shareholders.
People, Culture & Remuneration Committee
The PCR Committee assists the Board by overseeing Soul Patts' 
people, culture and remuneration strategies, ensuring executive 
remuneration outcomes align with the performance of the Group.
The PCR Committee is responsible for oversight and, where 
appropriate, makes recommendations to the Board on:
• employee engagement, wellbeing and diversity and inclusion
• talent attraction, retention and development
• culture, values, conduct and behaviours
• the remuneration strategy and framework
• remuneration and performance outcomes for Executive KMP
• short-term and long-term incentive plans
• Non-Executive Director fees and Board composition
• succession planning for the Board, MD & CEO and other senior 
leadership
• processes to evaluate the performance of the Board and its 
Committees
• Director induction, continuing education and training.
The views of the Board Risk Committee are considered when 
determining Executive KMP remuneration outcomes, including 
material risk matters and compliance breaches.
Stakeholder engagement
Consultation with shareholders and other stakeholders.
Independent external advisers
The Board and the PCR Committee may engage independent 
external advisers to provide advice on:
+ senior leadership remuneration
+ market trends and benchmarking
+ the remuneration strategy and framework
+ valuations of equity-based remuneration
+ people, culture and remuneration policies and practices.
Advice from external advisers supports, but does not replace, the 
judgement of the Board and the PCR Committee. Protocols are in 
place to ensure that advice and recommendations are provided 
independently and free from management influence.
Management 
Management is responsible for executing the people, culture and 
remuneration strategies approved by the Board and the PCR 
Committee, and:
+ provides analysis and recommendations on the remuneration 
strategy and framework
+ sources remuneration information from external advisers, 
including market data and accounting advice
+ implements people and culture policies and procedures.
People, Culture & Remuneration Committee
All members of the Board’s People, Culture & Remuneration Committee are Non-Executive Directors, and the majority of members are 
Independent Non-Executive Directors. The Committee is chaired by an Independent Non-Executive Director. 
The membership of the People, Culture & Remuneration Committee is set out in the table of Board and Committee memberships on page 6 
of this Corporate Governance Statement.
The Directors’ Report in the 2026 Annual Report sets out attendance of People, Culture & Remuneration Committee members at meetings 
and their qualifications and experience.
The People, Culture & Remuneration Committee Charter is published on our website. 
Approach to remuneration
Soul Patts’ remuneration strategy and principles are aligned with our purpose and guided by our values of accountability, integrity 
and initiative.
19
Our purpose
Generating 
enduring success
Align incentives with 
shareholder outcomes
Reward enduring
value creation
Reinforce ethical behaviour 
and compliance with laws
Attract and retain high-
performing individuals
Establish independently 
measured goals
Executive remuneration 
Our remuneration framework is designed to attract and retain top talent essential for driving long-term success and delivering sustained 
value to our shareholders. Our emphasis on variable remuneration underscores Soul Patts’ commitment to performance-based 
compensation, which aligns the success of our team with outcomes for shareholders.
The Board reviews Executive KMP remuneration annually, after taking into consideration the recommendations of the People, Culture & 
Remuneration Committee.
Soul Patts’ Executive KMP remuneration framework comprises of fixed remuneration and variable, at-risk rewards delivered through short-
term and long-term incentive plans. Each component is guided by the principles set out in our remuneration strategy and framework.
The STI is a shorter-term performance-based component of the remuneration framework, designed to drive results without encouraging 
undue risk-taking. It is evaluated based on the achievement of minimum performance hurdles, along with a Board assessment of individual 
performance against KPIs. 
The LTI is a cornerstone of Soul Patts' remuneration strategy, designed to ensure long-term alignment by promoting substantial share 
ownership among Executive KMP and aligning their interests with those of shareholders.
The Share Trading Policy prohibits Directors, KMPs and employees from trading in the Company’s securities for short-term or speculative 
gain, as part of a short-selling strategy or as part of a hedging arrangement if the arrangement would have the effect of limiting their 
exposure to Company securities that have not vested or are subject to a holding lock. 
Further information about Executive remuneration is set out in the 2026 Remuneration Report.
20 Soul Patts  Corporate Governance Statement 2026
Remuneration continued
Delivery today 
for our shareholders
Sustained delivery tomorrow 
for our shareholders
Fixed remuneration (FR) Short-term incentive (STI) Long-term incentive (LTI)
Attract and retain talent
– Set with reference to market benchmarks, 
considering the role and responsibilities, the 
organisation's size and complexity, and the 
necessary skills and experience
– Market remunerated roles are generally 
benchmarked between the 50th (P50) and   
75th (P75) percentiles of similar positions in 
organisations with comparable activity and 
scale, with which Soul Patts competes for talent
– Reviewed annually – individual performance 
impacts fixed remuneration adjustments
– Delivered in cash salary, salary sacrificed items 
and statutory superannuation contributions
– Minimum shareholding requirement for 
Executive KMP, including maintaining              
Soul Patts shares, equal to 200% of fixed 
remuneration for the MD & CEO  and 100%     
for other Executive KMP
Earned for delivery of annual goals
– Ensure a portion of remuneration is variable,    
at-risk and aligned to Soul Patts' strategic 
priorities
– Target allocation set with reference to market 
benchmarks for role
– Outcomes vary depending on individual 
performance, including demonstrated values 
and behaviours
– STI calculated with reference to our investment 
approach:
+ NCFI: Net Cash Flow From Investments 
growth per share, measured by comparing 
the current year to the prior year
+ NAV: Net Asset Value (pre-tax) Total 
Return, measured relative to a risk-adjusted 
expected return using the ASX200 Total 
Return Index
– Board retains discretion to increase or decrease 
the STI outcome
– Delivered as 75% in cash following the 
announcement of the Company’s annual 
financial results and 25% in rights vesting the 
following year
Earned for long-term value creation
– Align accountability and remuneration with    
the long-term interests of shareholders by 
rewarding the delivery of sustained             
above-market performance
– Target allocation set with reference to      
market benchmarks for role
– Award vesting is subject to minimum Company 
performance requirements being met:
+ TSR: Total Shareholder Return (TSR), 
measured relative to the ASX200 Total 
Return Index
+ NAV: Net Asset Value growth per share, 
measured as the compound annual growth 
rate over the three-year period
+ NCFI: Net Cash Flow From Investments 
growth per share, measured as total growth 
over the three-year period
– Board retains discretion including malus           
and clawback 
– Delivered as performance rights which are 
subject to a 9-year disposal restriction from the 
start of the measurement period
Performance year
(Year 1)
Vesting subject to performance
(Year 3)
At-risk portion
Non-Executive Director remuneration
The remuneration policy for Non-Executive Directors aims to 
attract and retain skilled, experienced and committed individuals by 
appropriately compensating them for their time and expertise. Our 
policy considers the Group’s size and scope, the responsibilities and 
liabilities of Directors and the demands placed upon them.
Non-Executive Directors receive a fee for their role on the Board and 
its committees. These remuneration levels, which are not subject to 
performance-based incentives, are reviewed annually by the 
People, Culture & Remuneration Committee. Non-Executive 
Directors are remunerated at competitive market rates, consistent 
with Soul Patts’ remuneration strategy of positioning fees toward 
the upper quartile of benchmark peers. Fees are funded from the 
maximum aggregate amount approved by shareholders, currently 
set at $3.5 million per annum.
Effective 1 March 2025, and as disclosed in the Scheme 
documentation, the Board moved to an all-inclusive fee structure 
that reflects the collective contributions of all Directors across Board 
committees, consistent with the way in which the Board operates. 
While each committee continues to have a distinct chair and core 
members, remuneration no longer differentiates between 
committee chair and members. This simplifies the fee framework 
while maintaining strong governance and oversight.
The Board encourages Non-Executive Directors to hold shares in the 
Company, although no minimum shareholding is mandated. 
Commencing in FY27, the Company will introduce a voluntary 
Non-Executive Director salary sacrifice rights plan (NED Plan), 
under which Non-Executive Directors of the Company may elect 
to receive all or part of their annual pre-tax Director fees (excluding 
superannuation) in the form of share rights.
Further information about Non-Executive Directors’ remuneration is 
set out in the Remuneration Report in the 2026 Annual Report.
Further information
For further information concerning Soul Patts’ corporate 
governance practices, refer to the People and Governance section 
of our website.
21
Registered office
Level 8, 121 Castlereagh Street Sydney, NSW 2000
GPO Box 5015, Sydney NSW 2001
Telephone: +61 2 9210 7070
www.soulpatts.com.au
Share registry
Computershare Investor Services
GPO Box 2975, Melbourne Victoria 3001
Telephone: 1300 855 080 (within Australia)
+61 3 9415 4000 (International)
www.investorcentre.com/contact
Auditors
Ernst & Young
200 George Street, Sydney NSW 2000
GPO Box 2646, Sydney NSW 2001
Telephone: +61 2 9248 5555
www.ey.com/en_au
soulpatts.com.au