Share Buyback Supernova Digital Assets PLC 30 December 2024 This announcement contains information which, prior to its disclosure, was inside information as stipulated under Regulation 11 of the Market Abuse (Amendment) (EU Exit) Regulations 2019/310 (as amended). Upon the publication of this announcement via a Regulatory Information Service, this inside information is now considered to be in the public domain. 30 December 2024 Supernova Digital Assets PLC ("Supernova" or the "Company") Share Buyback Supernova Digital Assets PLC (AQSE: SOL) announces that, further to authorisation granted by shareholders at the Annual General Meeting of the Company held on 7 May 2024 ("AGM"), it acquired the following number of ordinary shares of £0.001 each ("Ordinary Shares") through Oberon Investments Limited. Date of purchase: 27 December 2024 Number of Ordinary Shares purchased: 67,000,000 Highest price paid per share (GBP): 0.002239 Lowest price paid per share (GBP): 0.002239 Volume weighted average price paid (GBP): 0.002239 The purchase was be made in accordance with the resolution passed by shareholders at the AGM. A copy of the circular convening AGM, which contains the full text of the resolution, is available on the Company's website https://www.supernovaplc.com/investors The maximum aggregate number of Ordinary Shares authorised to be purchased is 1,300,000,000, representing approximately 90% of the issued capital of the Company as of 5 April 2024. The minimum price, exclusive of all expenses, authorised to be paid for an Ordinary Share is the nominal value of an Ordinary Share. The maximum price, exclusive of all expenses, authorised to be paid for an Ordinary Share is whichever is the higher of £0.0024 and an amount equal to the net asset value of the Company per share as announced by the Company on a Regulatory Information Service from time to time. The authority granted at the AGM will expire on 31 December 2025. Notification of total voting rights in accordance with paragraph 5.6.1 of the FCA's Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rules The purchased Ordinary Shares will be held in treasury by the Company. Following this purchase, the issued share capital of the Company is 1,603,225,646 Ordinary Shares, each share carrying the right to one vote, of which 67,000,000 are held in treasury. For reporting purposes under the FCA's Disclosure and Transparency Rules the market should exclude any shares held in treasury and should use the figure 1,536,225,646 when determining if they are required to notify their interest in, or a change to their interest in the Company. The Company will make further announcements in due course following the completion of any further purchases pursuant to the authority granted at the AGM. In accordance with Article 5(1)(b) of Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 as it applies in the UK (the Market Abuse Regulation), the table below contains detailed information of the individual trades made by Oberon Investments Limited on behalf of the Company pursuant to the authority granted at the AGM. Individual transaction Number of ordinary Shares Transaction price (GBP share) Time of transaction (UK time) Trading venue 67,000,000 0.002239 08:00 AQSE The Directors of Supernova accept responsibility for this announcement. For further information please contact: Supernova Digital Assets Mike Edwards Executive Chairman Via First Sentinel First Sentinel Corporate Adviser Brian Stockbridge +44 7858 888 007 About Supernova Digital Assets: The Company will look to identify investment and business building opportunities in the high growth Solana and crypto currency ecosystem. The Board intends to deploy the majority of the Company's cash resources in the acquisition of minority interests in a number of different, yet to be identified, companies in the broad Solana and crypto currency ecosystem, and to apply expertise to the business operations and strategic plans of these companies. The experience, operational skills and contacts of the Board are intended to act as an accelerator to start-ups and early-stage companies to maximise their profit opportunity. It is anticipated that returns to Shareholders will be delivered through a combination of an appreciation in the Company's share price and through the adoption of a progressive dividend policy. The Company's Directors have an established track record, experience and networks in the crypto currency sector, digital assets management, as well as the media industry to drive value creation. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Supernova Digital Assets Plc (SOL) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 18 minutes ago Bloomsbury Publishing 24 minutes ago Smith & Nephew 1 hour ago ActiveOps 3 hours ago South32 Limited (DI) 4 hours ago Greatland Gold All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and