Operational Update & Board Changes AQRU plc 29 August 2023 This announcement contains information which, prior to its disclosure, was inside information as stipulated under Regulation 11 of the Market Abuse (Amendment) (EU Exit) Regulations 2019/310 (as amended). Upon the publication of this announcement via a Regulatory Information Service, this inside information is now considered to be in the public domain. 29 August 2023 AQRU PLC ("AQRU" or "the Company") Operational Update & Board Changes AQRU plc (AQSE: AQRU), an incubator specialising in opportunities in decentralised finance ("DeFi"), today announces it has conducted an operational review designed to make it a leaner, more efficient business . Further to the Company's measures to streamline its cost base conducted last year, the Company has continued to downside its employee base and it has additionally streamlined its investment pipeline. Board Changes As part of this operational review, the Board will, going forward, be comprised of Mike Edwards as Executive Chairman, Nicholas Lyth as CFO and Mark Rutledge as Independent Non-Executive Director. The Board would like to thank Phil Blows, Digby Try and Dr. Philipp Kallerhoff for their considerable efforts. Investment Restructuring The Company has also restructured its digital asset businesses which includes the AQRU app, Maple Finance and other technology businesses having transferred its interest in those businesses to Langland Software Solutions Ltd ("Langland") in exchange for a 30%-stake in that company. Langland is controlled by Phil Blows (who is also a director) who will continue to operate these assets and, hence, customers of these products should not experience any disruption in their services. Following this restructuring, the Company now only holds its investment in NFT Investments PLC, StreaksAI PLC, London Carbon Exchange and private equity investments made prior to its IPO, in addition to the 30%-stake in Langland and approximately £1m in cash and crypto tokens. The Directors of AQRU plc take responsibility for this announcement. For further information, please contact: AQRU Mike Edwards Executive Chairman Via First Sentinel +44 203 989 2222 First Sentinel AQSE Corporate Adviser Brian Stockbridge +44 7876 888 011 About AQRU plc: AQRU is an incubator specialising in opportunities in decentralised finance (DeFi), a disruptive technology using blockchain and cryptocurrencies to remove financial intermediaries from transactions, creating a cheaper, more efficient and more secure way of providing financial services. Listed on the Aquis Exchange in London, we apply our expertise to the business operations and strategic plans of FinTech companies in the UK, USA and Canada, and act as an accelerator for start-ups and early-stage companies. www.aqruplc.com This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Supernova Digital Assets Plc (SOL) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 hour ago South32 Limited (DI) 2 hours ago Greatland Gold 3 hours ago Audioboom Group 16 hours ago Legal & General Group 18 hours ago Senior All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and