Change of name and focus on the SOL ecosystem AQRU plc 11 January 2024 11 January 2024 AQRU Plc ("AQRU" or "the Company") Change of name to Supernova Digital Assets Plc and focus on the SOL ecosystem AQRU Plc (AQUIS: AQRU), is pleased to announce that the Company is to change its name to Supernova Digital Assets Plc. The relevant paperwork has been filed with Companies House, and the change of name will be effective once Companies House has issued a certificate of incorporation on change of name. A further confirmatory announcement will be made when the name change is formally effective. The change aligns the Company's name with its strategic focus to become a value provider for the Solana ecosystem. The Board of Directors believe that the Supernova Digital Assets name better reflects the Company's desire to build an active and engaged community of investors that believe in the opportunity of the Solana ecosystem and want public market exposure to this growing market. Following the name change becoming effective, the Company's ticker symbol, under which its shares are traded on the AQUIS, will be changed to "SOL", and a further announcement will be made; until such time, trading will continue under the "AQRU" stock ticker. Update on Balance Sheet The Company has an unaudited net asset value of £3.6million (0.297p per share) as at 10 January 2024, including £2.157 million (0.166p per share) in liquid crypto. The current share bid price is now 66% below the Company's net asset value ("NAV"). The company holds crypto tokens worth £2.157 million, with 27,118 of these being Solana Tokens, which as of January 10, 2024, are valued at £2.013m. In addition, the Company's website address has changed to www.thesupernova.io Michael Edwards, Executive Director of Supernova Digital Assets commented : "The change of name announced today further solidifies our strategic shift in our operations to focus on the Solana digital asset ecosystem. We believe that through the power of the Solana network we can build, stake, and invest in a foundational technology of the future. There are more than 2500 active monthly developers on the SOL network now and we believe that the scalability and throughput of the SOL network will lead to a significant ROI for investors in the crypto ecosystem in the long term. We are eager to leverage our current momentum and our solid SOL token position to drive substantial, enduring growth in the future." The Directors of Supernova Digital Assets Plc accept responsibility for this announcement. For further information please contact: Supernova Digital Assets Plc Mike Edwards Executive Chairman Via First Sentinel First Sentinel AQSE Corporate Adviser Brian Stockbridge +44 7858 888 007 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Supernova Digital Assets Plc (SOL) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 20 hours ago Accsys Technologies 20 hours ago CMC Markets 20 hours ago Fuller Smith & Turner 21 hours ago GSK 22 hours ago Banco Santander S.A. All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and