AMERICAN TUNGSTEN & ANTIMONY LTD  ACN 168 269 752 
A 2/68 Hay Street, Subiaco WA 6008 Australia  
P  +61 (08) 6256 4403  |  E  info@ataa.com  |  W   www.ataa.com Page 1 of 2 
 
ASX ANNOUNCEMENT  
19 August  2026 
ASX: AT4  |  OTCQB: ATALF  
 
 
U.S. DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY FUNDING UPDATE 
American Tungsten & Antimony Limited (ASX: AT4; OTCQB: ATALF) ("AT4" or "the Company") is pleased to 
advise that its wholly owned United States subsidiary, Trigg Minerals (USA) LLC, has been selected by the U.S. 
Department of Energy ("DOE") for the commencement of negotiations regarding the scope and terms of a 
potential financial award o f up to US$18 million for the Advanced Smelting Capacity for Expansion and 
National Dominance in Antimony  (‘ASCEND-Sb Project ’). The ASCEND -Sb Project is one of nine projects 
selected nationally under a US$162 million DOE program announced on 18 August 2026 (Washington, D.C. 
time).  
The funding program is administered by the DOE Advanced Mining and Mineral Production Technologies 
Office, under the Office of Critical Minerals and Energy Innovation (CMEI), under the Infrastructure Investment 
and Jobs Act Mines & Metals Capacity Expansion program. 
NEXT STEPS 
The Company will work with DOE to negotiate the scope and terms of the funding package (if any). In 
particular, as part of these negotiations and the Company’s own ongoing assessment of its strategic 
priorities, the Company intends to work with the DOE to assess the allocation of funds to the ASCEND -Sb 
Project and, potentially, other assets including the Del Sol Refinery. 
As stated by DOE, selection for award negotiations is not a commitment by DOE to issue an award or to 
provide funding. Funding will only be obligated on completion of award negotiations and execution of an 
award agreement by a DOE Grants Officer. DOE may c ancel negotiations and rescind the selection at any 
time and for any reason, and award amounts are subject to change through negotiation. As such, there is no 
guarantee that any funding will be made available by the DOE for the ASCEND -Sb Project or any oth er AT4 
assets. 
The Company will provide updates to the market on the funding as its negotiations with the DOE progress. 
Authorised for release by the Board of Directors of American Tungsten & Antimony Ltd. 
– ENDS – 
For more information please contact: 
 
Casper Adson      Kristin Rowe 
American Tungsten & Antimony Ltd  NWR Communications 
Chief Executive Officer    Investor Relations 
info@ataa.com      kristin@nwrcommunications.com.au 
+61 (08) 6256 4403     +61 (0) 404 889 896
Page 2 of 2 
 
ASX: AT4  |  OTCQB: ATALF 
ABOUT AMERICAN TUNGSTEN AND ANTIMONY LIMITED 
American Tungsten and Antimony Limited (ASX: AT4, OTCQB: ATALF) is advancing critical mineral 
development in Tier-1 US jurisdictions, with a strategic vision to become a vertically integrated, conflict-free 
supplier to Western economies. 
Its flagship Antimony Canyon Project in Utah, USA, is one of the country’s largest and highest -grade 
undeveloped antimony systems — historically mined but never subjected to modern exploration. The recently 
secured Tennessee Mountain Tungsten Project in Ne vada further strengthens ATAA’s position in critical 
minerals, adding scale and diversification within a Tier-1 jurisdiction. 
With a proven leadership team, active government engagement, and smelter development underway, ATAA 
is strategically positioned to lead the resurgence of antimony and tungsten supply from reliable Western 
sources. 
For further information regarding American Tungsten and Antimony Limited, please visit the ASX platform 
(ASX: AT4) or the Company’s website at www.ataa.com. 
The Company has entered into a share sale and purchase agreement to acquire the Del Sol Refinery in Nevada 
and the White Spar Antimony Mine in Arizona, as announced on 28 July 2026. That acquisition has not 
completed. 
Forward-Looking Statements 
This announcement contains forward -looking statements, including statements about the proposed US 
Government funding, and the Company’s strategy and objectives. Forward-looking statements can generally 
be identified by words such as anticipate, believe, expect, intend, may, plan, propose, target, will and would, 
and similar expressions. Forward-looking statements are not statements of historical fact. They are based on 
assumptions and estimates and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other fa ctors, many of 
which are outside the control of the Company. Those factors include the outcome of any application for US 
Government funding. Actual results, performance and achievements may differ materially from those 
expressed or implied by the forward -looking statements in this announcement. Investors should not place 
undue reliance on forward -looking statements. Except as required by law or by the ASX Listing Rules, the 
Company does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any forward -looking st atement in this 
announcement, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.