Grant of Share Options and Director's Dealings Supernova Digital Assets PLC 06 January 2025 This announcement contains information which, prior to its disclosure, was inside information as stipulated under Regulation 11 of the Market Abuse (Amendment) (EU Exit) Regulations 2019/310 (as amended). Upon the publication of this announcement via a Regulatory Information Service, this inside information is now considered to be in the public domain. 6 January 2025 Supernova Digital Assets PLC ("Supernova" or the "Company") Grant of Share Options and Director's Dealings Supernova Digital Assets PLC (AQSE: SOL) announces that it has granted options over a total of 160,000,000 ordinary shares of £0.001 each ("Options"), details of which are set out below. The Options are exercisable at 0.325p per share, the current share price on the grant day of 2 January 2025. A total of 50,000,000 Options were granted pursuant to the Company's Enterprise Management Incentive ("EMI") Option Plan. Option holder Number of options Exercise Price per Share Whether EMI or non-qualifying Option Lapse date Vesting Nicholas Lyth 50,000,000 0.325 pence per Share EMI 10th anniversary of the Grant Date 12/36ths vest on Grant Date, and thereafter a further 1/24th of the remaining Shares vest each month Marallo Pte Ltd (Controlled by Mike Edwards) 100,000,000 0.325 pence per Share Non-qualifying 10th anniversary of the Grant Date 12/36ths vest on Grant Date, and thereafter a further 1/24th of the remaining Shares vest each month Carraway Capital Corporation (Controlled by Mark Rutledge) 10,000,000 0.325 pence per Share Non-qualifying 10th anniversary of the Grant Date 12/36ths vest on Grant Date, and thereafter a further 1/24th of the remaining Shares vest each month The Directors of Supernova accept responsibility for this announcement. For further information please contact: Supernova Digital Assets Mike Edwards Executive Chairman Via First Sentinel First Sentinel Corporate Adviser Brian Stockbridge +44 7858 888 007 About Supernova Digital Assets: The Company will look to identify investment and business building opportunities in the high growth Solana and crypto currency ecosystem. The Board intends to deploy the majority of the Company's cash resources in the acquisition of minority interests in a number of different, yet to be identified, companies in the broad Solana and crypto currency ecosystem, and to apply expertise to the business operations and strategic plans of these companies. The experience, operational skills and contacts of the Board are intended to act as an accelerator to start-ups and early-stage companies to maximise their profit opportunity. It is anticipated that returns to Shareholders will be delivered through a combination of an appreciation in the Company's share price and through the adoption of a progressive dividend policy. The Company's Directors have an established track record, experience and networks in the crypto currency sector, digital assets management, as well as the media industry to drive value creation. Notification and public disclosure of transactions by persons discharging managerial responsibilities and persons closely associated with them. 1. Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / person closely associated a) Name Nicholas Lyth 2. Reason for the Notification a) Position/status Director b) Initial notification / Amendment Initial notification 3. Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name Supernova Digital Assets PLC b) LEI 213800JY9TG4848ZLR34 4. Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the Financial instrument, type of instrument Ordinary shares ISIN GB00BN6JHS87 b) Nature of the transaction Grant of an option over ordinary shares under the Enterprise Management Incentive Option Plan at Nil consideration c) Price(s) and volume(s) Option Price Volume(s) 0.325 pence per Ordinary Share Option over 50,000,000 Ordinary Shares d) Aggregated information: · Aggregated volume · Price 50,000,000 Ordinary Shares £162,500 e) Date of the transaction 2 January 2025 f) Place of the Transaction Outside trading venue 1. Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / person closely associated a) Name Marallo Pte Ltd 2. Reason for the Notification a) Position/status PCA of Mike Edwards, Director of Supernova Digital Assets PLC b) Initial notification / Amendment Initial notification 3. Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name Supernova Digital Assets PLC b) LEI 213800JY9TG4848ZLR34 4. Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the Financial instrument, type of instrument Ordinary shares ISIN GB00BN6JHS87 b) Nature of the transaction Grant of an option over ordinary shares at Nil consideration c) Price(s) and volume(s) Option Price Volume(s) 0.325 pence per Ordinary Share Option over 100,000,000 Ordinary Shares d) Aggregated information: · Aggregated volume · Price 100,000,000 Ordinary Shares £325,000 e) Date of the transaction 2 January 2025 f) Place of the Transaction Outside trading venue 1. Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / person closely associated a) Name Carraway Capital Corporation 2. Reason for the Notification a) Position/status PCA of Mark Rutledge , Director of Supernova Digital Assets PLC b) Initial notification / Amendment Initial notification 3. Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name Supernova Digital Assets PLC b) LEI 213800JY9TG4848ZLR34 4. Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the Financial instrument, type of instrument Ordinary shares ISIN GB00BN6JHS87 b) Nature of the transaction Grant of an option over ordinary shares at Nil consideration c) Price(s) and volume(s) Option Price Volume(s) 0.325 pence per Ordinary Share Option over 10,000,000 Ordinary Shares d) Aggregated information: · Aggregated volume · Price 10,000,000 Ordinary Shares £32,500 e) Date of the transaction 2 January 2025 f) Place of the Transaction Outside trading venue This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Supernova Digital Assets Plc (SOL) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 18 minutes ago Bloomsbury Publishing 24 minutes ago Smith & Nephew 1 hour ago ActiveOps 3 hours ago South32 Limited (DI) 4 hours ago Greatland Gold All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and