Director's Dealings Supernova Digital Assets PLC 10 April 2024 The information contained within this announcement is deemed by the Company to constitute inside information stipulated under the Market Abuse Regulation (EU) No. 596/2014, as retained as part of the law of England and Wales. Upon the publication of this announcement via the Regulatory Information Service, this inside information is now considered to be in the public domain. 10 April 2024 Supernova Digital Assets PLC ("Supernova" or the "Company") Director's Dealings Supernova Digital Assets (AQSE: SOL), announces that Nicholas Lyth (Director of Supernova) has purchased a total of 2,000,000 ordinary shares in the Company ("Ordinary Shares"), the details of which are set out in the notification below. Notification and public disclosure of transactions by persons discharging managerial responsibilities and persons closely associated with them. 1. Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / person closely associated a) Name Nicholas Lyth 2. Reason for the Notification a) Position/status Director b) Initial notification / Amendment Initial notification 3. Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name Supernova Digital Assets PLC b) LEI 213800JY9TG4848ZLR34 4. Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the Financial instrument, type of instrument Ordinary shares ISIN GB00BN6JHS87 b) Nature of the transaction Purchase of shares c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) 0.19 pence per Ordinary Share 2,000,000 Ordinary Shares d) Aggregated information: · Aggregated volume · Price 2,000,000 Ordinary Shares £3,800 e) Date of the transaction 09 April 2024 f) Place of the Transaction Aquis Exchange Growth Market (AQSE) For further information please contact: Supernova Michael Edwards Executive Chairman Via First Sentinel First Sentinel AQSE Corporate Adviser Brian Stockbridge +44 7858 888 007 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Supernova Digital Assets Plc (SOL) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 17 minutes ago Bloomsbury Publishing 24 minutes ago Smith & Nephew 1 hour ago ActiveOps 3 hours ago South32 Limited (DI) 4 hours ago Greatland Gold All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and