Share capital reduction update Supernova Digital Assets PLC 05 August 2024 5 August 2024 Supernova Digital Assets PLC ("Supernova" or the "Company") Share capital reduction update and proposed return of value to shareholders Supernova (AQSE: SOL), a company specialising in the Solana ecosystem, is pleased to announce that, following the announcement on 24 July 2024, the court order and statement of capital have been received and registered by the Registrar of Companies. Therefore, the share capital reduction is now effective. Following the implementation of the share capital reduction, there will be no change in the nominal value of the Company's shares or the number of shares in issue. Proposed return of value to shareholders On 4 March 2024, the Company announced that: · it intended to return value to shareholders after Phoenix Digital Assets PLC (AQSE: PNIX) completed its tender offer to shareholders; and · it intended to achieve the return of value by purchasing its own shares. Phoenix Digital Assets PLC has now completed its tender offer to shareholders. Buyback Following the cancellation of the share premium account, it remains the Company's intention to implement a buyback in due course. For further information please contact: Supernova Digital Assets Mike Edwards Executive Chairman +44 7858 888 007 First Sentinel Corporate Adviser Brian Stockbridge +44 7876 888 011 About Supernova Digital Assets: The Company will look to identify investment and business building opportunities in the high growth Solana and crypto currency ecosystem. The Board intends to deploy the majority of the Company's cash resources in the acquisition of minority interests in a number of different, yet to be identified, companies in the broad Solana and crypto currency ecosystem, and to apply expertise to the business operations and strategic plans of these companies. The experience, operational skills and contacts of the Board are intended to act as an accelerator to start-ups and early-stage companies to maximise their profit opportunity. It is anticipated that returns to Shareholders will be delivered through a combination of an appreciation in the Company's share price and through the adoption of a progressive dividend policy. The Company's Directors have an established track record, experience and networks in the crypto currency sector, digital assets management, as well as the media industry to drive value creation. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Supernova Digital Assets Plc (SOL) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 17 minutes ago Bloomsbury Publishing 24 minutes ago Smith & Nephew 1 hour ago ActiveOps 3 hours ago South32 Limited (DI) 4 hours ago Greatland Gold All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and