Change of name Supernova Digital Assets PLC 26 January 2024 26 January 2024 Supernova Digital Assets Plc (formerly AQRU Plc) ("Supernova Digital Assets" or "the Company") Change of name to Supernova Digital Assets Plc Supernova Digital Assets Plc (AQUIS: SOL) is pleased to announce that, further to its announcement dated 11 January 2024, its change of name to Supernova Digital Assets Plc has now been registered at Companies House and will take effect on the AQSE Exchange from today, 26 January 2024, at 8.00 a.m. The Company's ticker symbol, under which its shares are traded on the AQSE Growth Market, has changed to "SOL". The Company confirms that there is no change to the Company's ISIN (GB00BN6JHS87). Shareholders will be unaffected by the change of name, and existing share certificates should be retained and remain valid. The Directors of Supernova Digital Assets accept responsibility for this announcement. For further information please contact: Supernova Digital Assets Mike Edwards Executive Chairman Via First Sentinel First Sentinel Brian Stockbridge AQSE Corporate Adviser +44 7858 888 007 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Supernova Digital Assets Plc (SOL) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 17 minutes ago Bloomsbury Publishing 24 minutes ago Smith & Nephew 1 hour ago ActiveOps 3 hours ago South32 Limited (DI) 4 hours ago Greatland Gold All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and