Transaction In Own Shares Supernova Digital Assets PLC 05 August 2025 This announcement contains information which, prior to its disclosure, was inside information as stipulated under Regulation 11 of the Market Abuse (Amendment) (EU Exit) Regulations 2019/310 (as amended). Upon the publication of this announcement via a Regulatory Information Service, this inside information is now considered to be in the public domain. 05 August 2025 Supernova Digital Assets PLC ("Supernova" or the "Company") Transaction In Own Shares Supernova Digital Assets PLC (AQSE: SOL) announces that, pursuant to the authorisation granted by shareholders to the Company at the AGM held on 4 August 2025 to buy back its shares ("Authorisation"), it has acquired the following number of ordinary shares of £0.001 each ("Ordinary Shares") through Oberon Investments Limited. Date of purchase: 04 August 2025 Number of Ordinary Shares purchased: 87,000,000 Highest price paid per share (GBP): 0.002586 Lowest price paid per share (GBP): 0.002586 Volume weighted average price paid (GBP): 0.002586 At its 2025 Annual General Meeting held on 4 August 2025, shareholders passed the Authorisation, being a special resolution authorising the Company to buy back up to 1,450,000,000 Ordinary Shares, representing approximately 90 per cent of the Company's issued share capital as of 9 July 2025. The minimum price, exclusive of all expenses, which may be paid for an Ordinary Share is the nominal value of an Ordinary Share; the maximum price, exclusive of all expenses, which may be paid for an Ordinary Share is an amount equal to the net asset value of the Company per share as announced by the Company on a Regulatory Information Service from time to time. The authority conferred by this resolution will expire on 31 December 2026, all future purchases of Ordinary Shares will be made pursuant to this authority. The Company announced its half yearly results on 31 July 2025, including net assets which equate to a net asset per share of £0.002949 as at 30 April 2025, and therefore the price paid is in accordance with the terms of the Authorisation. Notification of total voting rights in accordance with paragraph 5.6.1 of the FCA's Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rules The purchased Ordinary Shares will be held in treasury by the Company. Following this purchase, the issued share capital of the Company is 1,603,225,646 Ordinary Shares, each share carrying the right to one vote, of which 154,000,000 are held in treasury. For reporting purposes under the FCA's Disclosure and Transparency Rules the market should exclude any shares held in treasury and should use the figure 1,449,225,646 when determining if they are required to notify their interest in, or a change to their interest in the Company. The Company will make further announcements in due course following the completion of any further purchases pursuant to the 2025 Authorisation granted to the Company. In accordance with Article 5(1)(b) of Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 as it applies in the UK (the Market Abuse Regulation), the table below contains detailed information of the individual trades made by Oberon Investments Limited on behalf of the Company pursuant to the Authorisation. Individual transaction Number of ordinary Shares Transaction price (GBP share) Time of transaction (UK time) Trading venue 87,000,000 0.002586 13:13 Aquis Stock Exchange The Directors of Supernova accept responsibility for this announcement. For further information please contact: Supernova Digital Assets Mike Edwards Executive Chairman Via First Sentinel First Sentinel Corporate Adviser Brian Stockbridge +44 7858 888 007 About Supernova Digital Assets: The Company will look to identify investment and business building opportunities in the high growth Solana and crypto currency ecosystem. The Board intends to deploy the majority of the Company's cash resources in the acquisition of minority interests in a number of different, yet to be identified, companies in the broad Solana and crypto currency ecosystem, and to apply expertise to the business operations and strategic plans of these companies. The experience, operational skills and contacts of the Board are intended to act as an accelerator to start-ups and early-stage companies to maximise their profit opportunity. It is anticipated that returns to Shareholders will be delivered through a combination of an appreciation in the Company's share price and through the adoption of a progressive dividend policy. The Company's Directors have an established track record, experience and networks in the crypto currency sector, digital assets management, as well as the media industry to drive value creation. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Supernova Digital Assets Plc (SOL) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 44 minutes ago British American Tobacco 46 minutes ago Staffline Group 49 minutes ago Bunzl 49 minutes ago British American Tobacco 1 hour ago Howden Joinery Group All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and