BETA Close X Atalaya Mining announced that all ordinary shares represented by physical certificates as of January 9, 2025, have been converted into electronic form, represented by CREST Depositary Interests (CDIs). This conversion enables certificated holders to trade their Atalaya ordinary shares and receive the 2024 final dividend, which was paid to CDI holders on July 23, 2025, along with any future dividend payments. Certificated holders, whose holdings represent less than 0.97% of the company's share capital, are instructed to submit a transfer request form to The Law Debenture Trust Corporation to facilitate the transfer of CDIs to a nominated CREST member. Disclaimer* Atalaya Mining Copper, S.A. 17 September 2025 17 September 2025 Atalaya Mining Copper, S.A. ("Atalaya" or "the Company") Notice for Holders of Physical Share Certificates Atalaya Mining (LSE: ATYM) announces that alternative arrangements have now been implemented to assist the holders of Atalaya ordinary shares represented by physical certificates as at 9 January 2025 ("Certificated Holders") to convert their shares into electronic form represented by CREST Depositary Interests ("CDIs"). All ordinary shares represented by physical certificates as at 9 January 2025 have now been converted into electronic form and are now represented by CDIs. Upon the completion of the transfer described below, the conversion to CDIs will allow Certificated Holders to trade their Atalaya ordinary shares and receive the 2024 final dividend (which was paid to holders of CDIs on 23 July 2025) and any future dividend payments. Certificated Holders are asked to submit a transfer request form to The Law Debenture Trust Corporation, who will effect the transfer of CDIs to a CREST member nominated by them. Transfer Request Form: https://atalayamining.com/investors/certificated-holders/ Contact Information: The Law Debenture Trust Corporation p.l.c. The Manager, Commercial Trusts Reference: TC 206459 legal.notices@lawdeb.com +44 20 7606 5451 This notice follows the Company's announcement on 6 January 2025 where Certificated Holders (whose holdings of ordinary shares together represent less than 0.97% of the Company's share capital) were recommended to present their physical certificates to Iberclear for conversion into shares represented by book entries. Contacts: SEC Newgate UK Elisabeth Cowell / Tom Carnegie / Gwen Samuel +44 20 3757 6882 Atalaya Mining Michael Rechsteiner +34 959 59 28 50 About Atalaya Mining Copper, S.A. Atalaya is a European copper producer that owns and operates the Proyecto Riotinto complex in southwest Spain. Atalaya's shares trade on the London Stock Exchange's Main Market under the symbol "ATYM" and Atalaya is a FTSE 250 Index constituent. Atalaya's operations include the Cerro Colorado open pit mine and a modern 15 Mtpa processing plant, which has the potential to become a central processing hub for ore sourced from its wholly owned regional projects around Riotinto, such as Proyecto Masa Valverde and Proyecto Riotinto East. In addition, Atalaya has a phased earn-in agreement for up to 80% ownership of Cobre San Rafael S.L., which fully owns the Proyecto Touro brownfield copper project in the northwest of Spain, as well as a 99.9% interest in Proyecto Ossa Morena. For further information, please visit www.atalayamining.com This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Atalaya Mining (ATYM) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 2 hours ago CloudCoco Group 2 hours ago Petrotal Corporation NPV (DI) 2 hours ago Integrated Diagnostics Holdings 3 hours ago Inchcape 3 hours ago PZ Cussons All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and