BETA Close X Atalaya Mining Copper, S.A. has announced a conditional retail offer of new ordinary shares via RetailBook, alongside a separate placing to institutional investors, with the issue price to be determined post-bookbuilding. This fundraising aims to accelerate the development of its Spanish copper growth projects and provide financial flexibility for Proyecto Touro, while also advancing its Riotinto District pipeline. The retail offer is open to UK investors, including existing shareholders and new participants, with a minimum subscription of £250, and applications can be made through tax-efficient vehicles like ISAs and SIPPs, as well as General Investment Accounts. The retail offer is conditional on the placing's completion and is expected to close on January 27, 2026, with admission anticipated on February 2, 2026. Disclaimer* Atalaya Mining Copper, S.A. 27 January 2026 THIS ANNOUNCEMENT CONTAINS INSIDE INFORMATION FOR THE PURPOSES OF ARTICLE 7 OF THE MARKET ABUSE REGULATION (EU) 596/2014 (WHICH FORMS PART OF DOMESTIC UK LAW PURSUANT TO THE EUROPEAN UNION (WITHDRAWAL) ACT 2018 ("UK MAR"). NOT FOR RELEASE, PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION, DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, IN WHOLE OR IN PART, IN ANY JURISDICTION WHERE, OR TO ANY OTHER PERSON TO WHOM, TO DO SO MIGHT CONSTITUTE A VIOLATION OR BREACH OF ANY APPLICABLE LAW OR REGULATION. PLEASE SEE THE IMPORTANT NOTICE AT THE END OF THIS ANNOUNCEMENT THIS ANNOUNCEMENT AMOUNTS TO A FINANCIAL PROMOTION FOR THE PURPOSES OF SECTION 21 OF THE FINANCIAL SERVICES AND MARKETS ACT 2000 ("FSMA") AND HAS BEEN APPROVED BY RETAIL BOOK LIMITED WHICH IS AUTHORISED AND REGULATED BY THE FINANCIAL CONDUCT AUTHORITY (FRN 994238). THIS FINANCIAL PROMOTION IS NOT INTENDED TO BE INVESTMENT ADVICE. THIS ANNOUNCEMENT IS FOR INFORMATIONAL PURPOSES ONLY, AND DOES NOT CONSTITUTE OR FORM PART OF ANY OFFER OR INVITATION TO SELL OR ISSUE, OR ANY SOLICITATION OF AN OFFER TO PURCHASE OR SUBSCRIBE FOR, ANY SECURITIES OF ATALAYA MINING COPPER, S.A.. NOT FOR RELEASE, PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION IN WHOLE OR IN PART IN OR INTO THE UNITED STATES, CANADA, AUSTRALIA OR JAPAN. 27 January 2026 Atalaya Mining Copper, S.A. ("Atalaya" or the " Company ") Retail Offer by RetailBook Atalaya Mining (LSE: ATYM) is pleased to announce a conditional retail offer of new ordinary shares in the capital of the Company ("Ordinary Shares") via RetailBook (the "Retail Offer"). As separately announced today, the Company is also conducting a placing of new Ordinary Shares to institutional investors by way of an accelerated bookbuilding process (the "Placing", together with the Retail Offer, the "Fundraise"). For the avoidance of doubt, the Retail Offer is not part of the Placing. The issue price of the new Ordinary Shares to be issued pursuant to the Fundraise will be determined following the close of the bookbuilding process. Highlights · The Company announces a conditional retail offer of new Ordinary Shares via RetailBook · The issue price for the new Ordinary Shares will be determined at the close of the bookbuilding process · Investors can take part through RetailBook's partner network of retail brokers, wealth managers and investment platforms (subject to such partners' participation ) · Applications for new Ordinary Shares through these partners can be made from tax efficient savings vehicles such as ISAs or SIPPs, as well as General Investment Accounts ("GIAs ") · The Retail Offer is available to both existing shareholders and new investors · There is a minimum subscription of £250 per investor in the Retail Offer · No commission will be charged by RetailBook on applications to the Retail Offer · Brokers wishing to offer their customers access to the Retail Offer and future RetailBook transactions, should contact partners@retailbook.com · UK Investors that wish to receive alerts for future RetailBook transactions should sign up here: https://www.retailbook.com/investors The Retail Offer The Retail Offer is conditional on the new Ordinary Shares to be issued pursuant to the Retail Offer and the Placing being admitted to trading on the main market for listed securities of London Stock Exchange plc ("Admission"). Admission is expected to take place at 8:00 a.m. on 2 February 2026. The Retail Offer will not be completed without the Placing also being completed. Proceeds from the Fundraise will allow Atalaya to accelerate the development of its copper growth projects in Spain in order to capitalise on strong copper market fundamentals. The Fundraise will also provide the Company with financial flexibility to optimise the ultimate funding package for Proyecto Touro all while to advance its growth pipeline in the Riotinto District in parallel. Reason for the Retail Offer The Company values its retail shareholder base and believes that it is in the best interests of shareholders as well as wider stakeholders, to provide retail and other interested investors the opportunity to participate in the Retail Offer in line with the Pre-Emption Group guidelines. The Retail Offer is open to eligible investors resident and physically located in the United Kingdom following release of this announcement. The Retail Offer is expected to close at 8 p.m. on 27 January 2026 and may close earlier at the discretion of the Company or if it is oversubscribed. Retail investors can participate through RetailBook's partner network of investment platforms, retail brokers and wealth managers, subject to such partners' participation. More information on RetailBook's partner network can be found here . Applications for new Ordinary Shares through participating partners can be made from tax efficient savings vehicles such as ISAs or SIPPs, as well as GIAs. Investors wishing to apply using their ISA, SIPP or GIA should contact their investment platform, retail broker or wealth manager for details of their terms and conditions, process and any relevant fees or charges. The new Ordinary Shares will, when issued, be credited as fully paid and will rank pari passu in all respects with existing Ordinary Shares, including the right to receive all dividends and other distributions declared, made or paid after their date of issue. Brokers wishing to offer their customers access to the Retail Offer and future RetailBook transactions, should contact partners@retailbook.com . UK Investors that wish to receive alerts for future RetailBook transactions should sign up here: https://www.retailbook.com/investors Eligibility for the Retail Offer The Retail Offer is available to new and existing shareholders of the Company. To be eligible to participate in the Retail Offer, applicants must be a customer of a participating partner. Eligible investors wishing to subscribe for new Ordinary Shares should contact their investment platform, retail broker or wealth manager to confirm if they are participating in the Retail Offer. Some partners may only accept applications from existing shareholders and/or existing customers. There is a minimum subscription of £250 per investor. The terms and conditions on which investors subscribe will be provided by the relevant financial intermediaries including relevant commission or fee charges. Note, no commission will be charged to investors by RetailBook in connection with the Retail Offer. The Company reserves the right to scale back any order under the Retail Offer at its discretion. The Company reserves the right to reject any application for subscription under the Retail Offer without giving any reason for such rejection. Investors should make their own investigations into the merits of an investment in the Company. Nothing in this announcement amounts to a recommendation to invest in the Company or amounts to investment, taxation or legal advice. It should be noted that a subscription for new Ordinary Shares and investment in the Company carries a number of risks. Investors should take independent advice from a person experienced in advising on investment in securities such as the new Ordinary Shares if they are in any doubt. An investment in the Company will place capital at risk. The value of your investment in the Company and any income from it is not guaranteed and can go down as well as rise due to stock market and currency movements. When you sell your investment, you may get back less than the amount originally invested. Neither past performance nor any forecasts should be considered a reliable indicator of future results. This announcement should be read in its entirety. In particular, the information in the "Important Notices" section of the announcement should be read and understood. Contacts: SEC Newgate UK Clotilde Gros / George Esmond / Gwen Samuel +44 20 3757 6882 Atalaya Mining Michael Rechsteiner +34 959 59 28 50 Retail Book Limited Mike Ward / James Deal capitalmarkets@retailbook.com About Atalaya Mining Copper, S.A. Atalaya is a European copper producer that owns and operates the Proyecto Riotinto complex in southwest Spain. Atalaya's shares trade on the London Stock Exchange's Main Market under the symbol "ATYM" and Atalaya is a FTSE 250 Index constituent. For further information, please visit www.atalayamining.com Important Notices The contents of this announcement, which has been prepared by and is the sole responsibility of the Company, have been approved by Retail Book Limited ("RetailBook") solely for the purposes of section 21(2)(b) of FSMA. The Retail Offer is offered in the United Kingdom under an exemption from the requirement to publish a prospectus contained in Schedule 1 of the Public Offers and Admissions to Trading Regulations 2024 (the "POATR"). As such, there is no need for publication of a prospectus pursuant to the FCA Prospectus Rules: Admission to Trading on a Regulated Market Sourcebook (the "PRM"), or for approval of the same by the FCA. The Retail Offer is not being made into any jurisdiction other than the United Kingdom. No offering document, prospectus or admission document has been or will be prepared or submitted to be approved by the FCA (or any other authority) in relation to the Retail Offer, and investors' commitments will be made solely on the basis of the information contained in this announcement and information that has been published by or on behalf of the Company prior to the date of this announcement by notification to a Regulatory Information Service in accordance with the FCA Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rules and UK MAR. This announcement is not for publication or distribution in or into the United States. This announcement is not an offer of securities for sale into the United States. The securities referred to herein have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "US Securities Act"), and may not be offered or sold in the United States, except pursuant to an applicable exemption from registration. No public offering of securities is being made in the United States. The new Ordinary Shares are being o ﬀ ered and sold outside the United States in "o ﬀ shore transactions", as deﬁned in, and in compliance with, Regulation S under the US Securities Act. In addition, the Company has not been, and will not be, registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. This announcement and the information contained herein is not for release, publication or distribution, directly or indirectly, in whole or in part, in or into Australia, Canada, New Zealand, Japan, the Republic of South Africa, any member state of the EEA or any other jurisdiction where to do so might constitute a violation of the relevant laws or regulations of such jurisdiction. This announcement does not constitute an offer to sell or issue or a solicitation of an offer to buy or subscribe for new Ordinary Shares in Australia, Canada, New Zealand, Japan, the Republic of South Africa, any member state of the EEA or any other jurisdiction in which such offer or solicitation is or may be unlawful. No public offer of the securities referred to herein is being made in any such jurisdiction. The distribution of this announcement may be restricted by law in certain jurisdictions and persons into whose possession any document or other information referred to herein comes should inform themselves about and observe any such restriction. Any failure to comply with these restrictions may constitute a violation of the securities laws of any such jurisdiction. RetailBook is a proprietary technology platform owned and operated by Retail Book Limited (registered address at 10 Queen Street Place, London EC4R 1AG). Retail Book Limited is authorised and regulated in the United Kingdom by the FCA (FRN 994238). The value of Ordinary Shares and the income from them is not guaranteed and can fall as well as rise due to stock market movements. When you sell your investment, you may get back less than you originally invested. Figures refer to past performance and past performance is not a reliable indicator of future results. Returns may increase or decrease as a result of currency fluctuations. Certain statements in this announcement are forward-looking statements which are based on the Company's expectations, intentions and projections regarding its future performance, anticipated events or trends and other matters that are not historical facts. These forward-looking statements, which may use words such as "aim", "anticipate", "believe", "intend", "estimate", "expect" and words of similar meaning, include all matters that are not historical facts. These forward-looking statements involve risks, assumptions and uncertainties that could cause the actual results of operations, financial condition, liquidity and dividend policy and the development of the industries in which the Company's businesses operate to differ materially from the impression created by the forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Given those risks and uncertainties, prospective investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements speak only as at the date of this announcement and cannot be relied upon as a guide to future performance. The Company and Retail Book expressly disclaim any obligation or undertaking to update or revise any forward-looking statements contained herein to reflect actual results or any change in the assumptions, conditions or circumstances on which any such statements are based unless required to do so by the FCA, the London Stock Exchange or applicable law. The information in this announcement is for background purposes only and does not purport to be full or complete. None of RetailBook or any of its affiliates, accepts any responsibility or liability whatsoever for, or makes any representation or warranty, express or implied, as to this announcement, including the truth, accuracy or completeness of the information in this announcement (or whether any information has been omitted from the announcement) or any other information relating to the Company or associated companies, whether written, oral or in a visual or electronic form, and howsoever transmitted or made available or for any loss howsoever arising from any use of the announcement or its contents or otherwise arising in connection therewith. RetailBook and its affiliates, accordingly disclaim all and any liability whether arising in tort, contract or otherwise which they might otherwise be found to have in respect of this announcement or its contents or otherwise arising in connection therewith. No statement in this announcement is intended to be or should be construed as being: (i) a profit forecast; (ii) investment, financial, tax, accounting or legal advice; (iii) a representation that any investment or investment strategy is suitable or appropriate to your particular circumstances; or (iv) a personal recommendation to you. No statement in this announcement should be interpreted to mean that earnings or target dividend per share of the Company for the current or future financial years would necessarily match or exceed the historical published earnings or dividends per share of the Company. Neither the content of the Company's website (or any other website) nor the content of any website accessible from hyperlinks on the Company's website (or any other website) is incorporated into or forms part of this announcement. The new Ordinary Shares to be issued or sold pursuant to the Retail Offer will not be admitted to trading on any stock exchange other than the London Stock Exchange. No other documents or materials are incorporated into, or form part of this financial promotion and RetailBook has not carried out any verification or due diligence in respect of any such other documents. END This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Atalaya Mining (ATYM) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 2 hours ago CloudCoco Group 2 hours ago Petrotal Corporation NPV (DI) 2 hours ago Integrated Diagnostics Holdings 3 hours ago Inchcape 3 hours ago PZ Cussons All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and