BETA Close X Urion Investments Holdings Limited has notified Atalaya Mining Copper, S.A. of a major holding change, reporting a disposal of its full interest in the company. As of August 12, 2026, the resulting situation shows Urion Investments Holdings Limited and associated entities hold 0.00% of voting rights, a decrease from their previous notification of 10.94%. This notification was made on August 14, 2026, and completed in London on August 14, 2026. Disclaimer* Atalaya Mining Copper, S.A. 17 August 2026 TR-1: S tandard form for notification of major holdings NOTIFICATION OF MAJOR HOLDINGS (to be sent to the relevant issuer and to the FCA in Microsoft Word format if possible) 1a. Identity of the issuer or the underlying issuer of existing shares to which voting rights are attached: Atalaya Mining Copper, S.A. 1b. Please indicate if the issuer is a non-UK issuer (please mark with an "X" if appropriate) Non-UK issuer X 2. Reason for the notification (please mark the appropriate box or boxes with an "X") An acquisition or disposal of voting rights X An acquisition or disposal of financial instruments An event changing the breakdown of voting rights Other (please specify): 3. Details of person subject to the notification obligation Name Urion Investments Holdings Limited City and country of registered office (if applicable) Marsa, Malta Name Trafigura Holdings Limited City and country of registered office (if applicable) Marsa, Malta Name Trafigura Holdings Sàrl City and country of registered office (if applicable) Geneva, Switzerland Name Cortes Holding S.àr.l. City and country of registered office (if applicable) Luxembourg, Luxembourg Name Cortes Investments S.àr.l. City and country of registered office (if applicable) Luxembourg, Luxembourg Name Trafigura Holdings Pte. Ltd City and country of registered office (if applicable) Singapore, Singapore Name Trafigura Group Pte. Ltd. City and country of registered office (if applicable) Singapore, Singapore Name Trafigura Beheer B.V. City and country of registered office (if applicable) Schiphol, Netherlands Name Trafigura Control Holdings Pte. Ltd. City and country of registered office (if applicable) Singapore, Singapore Name Farringford Foundation City and country of registered office (if applicable) Panama, Republic of Panama 4. Full name of shareholder(s) (if different from 3.) Name Urion Investments Holdings Limited City and country of registered office (if applicable) Marsa, Malta 5. Date on which the threshold was crossed or reached i : 12 August 2026 6. Date on which issuer notified (DD/MM/YYYY): 14 August 2026 7. Total positions of person(s) subject to the notification obligation % of voting rights attached to shares (total of 8. A) % of voting rights through financial instruments (total of 8.B 1 + 8.B 2) Total of both in % (8.A + 8.B) Total number of voting rights held in issuer (8.A + 8.B) vii Resulting situation on the date on which threshold was crossed or reached 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00 Position of previous notification (if applicable) 10.94 0.00 10.94 8. Notified details of the resulting situation on the date on which the threshold was crossed or reached A: Voting rights attached to shares Class/type of shares ISIN code (if possible) Number of voting rights % of voting rights Direct (DTR5.1) Indirect (DTR5.2.1) Direct (DTR5.1) Indirect (DTR5.2.1) CY0106002112 0 0.00 SUBTOTAL 8. A 0 0.00% B 1: Financial Instruments according to DTR5.3.1R (1) (a) Type of financial instrument Expiration date Exercise/ Conversion Period Number of voting rights that may be acquired if the instrument is exercised/converted. % of voting rights SUBTOTAL 8. B 1 B 2: Financial Instruments with similar economic effect according to DTR5.3.1R (1) (b) Type of financial instrument Expiration date Exercise/ Conversion Period Physical or cash Settlement Number of voting rights % of voting rights SUBTOTAL 8.B.2 9. Information in relation to the person subject to the notification obligation (please mark the applicable box with an "X") Person subject to the notification obligation is not controlled by any natural person or legal entity and does not control any other undertaking(s) holding directly or indirectly an interest in the (underlying) issuer Full chain of controlled undertakings through which the voting rights and/or the financial instruments are effectively held starting with the ultimate controlling natural person or legal entity (please add additional rows as necessary) Name xv % of voting rights if it equals or is higher than the notifiable threshold % of voting rights through financial instruments if it equals or is higher than the notifiable threshold Total of both if it equals or is higher than the notifiable threshold Farringford Foundation 0.00 0.00% Trafigura Control Holdings Pte. Ltd. 0.00 0.00% Trafigura Beheer B.V. 0.00 0.00% Trafigura Group Pte. Ltd. 0.00 0.00% Trafigura Holdings Pte. Ltd. 0.00 0.00% Cortes Investments S.àr.l. 0.00 0.00% Cortes Holding S.àr.l 0.00 0.00% Trafigura Holding S.àr.l 0.00 0.00% Trafigura Holdings Limited 0.00 0.00% Urion Holdings (Malta) Limited 0.00 0.00% 10. In case of proxy voting, please identify: Name of the proxy holder The number and % of voting rights held The date until which the voting rights will be held 11. Additional information Urion Investments Holdings Limited is making this notification on behalf of Trafigura Holdings Limited, Trafigura Holding Sàrl, Cortes Holding S.àr.l., Cortes Investments S.àr.l., Trafigura Holdings Pte. Ltd., Trafigura Group Pte. Ltd, Trafigura Beheer B.V., Trafigura Control Holdings Pte. Ltd and the Farringford Foundation. This notification relates to the sale by Urion Investments Holdings Limited of its full interest in Atalaya Min- ing Copper S.A.. Place of completion London, United Kingdom Date of completion 14 August 2026 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Atalaya Mining (ATYM) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 2 hours ago CloudCoco Group 2 hours ago Petrotal Corporation NPV (DI) 2 hours ago Integrated Diagnostics Holdings 3 hours ago Inchcape 3 hours ago PZ Cussons All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and