BETA Close X The London & Amsterdam Trust Company Limited, acting as Trustee for trusts settled by named individuals, has acquired a significant stake in Atalaya Mining Copper, S.A., now holding 3.2001% of the voting rights, equating to 4,920,396 shares. This acquisition crossed the notification threshold on March 19, 2026, and was subsequently notified to the issuer on March 20, 2026. The trust is not controlled by any single entity and does not control other undertakings holding interests in the issuer. Disclaimer* Atalaya Mining Copper, S.A. 16 April 2026 TR-1: Standard form for notification of major holdings 1. Issuer Details ISIN CY0106002112 Issuer Name Atalaya Mining Copper, S.A. UK or Non-UK Issuer Non-UK 2. Reason for Notification An acquisition or disposal of voting rights 3. Details of person subject to the notification obligation Name The London & Amsterdam Trust Company Limited City of registered office (if applicable) Camana Bay Country of registered office (if applicable) Cayman Islands 4. Details of the shareholder Name City of registered office Country of registered office Rovida Worldwide Investments Limited Camana Bay Cayman Islands RAM Holdings Limited Camana Bay Cayman Islands RR Investment Company Ltd Camana Bay Cayman Islands Rovida Holdings Limited Camana Bay Cayman Islands 5. Date on which the threshold was crossed or reached 19-Mar-2026 6. Date on which Issuer notified 20-Mar-2026 7. Total positions of person(s) subject to the notification obligation % of voting rights attached to shares (total of 8.A) % of voting rights through financial instruments (total of 8.B 1 + 8.B 2) Total of both in % (8.A + 8.B) Total number of voting rights held in issuer Resulting situation on the date on which threshold was crossed or reached 3.200100 0.000000 3.200100 4920396 Position of previous notification (if applicable) 8. Notified details of the resulting situation on the date on which the threshold was crossed or reached 8A. Voting rights attached to shares Class/Type of shares ISIN code(if possible) Number of direct voting rights (DTR5.1) Number of indirect voting rights (DTR5.2.1) % of direct voting rights (DTR5.1) % of indirect voting rights (DTR5.2.1) CY0106002112 4920396 0 3.200100 0.000000 Sub Total 8.A 4920396 3.200100% 8B1. Financial Instruments according to (DTR5.3.1R.(1) (a)) Type of financial instrument Expiration date Exercise/conversion period Number of voting rights that may be acquired if the instrument is exercised/converted % of voting rights Sub Total 8.B1 8B2. Financial Instruments with similar economic effect according to (DTR5.3.1R.(1) (b)) Type of financial instrument Expiration date Exercise/conversion period Physical or cash settlement Number of voting rights % of voting rights Sub Total 8.B2 9. Information in relation to the person subject to the notification obligation 1. Person subject to the notification obligation is not controlled by any natural person or legal entity and does not control any other undertaking(s) holding directly or indirectly an interest in the (underlying) issuer. Ultimate controlling person Name of controlled undertaking % of voting rights if it equals or is higher than the notifiable threshold % of voting rights through financial instruments if it equals or is higher than the notifiable threshold Total of both if it equals or is higher than the notifiable threshold 10. In case of proxy voting Name of the proxy holder The number and % of voting rights held The date until which the voting rights will be held 11. Additional Information The London & Amsterdam Trust Company Limited serves as Trustee to the Trusts settled by the named individuals and to which the same individuals are named beneficiaries. 12. Date of Completion 20-Mar-2026 13. Place Of Completion Grand Cayman, Cayman Islands This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Atalaya Mining (ATYM) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 2 hours ago CloudCoco Group 2 hours ago Petrotal Corporation NPV (DI) 2 hours ago Integrated Diagnostics Holdings 3 hours ago Inchcape 3 hours ago PZ Cussons All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and