2025 Final Dividend Timetable Atalaya Mining Copper, S.A. 25 June 2026 25 June 2026 Atalaya Mining Copper, S.A. ("Atalaya" or "the Company") 2025 Final Dividend Timetable Atalaya Mining (LSE: ATYM) is pleased to announce the timetable for the payment of its 2025 final dividend, which was approved at its Annual General Meeting ("AGM") held today. On 19 March 2026, the Company announced that its Board of Directors was proposing a final dividend for FY2025 of €0.065 per share. The aforementioned amount is gross, and withholdings required by applicable legislation will be deducted prior to payment. The currency of payment of the final dividend will be Euros. 2025 Final Dividend Timetable Ex-dividend date 2 July 2026 Record date 3 July 2026 Payment date 22 July 2026 Contacts: SEC Newgate UK Elisabeth Cowell / George Esmond / Gwen Samuel +44 20 3757 6882 Atalaya Mining Michael Rechsteiner +34 959 59 28 50 About Atalaya Mining Copper, S.A. Atalaya is a European copper producer that owns and operates the Proyecto Riotinto complex in southwest Spain. Atalaya's shares trade on the London Stock Exchange's Main Market under the symbol "ATYM" and Atalaya is a FTSE 250 Index constituent. Atalaya's operations include the Cerro Colorado open pit mine and a modern 15 Mtpa processing plant, which has the potential to become a central processing hub for ore sourced from its wholly-owned regional projects around Riotinto , such as Proyecto Masa Valverde and Proyecto Riotinto East. In addition, Atalaya has a phased earn-in agreement for up to 80% ownership of Cobre San Rafael S.L. , which fully owns Proyecto Touro , a brownfield copper project in the northwest of Spain, as well as a 99.9% interest in Proyecto Ossa Morena. For further information, please visit www.atalayamining.com This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Atalaya Mining (ATYM) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 2 hours ago CloudCoco Group 2 hours ago Petrotal Corporation NPV (DI) 2 hours ago Integrated Diagnostics Holdings 3 hours ago Inchcape 3 hours ago PZ Cussons All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and