Director/PDMR Shareholding Atalaya Mining Copper, S.A. 10 July 2025 10 July 2025 Atalaya Mining Copper, S.A. ("Atalaya" or "the Company") Director/PDMR Shareholding Atalaya Mining Copper, S.A. (LSE: ATYM) announces that it has granted market value share options (" Options ") over the ordinary shares of €0.09 each in the capital of the Company (" Shares ") pursuant to The Atalaya Mining Long-Term Incentive Plan 2020, as set out in the table below: Name Role Total № of Shares subject the Options Alberto Lavandeira Chief Executive Officer (Director) 800,000 César S á nchez Chief Financial Officer (PDMR) 400,000 Enrique Delgado General Manager Riotinto (PDMR) 400,000 The exercise price of the Options is 460.35 pence per ordinary share, being the average of the mid-market closing price on the five dealing days before the grant date. The Shares under Option are due to vest in three tranches, with 1/6 th vesting on grant, 1/3 rd on the first anniversary of grant and the remaining 50% on the second anniversary of grant. Vesting of each tranche of the Options is also subject to assessment by the Remuneration Committee of an underpin condition, as summarised in the Directors' Remuneration Report on page 100 of the Company's 2024 Annual Report and Financial Statements. The Options will normally expire on 9 July 2030, five years from the date of grant. Further details are set out in the notification in the appendix, made in accordance with the requirements of the EU Market Abuse Regulation (EU) № 596/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018. Contacts: SEC Newgate UK Elisabeth Cowell / Tom Carnegie / Gwen Samuel +44 20 3757 6882 Atalaya Mining Michael Rechsteiner +34 959 59 28 50 About Atalaya Mining Copper, S.A. Atalaya is a European copper producer that owns and operates the Proyecto Riotinto complex in southwest Spain. Atalaya's shares trade on the London Stock Exchange's Main Market under the symbol "ATYM" and Atalaya is a FTSE 250 Index constituent. Atalaya's operations include the Cerro Colorado open pit mine and a modern 15 Mtpa processing plant, which has the potential to become a central processing hub for ore sourced from its wholly-owned regional projects around Riotinto , such as Proyecto Masa Valverde and Proyecto Riotinto East. In addition, Atalaya has a phased earn-in agreement for up to 80% ownership of Cobre San Rafael S.L. , which fully owns Proyecto Touro , a brownfield copper project in the northwest of Spain, as well as a 99.9% interest in Proyecto Ossa Morena. For further information, please visit www.atalayamining.com . Appendix Notification and public disclosure of transactions of persons discharging managerial responsibilities and persons closely associated with them: 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities/person closely associated a) Name Alberto Lavandeira 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/status Chief Executive Officer b) Initial notification/Amendment Initial notification 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name Atalaya Mining Copper, S.A. b) LEI 549300QNQPXVRXGXOX56 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Identification code Options over Ordinary Shares of €0.09 each nominal value (derivative instrument) CY0106002112 b) Nature of the transaction Grant of market value share options pursuant to The Atalaya Mining Long-Term Incentive Plan 2020 with an exercise price of 460.35 pence per share c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volumes(s) Nil consideration at grant 800,000 d) Aggregated information N/A - single transaction e) Date of the transaction 09/07/2025 f) Place of the transaction Outside of a trading venue 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities/person closely associated a) Name César Sánchez 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/status PDMR b) Initial notification/Amendment Initial notification 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name Atalaya Mining Copper, S.A. b) LEI 549300QNQPXVRXGXOX56 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Identification code Options over Ordinary Shares of €0.09 each nominal value (derivative instrument) CY0106002112 b) Nature of the transaction Grant of market value share options pursuant to The Atalaya Mining Long-Term Incentive Plan 2020 with an exercise price of 460.35 pence per share c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volumes(s) Nil consideration at grant 400,000 d) Aggregated information N/A - single transaction e) Date of the transaction 09/07/2025 f) Place of the transaction Outside of a trading venue 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities/person closely associated a) Name Enrique Delgado 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/status PDMR b) Initial notification/Amendment Initial notification 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name Atalaya Mining Copper, S.A. b) LEI 549300QNQPXVRXGXOX56 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Identification code Options over Ordinary Shares of €0.09 each nominal value (derivative instrument) CY0106002112 b) Nature of the transaction Grant of market value share options pursuant to The Atalaya Mining Long-Term Incentive Plan 2020 with an exercise price of 460.35 pence per share c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volumes(s) Nil consideration at grant 400,000 d) Aggregated information N/A - single transaction e) Date of the transaction 09/07/2025 f) Place of the transaction Outside of a trading venue This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Atalaya Mining (ATYM) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 2 hours ago CloudCoco Group 2 hours ago Petrotal Corporation NPV (DI) 2 hours ago Integrated Diagnostics Holdings 3 hours ago Inchcape 3 hours ago PZ Cussons All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and