BETA Close X Atalaya Mining Copper, S.A. has announced its 2026 Annual General Shareholders' Meeting will be held on June 25, 2026, at Hamilton House, London, with a second call expected. Shareholders registered by June 19, 2026, are eligible to attend and vote by proxy, as online participation will not allow for voting. The company will also provide a corporate update presentation following the formal business, with opportunities for shareholders to submit questions. The 2025 Annual Report and Sustainability Report are available on the company's website. Disclaimer* Atalaya Mining Copper, S.A. 21 May 2026 21 May 2026 Atalaya Mining Copper, S.A. ("Atalaya" or "the Company") Notice of Annual General Meeting Atalaya Mining (LSE: ATYM) announces that it will host its 2026 Annual General Shareholders' Meeting ("AGM") at Hamilton House, 1 Temple Avenue, London EC4Y 0HA, United Kingdom on Thursday, 25 June 2026 at 11:00 BST (12 noon CEST) on second call. In accordance with Spanish law the AGM is also convened on first call * on Wednesday, 24 June 2026 at the same time and in the same place, although it is expected that the AGM will be held on the second call (Thursday, 25 June 2026). The AGM call notice and the proposed resolutions together with the 2025 Annual Report, the 2025 Sustainability Report and other relevant documents are available on the Company's website at https://atalayamining.com/investors/shareholder-meeting-information/ Shareholders on the register on 19 June 2026 are eligible to attend the meeting and vote at the AGM and should refer to the voting instructions set out in the Notice of AGM. AGM Webcast Details To ensure that shareholders can follow the proceedings of the AGM without attending in person, the Company will provide access online through the Investor Meet Company platform. However, shareholders should note that online participation will not constitute attendance at the AGM and that they therefore cannot vote online. Shareholders are therefore urged to submit their votes via proxy as early as possible. Shareholders who wish to follow the proceedings of the AGM should register by visiting the following link: https://www.investormeetcompany.com/companies/atalaya-mining-copper-sa Immediately following the formal business of the AGM, the Company will give a corporate update presentation, which will be made available on the Company's website at www.atalayamining.com and shareholders will have the opportunity to ask questions. Questions can be submitted pre-event via the Investor Meet Company dashboard up until 09:00 BST (10:00 CEST) the day before the meeting or at any time during the AGM. Contacts: SEC Newgate UK Elisabeth Cowell / George Esmond / Gwen Samuel +44 20 3757 6882 Atalaya Mining Michael Rechsteiner +34 959 59 28 50 About Atalaya Mining Copper, S.A. Atalaya is a European copper producer that owns and operates the Proyecto Riotinto complex in southwest Spain. Atalaya's shares trade on the London Stock Exchange's Main Market under the symbol "ATYM" and Atalaya is a FTSE 250 Index constituent. Atalaya's operations include the Cerro Colorado open pit mine and a modern 15 Mtpa processing plant, which has the potential to become a central processing hub for ore sourced from its wholly owned regional projects around Riotinto , such as Proyecto Masa Valverde and Proyecto Riotinto East. In addition, Atalaya has a phased earn-in agreement for up to 80% ownership of Cobre San Rafael S.L. , which fully owns the Proyecto Touro brownfield copper project in the northwest of Spain, as well as a 99.9% interest in Proyecto Ossa Morena . For further information, please visit www.atalayamining.com . Note * For a general meeting to be validly constituted for the purposes of passing a special resolution, shareholders together holding at least 50% of all the shares in the capital of the Company which carry voting rights (the "Voting Share Capital") must be present in person or by proxy. If this quorum is met, an absolute majority of the votes cast must be in favour for the amendment to be approved. If this quorum is not met, a further general meeting may be called. That further meeting will be validly constituted if it is attended by shareholders in person or by proxy representing at least 25% of the Voting Share Capital. In that event, the special resolution will require at least two-thirds of the votes cast to be in favour (where between 25% and 50% of the Voting Share Capital is represented); or an absolute majority of the votes cast to be in favour (where more than 50% of the Voting Share Capital is represented). To avoid shareholders having to travel twice, and in line with common practice among many Spanish listed companies, the AGM has been convened on both first and second call, with the expectation that it will take place on second call (25 June 2026). This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Atalaya Mining (ATYM) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 2 hours ago CloudCoco Group 2 hours ago Petrotal Corporation NPV (DI) 2 hours ago Integrated Diagnostics Holdings 3 hours ago Inchcape 3 hours ago PZ Cussons All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and