BETA Close X Atalaya Mining Copper, S.A. has acquired 4,500,000 shares in Lara Exploration Ltd. for C$13.5 million, representing approximately 7.3% of Lara's issued shares. This investment is for the purpose of acquiring shares in Lara Exploration Ltd., which owns the Planalto copper-gold project in Brazil, a project that has an independent Preliminary Economic Assessment outlining an 18-year mine life with estimated production of 560 kilotonnes of copper and 111 kilounces of gold. Lara intends to use the proceeds from this and other financings to advance the Planalto project and for general corporate purposes. Disclaimer* Atalaya Mining Copper, S.A. 02 April 2026 2 April 2026 Atalaya Mining Copper, S.A. ("Atalaya" or the "Company") Investment in Lara Exploration Ltd. Atalaya Mining (LSE: ATYM) is pleased to announce it has acquired 4,500,000 shares of Lara Exploration Ltd. ("Lara") for C$13.5 million (the "Subscription"). Lara is listed on the TSX Venture Exchange (TSX-V: LRA) and owns a 100% interest in the Planalto copper-gold project located in the Carajás Mineral Province of northern Brazil. In October 2025, Lara published the results of an independent Preliminary Economic Assessment ("PEA") for Planalto that contemplated a conventional open pit mine, flotation processing plant with capacity of 8 Mtpa and estimated production of 560 kt copper and 111 koz gold over a life of mine of 18 years. The Subscription shares were acquired via private placement at a price of C$3.00 per share and represent approximately 7.3% of Lara's issued and outstanding shares following completion of the brokered and non-brokered private placements as announced by Lara on 1 April 2026. Lara intends to use the proceeds of the financings to advance Planalto and for general corporate and working capital purposes. Atalaya is acquiring the Subscription shares for investment purposes. Contacts: SEC Newgate UK Clotilde Gros / George Esmond / Gwen Samuel +44 20 3757 6882 Atalaya Mining Michael Rechsteiner +34 959 59 28 50 About Atalaya Mining Copper, S.A. Atalaya is a European copper producer that owns and operates the Proyecto Riotinto complex in southwest Spain. Atalaya's shares trade on the London Stock Exchange's Main Market under the symbol "ATYM" and Atalaya is a FTSE 250 Index constituent. Atalaya's operations include the Cerro Colorado open pit mine and a modern 15 Mtpa processing plant, which has the potential to become a central processing hub for ore sourced from its wholly owned regional projects around Riotinto, such as Proyecto Masa Valverde and Proyecto Riotinto East. In addition, Atalaya has a phased earn-in agreement for up to 80% ownership of Cobre San Rafael S.L., which fully owns the Proyecto Touro brownfield copper project in the northwest of Spain, as well as a 99.9% interest in Proyecto Ossa Morena. For further information, please visit www.atalayamining.com This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Atalaya Mining (ATYM) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 2 hours ago CloudCoco Group 2 hours ago Petrotal Corporation NPV (DI) 2 hours ago Integrated Diagnostics Holdings 3 hours ago Inchcape 3 hours ago PZ Cussons All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and