BETA Close X Atalaya Mining Copper, S.A. announced that its unaudited second quarter and first half 2026 financial results will be released on Tuesday, 11 August 2026. The company will host a webcast for analysts and investors on the same day at 9:00 BST, followed by a presentation via the Investor Meet Company platform at 11:00 BST, open to all shareholders. Disclaimer* Atalaya Mining Copper, S.A. 28 July 2026 28 July 2026 Atalaya Mining Copper, S.A. ("Atalaya" or the "Company") Notice of Q2 and H1 2026 Financial Results Atalaya Mining (LSE: ATYM) will release its unaudited second quarter and first half financial results for the period ended 30 June 2026 ("Q2 2026" and "H1 2026" respectively) together with its unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements on Tuesday, 11 August 2026. Analyst and Investor Presentation Alberto Lavandeira (CEO) and César Sánchez (CFO) will host a webcast for analysts and investors on Tuesday, 11 August 2026 at 9:00 BST. To access the SparkLive webcast, please register in advance via: Atalaya Mining Q2 and H1 2026 Financial Results | SparkLive | LSEG Participants not yet registered with SparkLive will need to create an account. Investor Meet Company Presentation In addition, the Company will provide a live presentation relating to the Q2 and H1 2026 Financial Results via the Investor Meet Company platform on Tuesday, 11 August 2026 at 11:00 BST. The presentation is open to all existing and potential shareholders. Questions can be submitted pre-event via the Investor Meet Company dashboard up until 09:00 BST the day before the meeting or at any time during the live presentation. Investors can sign up to Investor Meet Company for free and click "Add to Meet" Atalaya via: https://www.investormeetcompany.com/atalaya-mining-copper-sa/register-investor Contacts: SEC Newgate UK Elisabeth Cowell / George Esmond / Gwen Samuel +44 20 3757 6882 Atalaya Mining Michael Rechsteiner +34 959 59 28 50 About Atalaya Mining Copper, S.A. Atalaya is a European copper producer that owns and operates the Proyecto Riotinto complex in southwest Spain. Atalaya's shares trade on the London Stock Exchange's Main Market under the symbol "ATYM" and Atalaya is a FTSE 250 Index constituent. Atalaya's operations include the Cerro Colorado open pit mine and a modern 15 Mtpa processing plant, which has the potential to become a central processing hub for ore sourced from its wholly owned regional projects around Riotinto, such as Proyecto Masa Valverde and Proyecto Riotinto East. In addition, Atalaya has a phased earn-in agreement for up to 80% ownership of Cobre San Rafael S.L., which fully owns the Proyecto Touro brownfield copper project in the northwest of Spain, as well as a 99.9% interest in Proyecto Ossa Morena. For further information, please visit www.atalayamining.com This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Atalaya Mining (ATYM) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 2 hours ago CloudCoco Group 2 hours ago Petrotal Corporation NPV (DI) 2 hours ago Integrated Diagnostics Holdings 3 hours ago Inchcape 3 hours ago PZ Cussons All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and