BETA Close X Fairfax Financial Holdings Limited affiliates plan to sell up to 8,211,795 ordinary shares in Atalaya Mining Copper, S.A. through an accelerated bookbuild secondary placing to institutional investors. These shares represent the Sellers' entire holding, which is approximately 5.8% of Atalaya's existing issued share capital. The final price of the shares will be determined by Canaccord Genuity Limited and the Sellers at the close of the bookbuild process. The placing is not being underwritten. Disclaimer* Canaccord Genuity Limited 09 September 2025 NOT FOR RELEASE, PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION, DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, IN WHOLE OR IN PART, INTO OR IN THE UNITED STATES, AUSTRALIA, CANADA, SOUTH AFRICA OR JAPAN OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTION IN WHICH OFFERS OR SALES WOULD BE PROHIBITED BY APPLICABLE LAW. THIS ANNOUNCEMENT DOES NOT CONSTITUTE OR FORM AN OFFER TO SELL OR A SOLICITATION TO BUY OR OTHERWISE ACQUIRE SECURITIES IN ANY JURISDICTION, INCLUDING THE UNITED STATES, AUSTRALIA, CANADA, SOUTH AFRICA OR JAPAN. NEITHER THIS ANNOUNCEMENT NOR ANYTHING CONTAINED HEREIN SHALL FORM THE BASIS OF, OR BE RELIED UPON IN CONNECTION WITH, ANY OFFER OR COMMITMENT WHATSOEVER IN ANY JURISDICTION. PLEASE SEE THE IMPORTANT NOTICE AT THE END OF THIS ANNOUNCEMENT. THIS ANNOUNCEMENT CONTAINS INSIDE INFORMATION. 9 September 2025 Proposed placing of up to 8,211,795 ordinary shares in Atalaya Mining Copper, S.A. Certain affiliates of Fairfax Financial Holdings Limited (the " Sellers ") have indicated their intention to sell up to 8,211,795 ordinary shares in aggregate (the " Placing Shares ") in Atalaya Mining Copper, S.A. (" Atalaya ") to institutional investors (the " Placing "). The Placing Shares represent the entire holding of the Sellers in Atalaya and represent approximately 5.8% per cent. of Atalaya's existing issued share capital. The Placing will be conducted by means of an accelerated bookbuild secondary placing to institutional investors which will begin with immediate effect. The final price at which the Placing Shares are to be sold will be agreed by Canaccord Genuity Limited (" Canaccord Genuity ") and the Sellers at the close of the bookbuild process. The results of the Placing will be announced as soon as practicable thereafter. The timing of the closing of the bookbuild will be at the absolute discretion of Canaccord Genuity. The Placing is not being underwritten. Canaccord Genuity is acting as sole bookrunner in relation to the Placing. This announcement contains inside information as defined in Article 7 of the Market Abuse Regulation No. 596/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law pursuant to the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018, as amended (" MAR "). Upon the publication of this announcement, this inside information is now considered to be in the public domain. Enquiries: Canaccord Genuity Limited James Asensio Sam Lucas George Grainger Darren Furby +44 (0) 207 523 8000 IMPORTANT NOTICE The publication or distribution or release of this announcement and the Placing of the Placing Shares as set out in this announcement in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. This announcement is for information purposes only and shall not constitute or form part of an offer to buy, sell, issue, acquire or subscribe for, or the solicitation of an offer to buy, sell, issue, acquire or subscribe for, any securities, nor shall there be any sale of securities in any jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful. No action has been taken that would permit an offering of such shares or possession or distribution of this announcement or any other offering or publicity material relating to such shares in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. Persons into whose possession this announcement comes are required to inform themselves about, and to observe, such restrictions. Any failure to comply with these restrictions may constitute a violation of the securities laws of such jurisdictions. Members of the general public are not eligible to take part in the Placing. This announcement and any offer of securities to which it relates are only addressed to and directed at (1) in the United Kingdom and in any member state of the European Economic Area, persons who are qualified investors in such member state within the meaning of the Prospectus Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2017/1129) (the "Prospectus Regulation") or in the United Kingdom within the meaning of the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("Qualified Investors"); and (2) in the United Kingdom, Qualified Investors who (a) have professional experience in matters relating to investments who fall within article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Market Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (as amended) (the "Order") or (b) fall within article 49(2)(a) to (d) of the Order or (c) are persons to whom an offer of the Placing Shares may otherwise lawfully be made ("relevant persons"). The information regarding the Placing set out in this announcement must not be acted on or relied on by persons in the European Economic Area who are not Qualified Investors or by persons in the United Kingdom who are not relevant persons. Any investment or investment activity to which this announcement relates is available in the European Economic Area only to Qualified Investors and in the United Kingdom only to relevant persons and will be engaged in only with such persons. In particular, this announcement does not constitute or form part of any offer to buy, sell, issue, acquire or subscribe for, or the solicitation of an offer to buy, sell, issue, acquire, or subscribe for, any securities in any jurisdiction into which such offer or solicitation would be unlawful. The Placing Shares have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"), and may not be offered, sold or transferred, directly or indirectly, within the United States, except pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act and the securities laws of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States. No offer and sale of Placing Shares is or will be made in Canada, except to persons who are: (a) an "accredited investor" within the meaning of Section 1.1 of National Instrument 45-106 - Prospectus Exemptions ("NI 45-106") of the Canadian Securities Administrators or subsection 73.3(1) of the Securities Act (Ontario) (the "OSA"), as applicable, and is either purchasing the Placing Shares as principal for its own account, or is deemed to be purchasing the Placing Shares as principal for its own account in accordance with applicable Canadian securities laws, for investment only and not with a view to resale or redistribution; (b) such person was not created or used solely to purchase or hold the Placing Shares as an accredited investor under NI 45-106; (c) a "permitted client" within the meaning of National Instrument 31-103 - Registration Requirements, Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant Obligations ("NI 31-103") of the Canadian Securities Administrators; and (d) entitled under applicable Canadian securities laws to purchase the Placing Shares without the benefit of a prospectus under such securities laws. This announcement is only directed at persons in Australia, who it is lawful to offer the Placing Shares without disclosure under Chapter 6D of the Australian Corporations Act (including those who are "sophisticated investors" as set out in section 708(8) of the Australian Corporations Act or who are "professional investors" as set out in section 708(11) of the Australian Corporations Act), and where such action complies with all applicable laws, regulations and directives and does not require any document to be lodged with the Australian Securities and Investments Commission. The offer and sale of securities referred to herein has not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or under the applicable securities laws of Australia, Canada, Japan or South Africa. Subject to certain exceptions, the Placing Shares referred to herein may not be offered or sold in Australia, Japan or South Africa or to, or for the account or benefit of, any national, resident or citizen of Australia, Japan or South Africa. No public offering of the securities referred to herein is being made in the United Kingdom, the United States, Australia, Canada, Japan, South Africa or any other jurisdiction. No prospectus or offering document has been or will be prepared in connection with the Placing. The publicly available information of Atalaya is not the responsibility of, and has not been independently verified by, the Sellers, Canaccord Genuity, or any of their respective affiliates (as such term is defined under Rule 501(b) of Regulation D of the Securities Act) (each, an "Affiliate"). The information contained in this announcement is for background purposes only and does not purport to be full or complete. In connection with the Placing, Canaccord Genuity or any of its Affiliates may take up a portion of the Placing Shares as a principal position and in that capacity may retain, purchase, sell, offer to sell for its own account such Placing Shares and other securities of Atalaya or related investments in connection with the Placing or otherwise. Accordingly, references to the shares being issued, offered, subscribed, acquired, placed or otherwise dealt in should be read as including any issue or offer to, or subscription, acquisition, placing or dealing by, Canaccord Genuity and any of its Affiliates acting as investor for its own account. Canaccord Genuity does not intend to disclose the extent of any such investment or transactions otherwise than in accordance with any legal or regulatory obligations to do so. Canaccord Genuity is acting for the Sellers in connection with the Placing and no-one else and they will not be responsible to anyone other than the Sellers for providing advice in relation to the Placing or any other matter referred to in this announcement. No representation or warranty, express or implied, is or will be made as to, or in relation to, and no responsibility or liability is or will be accepted by Canaccord Genuity or by any of its Affiliates or agents as to, or in relation to, the accuracy or completeness of this announcement or any other written or oral information made available to or publicly available to any interested party or its advisers, and any liability therefore is expressly disclaimed. This announcement does not purport to identify or suggest the risks (direct or indirect) which may be associated with an investment in Atalaya's securities. The price of shares and the income from them may go down as well as up and investors may not get back the full amount invested on disposal of the shares. Acquiring Placing Shares to which this announcement relates may expose an investor to a significant risk of losing all of the amount invested. Past performance is no guide to future performance and persons needing advice should consult an independent financial advisor. This announcement does not represent the announcement of a definitive agreement to proceed with the Placing and, accordingly, there can be no certainty that the Placing will proceed. The Sellers reserve the right not to proceed with the Placing or to vary the terms of the Placing in any way. In addition, it is noted that the Placing is conditional upon the Block Trade Agreement becoming unconditional and not having been terminated in accordance with its terms. By participating in the Placing, each placee agrees with Canaccord Genuity that the exercise by Canaccord Genuity of any right of termination or other discretion under the Block Trade Agreement shall be within the absolute discretion of Canaccord Genuity and that Canaccord Genuity need not make any reference to the placees in this regard and that, to the fullest extent permitted by law, Canaccord Genuity and its Affiliates shall not have any liability whatsoever to placees in connection with any such exercise or failure to so exercise. Information to Distributors Solely for the purposes of the product governance requirements of Chapter 3 of the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK Product Governance Requirements"), and disclaiming all and any liability, whether arising in tort, contract or otherwise, which any "manufacturer" (for the purposes of the UK Product Governance Requirements) may otherwise have with respect thereto, the Placing Shares have been subject to a product approval process, which has determined that the ordinary shares in Atalaya (the "Ordinary Shares") are: (i) compatible with an end target market of retail investors and investors who meet the criteria of professional clients and eligible counterparties, each as defined in paragraph 3 of the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook; and (ii) eligible for distribution through all permitted distribution channels (the "UK Target Market Assessment"). Solely for the purposes of the product governance requirements contained within: (a) EU Directive 2014/65/EU on markets in financial instruments, as amended ("MiFID II"); (b) Articles 9 and 10 of Commission Delegated Directive (EU) 2017/593 supplementing MiFID II; and (c) local implementing measures (together, the "MiFID II Product Governance Requirements"), and disclaiming all and any liability, whether arising in tort, contract or otherwise, which any "manufacturer" (for the purposes of the MiFID II Product Governance Requirements) may otherwise have with respect thereto, the Placing Shares have been subject to a product approval process, which has determined that the Ordinary Shares are: (i) compatible with an end target market of retail investors and investors who meet the criteria of professional clients and eligible counterparties, each as defined in MiFID II; and (ii) eligible for distribution through all distribution channels as are permitted by MiFID II (the "EU Target Market Assessment"). Notwithstanding the UK Target Market Assessment and the EU Target Market Assessment (together, the "Target Market Assessments"), Distributors should note that: the price of Ordinary Shares may decline and investors could lose all or part of their investment; the Ordinary Shares offer no guaranteed income and no capital protection; and an investment in the Ordinary Shares is compatible only with investors who do not need a guaranteed income or capital protection, who (either alone or in conjunction with an appropriate financial or other adviser) are capable of evaluating the merits and risks of such an investment and who have sufficient resources to be able to bear any losses that may result therefrom. The Target Market Assessments are without prejudice to the requirements of any contractual, legal or regulatory selling restrictions in relation to the Placing. Furthermore, it is noted that, notwithstanding the Target Market Assessments, Canaccord Genuity will only procure investors who meet the criteria of professional clients and eligible counterparties. For the avoidance of doubt, the Target Market Assessments do not constitute: (a) an assessment of suitability or appropriateness for the purposes of Chapter 9A or 10A respectively of the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook or MiFID II; or (b) a recommendation to any investor or group of investors to invest in, or purchase, or take any other action whatsoever with respect to the Ordinary Shares. Each Distributor is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Ordinary Shares and determining appropriate distribution channels. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Atalaya Mining (ATYM) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 2 hours ago CloudCoco Group 2 hours ago Petrotal Corporation NPV (DI) 2 hours ago Integrated Diagnostics Holdings 3 hours ago Inchcape 3 hours ago PZ Cussons All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and