BETA Close X Atalaya Mining Copper, S.A. has announced the grant of conditional share awards under its 2020 Long-Term Incentive Plan, with awards to Persons Discharging Managerial Responsibilities (PDMRs) subject to performance conditions over a three-year period. The Chief Executive Officer, Alberto Lavandeira, received a maximum of 100,513 shares, and Chief Financial Officer, César Sánchez, received 54,750 shares, both granted at nil consideration with a share price of 787.45 pence. Additionally, 152,141 shares were awarded to other employees, with staggered vesting based on company and individual performance. These awards are subject to a two-year holding period post-vesting and potential malus and clawback provisions. Disclaimer* Atalaya Mining Copper, S.A. 28 April 2026 28 April 2026 Atalaya Mining Copper, S.A. ("Atalaya" or "the Company") Grant of Conditional Share Awards and PDMR Notification Atalaya Mining (LSE: ATYM) announces that the following conditional share awards have been granted pursuant to the Atalaya Mining Long-Term Incentive Plan 2020 (the "2020 LTIP"). Pursuant to these awards, participants who are Persons Discharging Managerial Responsibilities ("PDMRs") may receive an allocation of shares following the normal vesting date, subject to the extent to which the applicable performance conditions have been satisfied at the end of the three-year performance period and their continuing employment at that time. As indicated in the Company's 2025 Annual Report, the Company confirms that the vesting of the conditional share awards to the Chief Executive Officer will depend on the achievement of certain performance conditions, full details of which can be found in the 2025 Directors' Remuneration Report. The vesting date for the conditional share awards to PDMRs will be the later of the third anniversary of the award date and the day following the end of the performance period on which the performance conditions have been assessed and notified to the participant. Any vested shares will be subject to a holding period of two years from the vesting date and subject to customary malus and clawback events. In addition, conditional share awards have been made to employees who are not PDMRs. Pursuant to these awards, participants will receive an allocation of shares on grant equal to one third of the maximum number of shares comprised in the award immediately following the Company's 2026 Annual General Shareholders' Meeting. Participants may receive two further allocations of shares (up to one third each on the first and second anniversaries of grant) subject to the achievement of an underpin condition on each anniversary related to performance of the Company and performance of the individual employee. The conditional share awards are as follows: Name Role Maximum № of Shares Alberto Lavandeira Chief Executive Officer Director 100,513 César Sánchez Chief Financial Officer PDMR 54,750 Other employees 152,141 No consideration was paid for the grant of the awards. For the purposes of these awards, the grant was made at a share price of 787.45 pence. Further details are set out in the notification in the appendix, made in accordance with the requirements of the EU Market Abuse Regulation (EU) № 596/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018. Contacts: SEC Newgate UK Clotilde Gros / George Esmond / Gwen Samuel +44 20 3757 6882 Atalaya Mining Michael Rechsteiner +34 959 59 28 50 About Atalaya Mining Copper, S.A. Atalaya is a European copper producer that owns and operates the Proyecto Riotinto complex in southwest Spain. Atalaya's shares trade on the London Stock Exchange's Main Market under the symbol "ATYM" and Atalaya is a FTSE 250 Index constituent. Atalaya's operations include the Cerro Colorado open pit mine and a modern 15 Mtpa processing plant, which has the potential to become a central processing hub for ore sourced from its wholly-owned regional projects around Riotinto , such as Proyecto Masa Valverde and Proyecto Riotinto East. In addition, Atalaya has a phased earn-in agreement for up to 80% ownership of Cobre San Rafael S.L. , which fully owns the Proyecto Touro brownfield copper project in the northwest of Spain, as well as a 99.9% interest in Proyecto Ossa Morena. For further information, please visit www.atalayamining.com . Appendix Notification and public disclosure of transactions of persons discharging managerial responsibilities and persons closely associated with them: 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities/person closely associated a) Name Alberto Lavandeira Ad á n 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/status Chief Executive Officer b) Initial notification/Amendment Initial notification 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name Atalaya Mining Copper, S.A. b) LEI 549300QNQPXVRXGXOX56 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Identification code Ordinary Shares of €0.09 each nominal value CY0106002112 b) Nature of the transaction Grant of conditional share awards pursuant to a The Atalaya Mining Long-Term Incentive Plan 2020 c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volumes(s) Nil consideration 100,513 d) Aggregated information Volume: 100,513 Price: 0 p e) Date of the transaction 24/04/2026 f) Place of the transaction Outside of a trading venue 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities/person closely associated a) Name C é sar S á nchez Fern á ndez 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/status PDMR b) Initial notification/Amendment Initial notification 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name Atalaya Mining Copper, S.A. b) LEI 549300QNQPXVRXGXOX56 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Identification code Ordinary Shares of €0.09 each nominal value CY0106002112 b) Nature of the transaction Grant of conditional share award pursuant to a The Atalaya Mining Long-Term Incentive Plan 2020 c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volumes(s) Nil consideration 54,750 d) Aggregated information Volume: 54,750 Price: 0 p e) Date of the transaction 24/04/2026 f) Place of the transaction Outside of a trading venue This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Atalaya Mining (ATYM) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 2 hours ago CloudCoco Group 2 hours ago Petrotal Corporation NPV (DI) 2 hours ago Integrated Diagnostics Holdings 3 hours ago Inchcape 3 hours ago PZ Cussons All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and