BETA Close X Atalaya Mining Copper, S.A. has published its 2025 Annual Report, 2025 Report on Payments to Governments, 2025 Sustainability Report, and 2025 Climate Change Report, all of which are available on the Financial Conduct Authority's National Storage Mechanism and the company's website. Disclaimer* Atalaya Mining Copper, S.A. 28 April 2026 28 April 2026 Atalaya Mining Copper, S.A. ("Atalaya" or "the Company") Publication of 2025 Annual Reporting Documents Atalaya Mining (LSE: ATYM) announces that it has published a suite of documents in relation to its financial year ended 31 December 2025. 2025 Annual Report The Company's 2025 Annual Report has been published and it is available on the Financial Conduct Authority's National Storage Mechanism at https://data.fca.org.uk/#/nsm/nationalstoragemechanism and on the Company's website at www.atalayamining.com . 2025 Report on Payments to Governments The Company has published its 2025 Report on Payments to Governments and it is available on the Financial Conduct Authority's National Storage Mechanism at https://data.fca.org.uk/#/nsm/nationalstoragemechanism and on the Company's website at www.atalayamining.com . 2025 Sustainability and Climate Change Reporting In relation to its annual reporting around sustainability and climate change, the Company has published the following documents: · 2025 Sustainability Report · 2025 Climate Change Report These documents are available on the Company's website at www.atalayamining.com . Contacts: SEC Newgate UK Clotilde Gros / George Esmond / Gwen Samuel +44 20 3757 6882 Atalaya Mining Michael Rechsteiner +34 959 59 28 50 About Atalaya Mining Copper, S.A. Atalaya is a European copper producer that owns and operates the Proyecto Riotinto complex in southwest Spain. Atalaya's shares trade on the London Stock Exchange's Main Market under the symbol "ATYM" and Atalaya is a FTSE 250 Index constituent. Atalaya's operations include the Cerro Colorado open pit mine and a modern 15 Mtpa processing plant, which has the potential to become a central processing hub for ore sourced from its wholly-owned regional projects around Riotinto , such as Proyecto Masa Valverde and Proyecto Riotinto East. In addition, Atalaya has a phased earn-in agreement for up to 80% ownership of Cobre San Rafael S.L. , which fully owns the Proyecto Touro brownfield copper project in the northwest of Spain, as well as a 99.9% interest in Proyecto Ossa Morena. For further information, please visit www.atalayamining.com . This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Atalaya Mining (ATYM) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 day ago Canal+ SA 1 day ago PayPoint 1 day ago Premier Miton Group 1 day ago Braemar 1 day ago Hill and Smith All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and