BETA Close X Atalaya Mining Copper, S.A. is providing an update following its Annual General Meeting on 24 June 2025, noting that while all resolutions passed, four received less than 80% shareholder support: the re-election of Jesús Fernández (71.66%), approval of the directors' remuneration report (72.13%), approval of long-term incentive plan awards (73.70%), and approval of a one-off transitional award to the CEO (71.13%). The company has addressed shareholder concerns regarding past incentive structures and the CEO's award, and anticipates improved support for future remuneration resolutions, especially given the new Directors' Remuneration Policy received 96.35% approval. No shareholders have requested further consultation on these matters. Disclaimer* Atalaya Mining Copper, S.A. 19 December 2025 19 December 2025 Atalaya Mining Copper, S.A. ("Atalaya" or the "Company") Statement Regarding Shareholder Consultation Atalaya Mining (LSE: ATYM) is providing this update following the outcome of the Annual General Meeting on 24 June 2025 (the "2025 AGM") and in accordance with the UK Corporate Governance Code. At the 2025 AGM, all resolutions put to the meeting were successfully passed with the requisite majority of votes, although the following four resolutions received less than 80% shareholder support: Resolution 5a re-election of Jesús Fernández 71.66% Resolution 6 approval of directors' remuneration report 72.13% Resolution 8 approval of grant of awards pursuant to the long-term incentive plan 73.70% Resolution 9 approval of the grant of a one-off transitional award to the CEO. 71.13% In respect of Resolution 5a (the re-election of Jesús Fernández as a director), the Board is aware that the votes against were as a result of concerns on Board meeting attendance. In this regard, Mr Fernández has confirmed his commitment to meeting attendance expectations going forward. In respect of Resolutions 6, 8 and 9, the reasons for the voting outcomes were extensively discussed with major shareholders and shareholder representative bodies during an engagement exercise carried out in the final quarter of 2024. These included shareholder concerns regarding: · the Company's previous approach to long-term incentive provision (i.e. the absence of performance conditions, length of vesting periods and lack of a post-vesting holding period for the share option award made in June 2024) and; · the one-off 'transitional' share award ultimately granted to the CEO in July 2025 which was intended to bridge the vesting gap between the previous market value option approach and the Company's new long-term incentive policy. With these legacy issues now behind the Company, and with future incentive awards being operated in line with the new Directors' Remuneration Policy, which received 96.35% shareholder support at the 2025 AGM, the Board anticipates an increase in shareholder support for remuneration-related resolutions at future AGMs. Notwithstanding the above, the Board has re-engaged with those shareholders who participated in the Company's previous engagement exercise to ascertain whether they are of the view that further consultation would be beneficial. No shareholder has thus far responded indicating that they wish to have further consultation. Contacts: SEC Newgate UK Clotilde Gros / George Esmond / Gwen Samuel +44 20 3757 6882 Atalaya Mining Michael Rechsteiner +34 959 59 28 50 About Atalaya Mining Copper, S.A. Atalaya is a European copper producer that owns and operates the Proyecto Riotinto complex in southwest Spain. Atalaya's shares trade on the London Stock Exchange's Main Market under the symbol "ATYM" and Atalaya is a FTSE 250 Index constituent. Atalaya's operations include the Cerro Colorado open pit mine and a modern 15 Mtpa processing plant, which has the potential to become a central processing hub for ore sourced from its wholly owned regional projects around Riotinto, such as Proyecto Masa Valverde and Proyecto Riotinto East. In addition, Atalaya has a phased earn-in agreement for up to 80% ownership of Cobre San Rafael S.L., which fully owns the Proyecto Touro brownfield copper project in the northwest of Spain, as well as a 99.9% interest in Proyecto Ossa Morena. For further information, please visit www.atalayamining.com This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Atalaya Mining (ATYM) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 2 hours ago CloudCoco Group 2 hours ago Petrotal Corporation NPV (DI) 2 hours ago Integrated Diagnostics Holdings 3 hours ago Inchcape 3 hours ago PZ Cussons All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and