Item 1.01. Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement. On November 14, 2025, PayPal Holdings, Inc. (the “Company”) established a commercial paper program (the “Program”) pursuant to which it may issue , unsecured commercial paper notes (the “Notes”) under the exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”). Amounts available under the Program may be borrowed, repaid and from time to time, with the aggregate face or principal amount of the Notes outstanding under the Program at any time not to exceed $5.0 billion, unless such amount is increased in accordance with the terms of each Dealer Agreement (as defined herein). Net proceeds of the issuances of the Notes are expected to be used for general corporate purposes. The Notes will be sold under customary market terms in the U.S. commercial paper market at a discount from par or at par and bear interest at rates determined at the time of issuance. The maturities of the Notes may vary, but shall not exceed 397 days from the date of issuance. It is expected that the revolving credit facility of the Company will serve as a liquidity backstop for any issuances under the Program. The Company intends to maintain available capacity under its revolving credit facility in an amount at least equal to the aggregate outstanding borrowings under the Program. As of the date of this Current Report on Form 8-K, the Company has not issued any Notes. One or more commercial paper dealers will each act as a dealer under the Program (each, a “Dealer,” and collectively, the “Dealers”) pursuant to the terms and conditions of the respective commercial paper dealer agreement entered into between the Company and each Dealer (each, a “Dealer Agreement,” and collectively, the “Dealer Agreements”). A national bank will act as the issuing and paying agent under the Program. The Dealer Agreements provide the terms under which the Dealers will either purchase from the Company or arrange for the sale by the Company of the Notes. The Dealer Agreements contain customary representations, warranties, covenants and indemnification provisions. The form of Dealer Agreement is filed herewith as Exhibit 10.1 and is incorporated herein by reference, and the summary of the Program herein is qualified in its entirety by the terms of the Program as set forth in the form of Dealer Agreement. From time to time, the Dealers and certain of their respective affiliates have provided, and may in the future provide, lending, commercial banking, investment banking and other financial advisory services to the Company and its affiliates for which such Dealers have received or will receive customary fees and expenses. The Notes have not been, and will not be, registered under the Securities Act or any state securities laws, and the Notes may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration or an applicable exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act and applicable state laws. The information contained in this Current Report on Form 8-K is neither an offer to sell nor a solicitation of an offer to buy any Notes. Item 2.03. Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant. The information included in Item 1.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated by reference into this Item 2.03. Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits. (d) Exhibits Exhibit Number Exhibit Title or Description 10.1 Form of Commercial Paper Dealer Agreement between the Company, as issuer, and the applicable Dealer party thereto. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document). SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. PayPal Holdings, Inc. (Registrant) Date: November 14, 2025 By: /s/ Brian Y. Yamasaki Name: Brian Y. Yamasaki Title: Vice President, Corporate Legal and Secretary