Disclaimer* dotDigital Group plc 01 July 2026 1 July 2026 Dotdigital Group plc ("Dotdigital" or the "Group") New Website Dotdigital Group (AIM: DOTD), the leading SaaS provider of an AI-powered customer experience and data platform for intelligent personalised marketing engagement at scale, announces the launch of its new website alongside a refresh of the Dotdigital commercial brand. The new corporate website is accessible at https://dotdigital.com/ . Investor relations and AIM Rule 26 information will now be accessible at investors.dotdigital.com . The website launch coincides with the Group's commercial rebrand and reflects Dotdigital's evolution into an all-in-one customer experience and data platform, supported by sustained investment in AI, data and personalisation and the acquisitions of Fresh Relevance, Social Snowball and Alia Software. Following a global, digital launch today, the new branding and product roadmap will be presented at Dotdigital Summit on 2 July, the Group's flagship customer event. Milan Patel, CEO of Dotdigital, commented: " Our new brand and website are a clear expression of our market positioning and the value we deliver to more than 9,800 customers globally. We remain focused on maintaining the pace of product innovation, with further enhancements to come as we continue to expand the capability of the platform through our AI-focused roadmap." Contacts Dotdigital Group plc +44 (0)20 3953 3072 Milan Patel, CEO investorrelations@dotdigital.com Tom Mullan, CFO Alma Strategic Communications +44 (0)20 3405 0210 Hilary Buchanan dotdigital@almastrategic.com David Ison Will Merison Canaccord Genuity (Nominated Adviser and Joint Broker) +44 (0)20 7523 8000 Bobbie Hilliam Elizabeth Halley-Stott Cavendish Capital Markets Limited (Joint Broker) +44 (0)20 7220 0500 Jonny Franklin-Adams, Corporate Finance Sunila de Silva, Equity Capital Markets Singer Capital Markets (Joint Broker) +44 (0)20 7496 3000 Shaun Dobson Jen Boorer About Dotdigital Dotdigital Group plc (AIM: DOTD) is a leading provider of customer experience and data platform technology to marketing professionals. Dotdigital's CXDP combines the power of automation, data and AI to help businesses deliver hyper-relevant customer experiences at scale. With Dotdigital, marketing teams can unify and enrich their customer data, identify valuable customer segments, and deliver personalised cross-channel customer journeys that result in engagements, conversions, and loyalty. Founded in 1999, Dotdigital is headquartered in London with offices in Manchester, Southampton, New York, Melbourne, Sydney, Singapore, Tokyo, Warsaw and Cape Town. Dotdigital's solutions empower over 9,800 brands across 150 countries. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies DotDigital Group (DOTD) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 hour ago Cambridge Cognition Holdings 1 hour ago Pearson 1 hour ago Trustpilot Group 1 hour ago Speedy Hire 1 hour ago Beazley All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and