Disclaimer* dotDigital Group plc 26 March 2026 26 March 2026 Dotdigital Group plc ("Dotdigital" or the "Group") Appointment of Chief Revenue Officer Dotdigital Group (AIM: DOTD), the leading SaaS provider of an AI-powered customer experience and data platform for intelligent personalised marketing engagement at scale, is pleased to announce the appointment of Mike Harris as Chief Revenue Officer (non-board position), effective 1 April 2026. The Chief Revenue Officer role is a newly created Group position, established to bring all global go ‑ to ‑ market functions together under unified leadership as the Group continues to scale internationally. The role reports directly to the Chief Executive Officer and is responsible for leading Dotdigital's global commercial organisation and revenue performance, with a focus on driving more consistent execution across regions and improving expansion, retention and customer lifetime value. Mike has served as Dotdigital's Interim GM for EMEA since July 2025, during which time he has made a strong contribution to the Group's commercial strategy and revenue performance in the region. Mike brings extensive senior leadership experience in scaling revenue across global B2B SaaS and marketing technology businesses. Most recently, he served as CRO at Haiilo, where he drove several growth, retention and efficiency-related initiatives. Prior to this, he held senior commercial leadership roles including Vice President of Global Sales at parcelLab and Senior Vice-President of Global Sales at Monetate, both marketing technology platforms. Mike has also held senior roles at Bluecore and Omniture. Milan Patel, CEO of Dotdigital, commented: "Dotdigital has strengthened significantly in recent years through sustained product investment and targeted acquisitions, building a broader, more capable platform. We will continue to invest as we extend that advantage, while at the same time focusing on raising the consistency and pace of execution globally. Creating the Chief Revenue Officer role gives us clear leadership of the Group's commercial engine and reinforces our ambition to scale internationally with discipline. "Since joining us as interim GM for EMEA last summer, Mike has raised the bar on focus, pace and commercial discipline. I am delighted he will now lead this agenda as Chief Revenue Officer as we deepen customer success, drive expansion and retention, and deliver sustainable, high-quality recurring revenue growth." Mike Harris, incoming CRO, commented: "Over the past several months I have seen a platform with real strength, a loyal customer base, and a team that cares deeply about what we do - and we know that our success is ultimately defined by the success of our customers. As CRO, my priority is to help our teams focus on the right opportunities, make performance visible through clear metrics, and support customers to realise value faster. I am excited to take on the role and help drive the next stage of growth." Contacts Dotdigital Group plc +44 (0)20 3953 3072 Milan Patel, CEO investorrelations@dotdigital.com Tom Mullan, CFO Alma Strategic Communications +44 (0)20 3405 0210 Hilary Buchanan dotdigital@almastrategic.com David Ison Will Merison Canaccord Genuity (Nominated Adviser and Joint Broker) +44 (0)20 7523 8000 Bobbie Hilliam Elizabeth Halley-Stott Cavendish Capital Markets Limited (Joint Broker) +44 (0)20 7220 0500 Jonny Franklin-Adams, Corporate Finance Sunila de Silva, Equity Capital Markets Singer Capital Markets (Joint Broker) +44 (0)20 7496 3000 Shaun Dobson Jen Boorer About Dotdigital Dotdigital Group plc (AIM: DOTD) is a leading provider of cross-channel marketing automation technology to marketing professionals. Dotdigital's customer experience and data platform (CXDP) combines the power of automation and AI to help businesses deliver hyper-relevant customer experiences at scale. With Dotdigital, marketing teams can unify and enrich their customer data, identify valuable customer segments, and deliver personalised cross-channel customer journeys that result in engagements, conversions, and loyalty. Founded in 1999, Dotdigital is headquartered in London with offices in Manchester, Southampton, New York, Melbourne, Sydney, Singapore, Tokyo, Warsaw and Cape Town. Dotdigital's solutions empower over 4,000 brands across 150 countries. This information is provided by Reach, the non-regulatory press release distribution service of RNS, part of the London Stock Exchange. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies DotDigital Group (DOTD) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 hour ago Cambridge Cognition Holdings 1 hour ago Pearson 1 hour ago Trustpilot Group 1 hour ago Speedy Hire 1 hour ago Beazley All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and