Disclaimer* dotDigital Group plc 16 July 2026 16 July 2026 Dotdigital Group plc ("Dotdigital" or the "Group") Launch of Dotdigital Loyalty and new AI capabilities Extending the Group's customer lifecycle proposition and revenue opportunity Dotdigital Group (AIM: DOTD), the leading SaaS provider of an AI-powered customer experience and data platform for intelligent personalised marketing engagement at scale, announces the launch of Dotdigital Loyalty, a new loyalty product initially developed for Shopify merchants, and Agents in Dotdigital, a natural language prompting interface embedded in core platform workflows. Both products are now live and available to customers, alongside the Group's recently launched Dotdigital MCP server, which connects the platform to a customer's large language model of choice. Together, the launches extend the Group's customer lifecycle proposition, deepen the AI capability embedded across the platform, and increase the revenue opportunity within Dotdigital's existing customer base. Dotdigital Loyalty Dotdigital Loyalty enables merchants to build and manage loyalty programmes natively within the Dotdigital platform, connecting loyalty data with customers' wider marketing campaigns to support more personalised engagement across touchpoints. Functionality includes transactional and behavioural earning, flexible rewards, tiered programmes, points management, and analytics, with native Dotdigital and Shopify integrations. Development for additional ecosystem partners is planned. The product extends a connected customer lifecycle suite spanning acquisition, retention, personalisation and advocacy: Alia acquires and enrols customers, Dotdigital Loyalty retains and rewards them, Dotdigital Personalization (formerly Fresh Relevance) personalises touchpoints, and Social Snowball turns loyal customers into growth channels. This creates cross-sell opportunities across the Group's customer base and strengthens the strategic rationale for its recent acquisitions. Loyalty is an established and growing category of marketing spend, and its addition expands the share of customer marketing budgets addressable by the Group. Agents in Dotdigital Agents in Dotdigital is a prompting interface added to core in-platform workflows, including campaign creation and segment creation, enabling marketers to perform complex actions using natural language. The feature is designed to reduce time-to-execution for customers and deepen platform engagement. Dotdigital MCP server The recently launched MCP server connects Dotdigital to a customer's large language model of choice, such as ChatGPT or Claude. Users can manage contact information, retrieve campaign data and access Dotdigital insights, including campaign performance benchmarked against industry peers using aggregated and anonymised data. The MCP server positions Dotdigital's platform within customers' emerging AI-driven workflows. Milan Patel, CEO of Dotdigital, commented : "With Dotdigital Loyalty now live, we offer marketers a connected proposition across the full customer lifecycle. Combined with Agents in Dotdigital and our MCP server, these launches deepen the AI capability across our platform, strengthen our differentiation, and expand our revenue opportunity across the brands we serve." Contacts Dotdigital Group plc +44 (0)20 3953 3072 Milan Patel, CEO investorrelations@dotdigital.com Tom Mullan, CFO Alma Strategic Communications +44 (0)20 3405 0210 Hilary Buchanan dotdigital@almastrategic.com David Ison Will Merison Canaccord Genuity (Nominated Adviser and Joint Broker) +44 (0)20 7523 8000 Bobbie Hilliam Elizabeth Halley-Stott Cavendish Capital Markets Limited (Joint Broker) +44 (0)20 7220 0500 Jonny Franklin-Adams, Corporate Finance Sunila de Silva, Equity Capital Markets Singer Capital Markets (Joint Broker) +44 (0)20 7496 3000 Shaun Dobson Jen Boorer About Dotdigital Dotdigital Group plc (AIM: DOTD) is a leading provider of cross-channel marketing automation technology to marketing professionals. Dotdigital's customer experience and data platform (CXDP) combines the power of automation and AI to help businesses deliver hyper-relevant customer experiences at scale. With Dotdigital, marketing teams can unify and enrich their customer data, identify valuable customer segments, and deliver personalised cross-channel customer journeys that result in engagements, conversions, and loyalty. Founded in 1999, Dotdigital is headquartered in London with offices in Manchester, Southampton, New York, Melbourne, Sydney, Singapore, Tokyo, Warsaw and Cape Town. Dotdigital's solutions empower over 4,000 brands across 150 countries. This information is provided by Reach, the non-regulatory press release distribution service of RNS, part of the London Stock Exchange. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies DotDigital Group (DOTD) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 2 hours ago Cambridge Cognition Holdings 2 hours ago Pearson 2 hours ago Trustpilot Group 2 hours ago Speedy Hire 2 hours ago Beazley All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and