Disclaimer* dotDigital Group plc 16 March 2026 16 March 2026 Dotdigital Group plc ("Dotdigital", the "Company", or the "Group") Director/PDMR Shareholding Dotdigital Group plc (AIM: DOTD), the leading SaaS provider of an AI-powered customer experience and data platform for intelligent, personalised marketing engagement at scale, announces that it has been informed that Tom Mullan, Chief Financial Officer, purchased a total of 19,081 ordinary shares of 0.5 pence each in the Company (" Ordinary Shares ") at an average price of 52.202 pence per Ordinary Share. The transactions occurred on 12 and 13 March 2026 . Following the transactions, Mr Mullan has a total holding of 46,177 Ordinary Shares, equating to less than 0.1% of the Company's issued share capital . For further information please contact: Dotdigital Group plc Milan Patel, CEO Tom Mullan, CFO Tel: 020 3953 3072 investorrelations@dotdigital.com Alma Strategic Communications Hilary Buchanan David Ison Will Merison Tel: 020 3405 0210 dotdigital@almastrategic.com Canaccord Genuity (Nominated Advisor and Joint Broker) Bobbie Hilliam Elizabeth Halley-Stott Tel: 020 7523 8000 Cavendish Capital Markets Limited (Joint Broker) Jonny Franklin Adams, Corporate Finance Sunila de Silva, Equity Capital Markets Tel: 020 7220 0500 Singer Capital Markets (Joint Broker) Shaun Dobson Jen Boorer Tel: 020 7496 3000 About Dotdigital Dotdigital Group plc (AIM: DOTD) is a leading provider of cross-channel marketing automation technology to marketing professionals. Dotdigital's customer experience and data platform (CXDP) combines the power of automation and AI to help businesses deliver hyper-relevant customer experiences at scale. With Dotdigital, marketing teams can unify and enrich their customer data, identify valuable customer segments, and deliver personalised cross-channel customer journeys that result in engagements, conversions, and loyalty. Founded in 1999, Dotdigital is headquartered in London with offices in Manchester, Southampton, New York, Melbourne, Sydney, Singapore, Tokyo, Warsaw and Cape Town. Dotdigital's solutions empower over 4,000 brands across 150 countries. 1. Details of the PDMR a) Name Tom Mullan 2. Reason for notification a) Position/Status Chief Financial Officer b) Initial notification/Amendment Initial Notification 3. Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name Dotdigital Group plc (AIM: DOTD) b) LEI 2138006LZ7HHQ6DWFD42 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Identification Code Ordinary Shares of 0.5 pence each ISIN: GB00B3W40C23 b) Nature of the transaction Purchase of Ordinary Shares c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) 52.412 17,158 51.992 1,923 d) Aggregated information - Aggregated Volume - Price Average Price Aggregated Volume 52.202 19,081 e) Date of the transaction 12 March 2026 and 13 March 2026 f) Place of the transaction London Stock Exchange (AIM) This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies DotDigital Group (DOTD) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 37 minutes ago Haleon 1 hour ago ActiveOps 1 hour ago Quilter 1 hour ago Unilever 2 hours ago Origin Enterprises (CDI) All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and