Disclaimer* dotDigital Group plc 25 February 2026 25 February 2026 Dotdigital Group plc ("Dotdigital" or the "Group") Notice of Results and Investor Presentations Dotdigital (AIM: DOTD), the leading provider of an AI-powered customer experience and data platform for intelligent, personalised marketing engagement at scale, will announce its interim results for the six months ended 31 December 2025 on Tuesday 10 March 2026. Analyst Presentation Milan Patel, Chief Executive Officer, and Tom Mullan, Chief Financial Officer will host a virtual results presentation and Q&A session for analysts at 09.00 GMT on Tuesday 10 March 2026. To register, please email dotdigital@almastrategic.com Investor Presentation Management will also host a virtual results presentation and Q&A session open to all existing and potential shareholders via the Investor Meet Company platform at 12.00 GMT on Thursday 12 March 2026. Investors can sign up to Investor Meet Company for free via: https://www.investormeetcompany.com/dotdigital-group-plc/register-investor Investors who already follow Dotdigital on the Investor Meet Company platform will automatically be invited. Questions can be submitted pre-event via the Investor Meet Company dashboard up until 09.00 GMT the day before the meeting or at any time during the live presentation. Contacts Dotdigital Group plc +44 (0)20 3953 3072 Milan Patel, CEO investorrelations@dotdigital.com Tom Mullan, CFO Alma Strategic Communications +44 (0)20 3405 0210 Hilary Buchanan dotdigital@almastrategic.com David Ison Will Merison Canaccord Genuity (Nominated Adviser and Joint Broker) +44 (0)20 7523 8000 Bobbie Hilliam Elizabeth Halley-Stott Cavendish Capital Markets Limited (Joint Broker) +44 (0)20 7220 0500 Jonny Franklin-Adams, Corporate Finance Sunila de Silva, Equity Capital Markets Singer Capital Markets (Joint Broker) +44 (0)20 7496 3000 Shaun Dobson Jen Boorer About Dotdigital Dotdigital Group plc (AIM: DOTD) is a leading provider of cross-channel marketing automation technology to marketing professionals. Dotdigital's customer experience and data platform (CXDP) combines the power of automation and AI to help businesses deliver hyper-relevant customer experiences at scale. With Dotdigital, marketing teams can unify and enrich their customer data, identify valuable customer segments, and deliver personalised cross-channel customer journeys that result in engagements, conversions, and loyalty. Founded in 1999, Dotdigital is headquartered in London with offices in Manchester, Southampton, New York, Melbourne, Sydney, Singapore, Tokyo, Warsaw and Cape Town. Dotdigital's solutions empower over 4,000 brands across 150 countries. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies DotDigital Group (DOTD) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 2 hours ago Cambridge Cognition Holdings 2 hours ago Pearson 2 hours ago Trustpilot Group 2 hours ago Speedy Hire 2 hours ago Beazley All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and