Disclaimer* dotDigital Group plc 09 September 2026 9 September 2026 ​ Dotdigital Group plc ("Dotdigital", the "Company", or the "Group") Exercise of Options and Total Voting Rights Dotdigital Group plc (AIM: DOTD), the provider of a leading AI-powered marketing platform for customer acquisition, engagement, retention and advocacy , announces that an application has been made to the London Stock Exchange for the admission to trading on AIM (" Admission ") of 263,800 ordinary shares of 0.5 pence each in the Company (" Ordinary Shares ") following an exercise of options over Ordinary Shares (" Options ") by certain employees of the Company. It is expected that Admission will take place at 8.00 a.m. on or around 11 September 2026. The new Ordinary Shares will rank pari passu in all respects with the Ordinary Shares of the Company currently traded on AIM. Following Admission, the Company's issued share capital will consist of 303,509,139 Ordinary Shares. The Company does not currently hold any shares in treasury and therefore this figure may be used by shareholders as the denominator for the calculation by which they may determine if they are required to notify their interest in, or a change to their interest in, the share capital of the Company under the FCA's Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rules. For further information please contact: Dotdigital Group plc Milan Patel, CEO Tom Mullan, CFO Tel: 020 3953 3072 investorrelations@dotdigital.com Alma Strategic Communications Hilary Buchanan David Ison Will Merison Tel: 020 3405 0210 dotdigital@almastrategic.com Canaccord Genuity (Nominated Advisor and Joint Broker) Bobbie Hilliam Elizabeth Halley-Stott Tel: 020 7523 8000 Cavendish Capital Markets Limited (Joint Broker) Jonny Franklin Adams, Corporate Finance Sunila de Silva, Equity Capital Markets Tel: 020 7220 0500 Singer Capital Markets (Joint Broker) Shaun Dobson Jen Boorer Tel: 020 7496 3000 About Dotdigital Dotdigital Group plc (AIM: DOTD) is a leading provider of AI-powered marketing automation and personalisation technology. Its customer experience and data platform ("CXDP") brings together customer data, intelligent automation and cross-channel campaign execution, supported by an expanding suite of capabilities spanning customer acquisition, engagement, personalisation, loyalty and advocacy. By simplifying complexity and routine execution, Dotdigital helps marketers deliver relevant customer experiences at scale while retaining the control and creativity needed to build meaningful connections. Founded in 1999 and headquartered in London, Dotdigital has offices in Manchester, Southampton, New York, Melbourne, Sydney, Singapore, Tokyo, Warsaw and Cape Town. Its technology is used by more than 9,800 brands across 150 countries. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies DotDigital Group (DOTD) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 2 hours ago Cambridge Cognition Holdings 2 hours ago Pearson 2 hours ago Trustpilot Group 2 hours ago Speedy Hire 2 hours ago Beazley All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and