Appointment of Independent Non-Executive Director Topps Tiles PLC 20 September 2024 20 September 2024 Topps Tiles Plc Appointment of Independent Non-Executive Director and Audit Committee Chair Designate Topps Tiles Plc (LSE: TPT) ( "Topps Group" , the "Company" and together with its subsidiary undertakings, the "Group" ) the UK's leading tile specialist, is pleased to announce the appointment of Martin Payne as an independent non-executive director and Audit Committee Chair Designate. Martin will join the board of directors of Topps Group (the " Board ") on 1 October 2024 and will succeed Keith Down as Audit Committee Chair at the AGM in January 2025, at which point Keith will retire from the Board after having served his term under the UK Corporate Governance Code. Martin brings over 35 years of experience as an executive and non-executive in both private and public businesses. A qualified management accountant, Martin served as CFO and CEO of Genuit Group plc, the FTSE250 building materials group, retiring in May 2022. Prior to that he was CFO of Norcros plc where he gained experience of tile retailing and manufacturing in UK and South Africa. Martin is currently a non-executive director of Stelrad Group plc, Europe's largest radiator manufacturer, where he is Chair of the Audit Committee. He is also a non-executive director of Churchill China plc, the AIM listed international tableware manufacturer, where he is Audit Committee chair and SID. Previously, Martin also spent two years as Chair of the Construction Products Association, the trade association representing UK building materials manufacturers. Paul Forman, Chair of Topps Group, said: " We are delighted that Martin is joining the Board, not only does he bring significant experience as an Audit Committee Chair, but he also brings great breadth of business experience. More specifically his time as a Director at Norcros will enable us to benefit from his understanding of the tiling sector. He also has a wealth of experience in the broader lightside building materials environment." Commenting on his appointment, Martin said: " I am delighted to be joining the Board of Topps Group Plc. The Topps Group is a business I have admired for many years with a strong brand in the marketplace, a clear vision and purpose, and great people delivering exceptional service. The "Mission 365" strategy identifies many exciting growth opportunities for the Group, and I look forward to helping the Board and the broader business continue to develop and deliver on those opportunities." There is no further information to disclose in accordance with LR 9.6.13 of the Listing Rules of the Financial Conduct Authority. -Ends- Enquiries: Topps Tiles Plc +44 (0) 116 282 8000 Paul Forman, Chairman Rob Parker, Chief Executive Citigate Dewe Rogerson +44 (0) 20 7638 9571 Kevin Smith/Ellen Wilton toppstiles@citigatedewerogerson.com Notes to editors Notes to Editors Topps Tiles Plc is the UK's largest specialist supplier of tiles and associated products, targeting the UK domestic and commercial markets and serving homeowners, trade customers, architects, designers and contractors from 303 nationwide Topps Tiles stores, a commercial showroom in London and eight customer-facing websites: www.toppstiles.co.uk , www.parkside.co.uk , www.protilertools.co.uk , www.northantstools.co.uk , www.premiumtiletrim.co.uk , www.warmfloorstore.co.uk www.flooringmaterials.co.uk and www.tilewarehouse.co.uk . Since opening its first store in 1963, Topps has maintained a simple operating philosophy ‐ inspiring customers with unrivalled product choice and providing exceptional levels of customer service. For further information on the Group, please visit http://www.toppstilesplc.co This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Topps Tiles (TPT) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 2 days ago Ondo Insurtech 2 days ago Ondo Insurtech 2 days ago Sunbelt Rentals Holdings, Inc. 2 days ago Savannah Energy 2 days ago Savills All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and