BETA Close X Topps Tiles Plc has announced the appointment of Caroline Browne as its new Chief Financial Officer, effective Spring 2026, succeeding Stephen Hopson. Browne brings extensive retail finance experience, including her role as Group Finance & Investor Relations Director at Watches of Switzerland Group Plc and previous senior positions at Next Plc and Boots. The company has also appointed Rob Swales as interim CFO. This leadership update is expected to support the company's growth ambitions and market position. Disclaimer* Topps Tiles PLC 01 December 2025 1 December 2025 Topps Tiles Plc Leadership Update - CFO Appointment Topps Tiles Plc ("Topps Group", the "Company" or the "Group"), the UK's leading tile specialist, announces a leadership succession update. Following the announcement made in June 2025 regarding CFO Stephen Hopson's resignation from the business, the Company is pleased to announce the appointment of Caroline Browne as the company's new CFO, who will join in Spring 2026 as an executive director. Caroline is currently the Group Finance & Investor Relations Director at Watches of Switzerland Group Plc, where she leads the finance function and was part of the team that successfully executed the Initial Public Offering on the London Stock Exchange in 2019. Caroline is also the Treasurer and Audit & Risk Committee Chair for the NGO War Child UK. Prior to Watches of Switzerland, she was the Group Financial Controller at Next Plc and held several senior finance positions at Boots. Caroline's career began at Baker Tilly before moving into audit at Ernst & Young in the UK and internationally. Caroline has extensive retail experience and brings with her strong skills in commercial finance, financial control, governance and investor relations. The company has recently appointed an interim CFO, Rob Swales to replace the previous interim CFO referenced in the June announcement. Until recently Rob was Group Commercial Finance Director at Pepco, having helped deliver its IPO on the Warsaw Stock Exchange. Prior to that he spent several years at Marks and Spencer. Commenting on Caroline's appointment, Paul Forman, Chair of the Board said: "We are delighted to welcome Caroline as Chief Financial Officer. She has significant financial and investor relations experience in high quality retail organisations and a consistent track record of delivering strong results and I look forward to working with her as we build upon our growth ambitions and create continued long-term value for our customers, colleagues, and shareholders." Commenting on her appointmen t, Alex Jensen, CEO Designate, said: "I'm very much looking forward to Caroline joining the business. Her extensive retail experience and proven ability in commercial finance, risk management, governance and investor relations will be invaluable as we continue to execute our growth strategy and strengthen our market position." This announcement includes the information required by the UK Listing Rules 6.4.6 to 6.4.8, and there is no information to report under UK Listing Rule 6.4.8R (1) - (6) inclusive. Enquiries: Topps Tiles Plc +44 (0)116 282 8000 Joanne Steer, Company Secretary Joanne.steer@toppstiles.co.uk Citigate Dewe Rogerson +44 (0) 20 7638 9571 Angharad Couch toppstiles@cdrconsultancy.com Notes to Editors Topps Tiles Plc is the UK's largest specialist supplier of tiles and associated products, targeting the UK domestic, commercial and housebuilder markets and serving homeowners, trade customers, contractors, architects and designers from 297 nationwide Topps Tiles stores, a commercial showroom in London, the CTD store estate and nine customer-facing websites: www.toppstiles.co.uk , www.parkside.co.uk , www.protilertools.co.uk , www.northantstools.co.uk , www.premiumtiletrim.co.uk , www.warmfloorstore.co.uk www.flooringmaterials.co.uk , www.tilewarehouse.co.uk and www.ctdtiles.co.uk . Since opening its first store in 1963, Topps has maintained a simple operating philosophy ‐ inspiring customers with unrivalled product choice and providing exceptional levels of customer service. For further information on the Group, please visit www.toppsgroup.com This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Topps Tiles (TPT) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 2 days ago Ondo Insurtech 2 days ago Ondo Insurtech 2 days ago Sunbelt Rentals Holdings, Inc. 2 days ago Savannah Energy 2 days ago Savills All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and