BETA Close X Topps Tiles Plc has announced that following its Annual General Meeting on 15 January 2026, resolution 13 received 53.16% of votes in favour, with over 20% of votes cast against it. In accordance with the UK Corporate Governance Code, the Board is engaging with shareholders to understand the reasons behind this voting outcome and will continue to consult on the matter. Disclaimer* Topps Tiles PLC 15 July 2026 Topps Tiles PLC 15 July 2026 Topps Tiles Plc ("Topps Tiles" or "the Company") Statement Regarding Shareholder Consultation Topps Tiles Plc, the UK's leading tile specialist, provides an update, in accordance with provision 4 of Section 1 of the UK Corporate Governance Code (the "Code") following its Annual General Meeting held on 15 January 2026. More than 20% of the votes in respect of resolution 13 (the "Resolution") were cast against the Resolution, with the Resolution receiving votes in favour of 53.16%. In accordance with the Code, the Board confirms that it has sought to engage with shareholders in order to understand the reasons behind the voting on the Resolution. The Company will continue to consult on this matter going forward. Enquiries: Topps Tiles Plc +44 (0)116 282 8000 Joanne Steer, Company Secretary Joanne.steer@toppstiles.co.uk Citigate Dewe Rogerson +44 (0) 20 7638 9571 Angharad Couch toppstiles@citigatedewerogerson.com This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Topps Tiles (TPT) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 2 days ago Ondo Insurtech 2 days ago Ondo Insurtech 2 days ago Sunbelt Rentals Holdings, Inc. 2 days ago Savannah Energy 2 days ago Savills All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and