CTD Tiles acquisition CMA phase 1 decision Topps Tiles PLC 17 February 2025 17 February 2025 Topps Tiles plc ("Topps Group" or the "Company") Acquisition of the brand and certain assets of CTD Tiles - CMA phase 1 referral decision On 19 August 2024, Topps Group announced that it had acquired the CTD Tiles brands, 30 retail stores, selected stock and all related intellectual property (" CTD ") from CTD Tiles Limited. On 2 October 2024, the Company announced that the UK's Competition and Markets Authority (" CMA ") intended to review the transaction under UK merger control. The Company is pleased to note that following the announcement of its Phase I decision today, the CMA found that the transaction has generated no competition concerns in the majority of areas reviewed. Specifically, the CMA agreed with the Company that its acquisition of the CTD commercial tile operations (CTD Architectural and CTD Housebuilder) did not raise any competition concerns and that in 26 out of 30 locations where retail stores were acquired no local competition concerns were identified. In the four retail localities where the CMA has identified possible concerns (Dorking, Aberdeen, Inverness and Edinburgh) the Company now has the opportunity to put forward remedies to address these concerns in lieu of a more in-depth investigation. The Company will continue to work with the CMA in a constructive and professional manner, as it has done throughout this process. A further announcement will be made in due course. For further information please contact: Topps Tiles Plc Rob Parker, CEO Stephen Hopson, CFO 0116 282 8000 Citigate Dewe Rogerson Kevin Smith 020 7638 9571 Notes to Editors Topps Tiles Plc is the UK's largest specialist supplier of tiles and associated products, targeting the UK domestic and commercial markets and serving homeowners, trade customers, architects, designers and contractors from 300 nationwide Topps Tiles stores, a commercial showroom in London and nine customer-facing websites: www.toppstiles.co.uk , www.parkside.co.uk , www.protilertools.co.uk , www.northantstools.co.uk , www.premiumtiletrim.co.uk , www.warmfloorstore.co.uk www.flooringmaterials.co.uk , www.tilewarehouse.co.uk and www.ctdtiles.co.uk . Since opening its first store in 1963, Topps has maintained a simple operating philosophy ‐ inspiring customers with unrivalled product choice and providing exceptional levels of customer service. For further information on the Group, please visit www.toppsgroup.com This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Topps Tiles (TPT) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 19 hours ago Accsys Technologies 20 hours ago CMC Markets 20 hours ago Fuller Smith & Turner 21 hours ago GSK 21 hours ago Banco Santander S.A. All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and