PDMR Transaction and Total Voting Rights Topps Tiles PLC 11 July 2025 Topps Tiles PLC 11 July 2025 Topps Tiles plc (the "Company") PDMR Transaction and Total Voting Rights PDMR Transaction The Company has been notified that, on 10 July 2025, Stephen Hopson, the Company's Chief Financial Officer and a PDMR, exercised nil-cost share options in respect of 111,272 ordinary shares of 3.33 pence each in the capital of the Company ("Ordinary Shares") in accordance with the rules of the Topps Tiles 2013 Long Term Incentive Plan (the "Exercise"). He has sold on the same date 52, 294 Ordinary Shares at a price of £0.383500 per share in order to satisfy associated tax liabilities and dealing costs. He has retained the balance of the Ordinary Shares exercised. Total Voting Rights The Company's total issued share capital, at the date of this announcement, is 196,681,818 Ordinary Shares with one voting right per share. The Company does not hold any Ordinary Shares in treasury. To satisfy the above Exercise by Stephen Hopson, The Topps Tiles Employee Benefit Trust (the "EBT") was requested to transfer 111,272 Ordinary Shares. Following this transfer the EBT holds 69,644 Ordinary Shares and has waived its right to exercise its voting rights and to receive dividends in respect of these Ordinary Shares. Accordingly, the total number of voting rights in the Company will be 196,612,174. This figure may be used by shareholders as the denominator for the calculations by which they will determine if they are required to notify their interest in, or a change to their interest in, the Company under the FCA's Disclosure and Transparency Rules. The notification set out below is provided in accordance with the requirements of the EU Market Abuse Regulations. 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / person closely associated a) Name Stephen Hopson 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/status Chief Financial Officer (PDMR) b) Initial notification /Amendment Initial notification 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name Topps Tiles PLC b) LEI 2138009NA4K1NTLN7Q97 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Ordinary shares of 3.33 pence each Identification Code GB00B18P5K83 b) Nature of the transaction Exercise of nil cost options and sale of shares c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price Volume £0.00 111,272 nil cost options £0.383500 52,294 Shares sold Aggregated information - Aggregated volume - Price N/A e) Date of the transaction 10 July 2025 f) Place of the transaction Outside a trading venue - nil cost options London Stock Exchange - shares sold Enquiries: Topps Tiles plc, Joanne Steer, Company Secretary 0116 282 8000 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Topps Tiles (TPT) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 2 days ago Ondo Insurtech 2 days ago Ondo Insurtech 2 days ago Sunbelt Rentals Holdings, Inc. 2 days ago Savannah Energy 2 days ago Savills All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and