BETA Close X Danielle Parker, a person closely associated with Topps Tiles PLC's Chief Executive Officer, sold 97,500 ordinary shares at £0.47 per share on December 11, 2025, for a total transaction value of £45,825. This sale was conducted on the London Stock Exchange and represents an initial notification of a PDMR PCA transaction. Disclaimer* Topps Tiles PLC 16 December 2025 Topps Tiles PLC 16 December 2025 Topps Tiles plc (the " Company ") PDMR PCA Transaction The Company has been notified that on 11 December 2025, Danielle Parker, a person closely associated of Robert Parker, Chief Executive Officer, sold 97,500 ordinary shares of 3.33 pence each in the capital of the Company (" Ordinary Shares ") at a price of £0.47 per Ordinary Share. The notification set out below is provided in accordance with the requirements of the UK Market Abuse Regulation. 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / person closely associated a) Name Danielle Parker 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/status Chief Executive Officer PCA b) Initial notification /Amendment Initial notification 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name Topps Tiles PLC b) LEI 2138009NA4K1NTLN7Q97 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Ordinary shares of 3.33 pence each Identification Code GB00B18P5K83 b) Nature of the transaction Sale of shares c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price Volume £0.47 per share 97,500 Aggregated information - Aggregated volume - Price N/A e) Date of the transaction 11 December 2025 f) Place of the transaction London Stock Exchange - shares sold For further information please contact: Joanne Steer, Company Secretary, Topps Tiles Plc 0116 2828000 Joanne.steer@toppstiles.co.uk Notes to Editors: Topps Tiles Plc is the UK's largest specialist supplier of tiles and associated products, targeting the UK domestic, commercial and housebuilder markets and serving homeowners, trade customers, contractors, architects and designers from 297 nationwide Topps Tiles stores, a commercial showroom in London, the CTD store estate and nine customer-facing websites: www.toppstiles.co.uk , www.parkside.co.uk , www.protilertools.co.uk , www.northantstools.co.uk , www.premiumtiletrim.co.uk , www.warmfloorstore.co.uk www.flooringmaterials.co.uk , www.tilewarehouse.co.uk and www.ctdtiles.co.uk . Since opening its first store in 1963, Topps has maintained a simple operating philosophy ‐ inspiring customers with unrivalled product choice and providing exceptional levels of customer service. For further information on the Group, please visit www.toppsgroup.com This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Topps Tiles (TPT) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 2 days ago Ondo Insurtech 2 days ago Ondo Insurtech 2 days ago Sunbelt Rentals Holdings, Inc. 2 days ago Savannah Energy 2 days ago Savills All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and