CMA update Topps Tiles PLC 03 October 2024 For immediate release 3 October 2024 Topps Tiles plc ("Topps Group" or the "Group") CMA update On 19 August 2024, Topps Group announced that it had acquired the CTD Tiles brands, 30 stores, selected stock and all related intellectual property from CTD Tiles Limited (the "CTD Business" ) acting by its administrators, James Lumb and Will Wright of Interpath Limited, for a consideration of £9 million (the "CTD Acquisition" ). Topps Group notes that, further to its announcement of 2 October 2024, the UK Competition and Markets Authority (the " CMA ") has now served an initial enforcement order under section 72(2) of the Enterprise Act 2002 (the " IEO ") on Topps Group in relation to the CTD Acquisition. An IEO is routinely applied in cases where the CMA reviews a completed transaction. It requires Topps Group and its subsidiary, Tiles4Less Limited, to, amongst other things, refrain from taking any further action to integrate the CTD Business into the Group and ensure that, except with the consent of the CMA, the CTD Business is carried on separately from the Topps Group business until the CMA review process has concluded. The Group is actively working with the CMA to ensure compliance with the IEO. A further announcement will be made in due course. For further information please contact: Topps Tiles Plc Rob Parker, CEO Stephen Hopson, CFO 0116 282 8000 Citigate Dewe Rogerson Kevin Smith Ellen Wilton 020 7638 9571 Notes to Editors Topps Tiles Plc is the UK's largest specialist supplier of tiles and associated products, targeting the UK domestic and commercial markets and serving homeowners, trade customers, architects, designers and contractors from 301 nationwide Topps Tiles stores, 30 CTD Tile stores, a range of direct business to business selling teams, and nine customer-facing websites: www.toppstiles.co.uk , www.parkside.co.uk , www.protilertools.co.uk , www.northantstools.co.uk , www.premiumtiletrim.co.uk , www.warmfloorstore.co.uk , www.flooringmaterials.co.uk , www.tilewarehouse.co.uk and www.ctdtiles.co.uk . Since opening its first store in 1963, Topps has maintained a simple operating philosophy ‐ inspiring customers with unrivalled product choice and providing exceptional levels of customer service. For further information on the Group, please visit www.toppsgroup.com . This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Topps Tiles (TPT) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 2 days ago Ondo Insurtech 2 days ago Ondo Insurtech 2 days ago Sunbelt Rentals Holdings, Inc. 2 days ago Savannah Energy 2 days ago Savills All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and