Conclusion of CMA investigation - CTD Tiles Topps Tiles PLC 24 April 2025 24 April 2025 Topps Tiles plc ("Topps Group" or the "Company") Acquisition of the brand and certain assets of CTD Tiles - conclusion of CMA investigation Further to its announcement of 3 March 2025, the Company is pleased to note that the Competition and Markets Authority (" CMA ") has now formally approved its proposed undertakings in lieu of a Phase II investigation (the " Undertakings "). The CMA review did not identify any competition concerns in 26 out of 30 CTD retail store locations or in either the CTD Architectural or Housebuilder businesses, which operate on a national basis. Topps Group has agreed to divest the stores in the four remaining retail locations where the CMA identified potential concerns. This process is now being executed at pace and is expected to complete in the coming months. As a result of the formal acceptance of the Undertakings, the Initial Enforcement Order under section 72(2) of the Enterprise Act 2002 (the " IEO ") which has been in place since 3 October 2024, ceases to apply with immediate effect. The IEO had restricted management oversight of CTD and prevented any further integration of CTD into the wider Topps' business which was not already in place as at the enforcement date. Group management will now conduct an immediate review of the retained CTD business and provide an update on its performance and strategy as part of the Interim Results announcement on 20 May 2025. Acceptance of the Undertakings eliminates the risk of a Phase II investigation and the CMA investigation has now been concluded. For further information please contact: Topps Tile Plc Rob Parker, CEO Stephen Hopson, CFO 0116 2828000 Citigate Dewe Rogerson Kevin Smith 020 7638 9571 Notes to Editors Topps Tiles Plc is the UK's largest specialist supplier of tiles and associated products, targeting the UK domestic and commercial markets and serving homeowners, trade customers, architects, designers and contractors from [298] nationwide Topps Tiles stores, a commercial showroom in London and nine customer-facing websites: www.toppstiles.co.uk , www.parkside.co.uk , www.protilertools.co.uk , www.northantstools.co.uk , www.premiumtiletrim.co.uk , www.warmfloorstore.co.uk , www.flooringmaterials.co.uk , www.tilewarehouse.co.uk and www.ctdtiles.co.uk. Since opening its first store in 1963, Topps has maintained a simple operating philosophy ‐ inspiring customers with unrivalled product choice and providing exceptional levels of customer service. For further information on the Group, please visit www.toppsgroup.com This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Topps Tiles (TPT) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 19 hours ago Accsys Technologies 20 hours ago CMC Markets 20 hours ago Fuller Smith & Turner 21 hours ago GSK 21 hours ago Banco Santander S.A. All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and