Statement Regarding Shareholder Consultation Topps Tiles PLC 15 July 2025 Topps Tiles Plc ("Topps Tiles" or "the Company") Statement Regarding Shareholder Consultation Topps Tiles Plc, the UK's leading tile specialist, provides an update, in accordance with the UK Corporate Governance Code following its Annual General Meeting held on 15 January 2025 ("AGM"). At the Company's 2025 AGM, Whilst the majority of the Resolutions were passed with majorities in excess of 50%, Resolution 3 (the remuneration report), Resolution 7 (the re-election of Rob Parker), Resolution 9 (the re-election of Diana Breeze) and Resolution 13 (the issue of equity), passed with a majority of less than 80% (receiving votes in favour of 60.49%, 60.48%, 60.02% and 60.54% respectively). Since the AGM, in accordance with provision 4 of the UK Corporate Governance Code, the Board has engaged the relevant shareholders to understand and discuss their views with respect to these resolutions. With regards to the remuneration report and policy, the Company will consider shareholder suggestions at its next comprehensive review of remuneration policy. On Chief Executive succession, on 26 June the Company was pleased to announce the appointment of Alex Jensen as CEO designate from 15 September. Regarding the issuing of equity and the need for such a resolution, the rationale for the resolution was set out within the AGM notice. It is standard practice for companies to include such a resolution and the Company has proposed this resolution regularly in line with Investment Association guidelines. The Company will continue to engage with its shareholders on remuneration related matters. Whilst the Board fully respects and acknowledges that a shareholder may choose to vote against specific resolutions, the Board considers all the resolutions proposed at the AGM to be in the best interests of all shareholders. For further information please contact: Joanne Steer, Company Secretary, Topps Tiles Plc 0116 2828000 Joanne.steer@toppstiles.co.uk This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Topps Tiles (TPT) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 2 days ago Ondo Insurtech 2 days ago Ondo Insurtech 2 days ago Sunbelt Rentals Holdings, Inc. 2 days ago Savannah Energy 2 days ago Savills All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and