Response to Media Comment Topps Tiles PLC 02 December 2024 2 December 2024 Topps Tiles Plc Response to Media Comment Topps Tiles Plc ("Topps Group", or the "Group"), the UK's leading tile specialist, notes recent media comment. As announced in its 2024 full year results on 26 November 2024, the Group would note the following: · Topps Group is continuing to take market share in a difficult trading environment for RMI and especially bigger ticket spend: - In FY24, while the substantially weaker consumer environment saw Topps Group adjusted revenue decline 5.4% year on year, this was a substantial out-performance of an overall market which was estimated to be down 10-15% - Since 2019, the UK tile market is estimated to be down c.20%, whereas Group LFL revenue has remained flat, and total revenue has increased by 14.9% through successful inorganic growth such as the Pro-Tiler acquisition - In the first eight weeks of FY25, Group sales are up 1.2% (excluding CTD) · The Group announced strong initial progress against the five growth initiatives underpinning 'Mission 365', its strategic plan over the medium term to grow Group sales to £365 million, with an adjusted PBT margin of 8-10% · Specifically, the Group noted the development of its trade digital offer; the significant expansion of its addressable market into hard surface coverings; increased trade B2B opportunities with the acquisition of CTD Tiles; and further strong growth in online pureplay, with Pro Tiler revenue up over 30% · Topps Group has invested significantly in expanding its digital operations over the last five years and the business is truly omni-channel with 18% of group revenues coming from online, and investment in the Group's digital offer for trade customers driving further growth · The CTD acquisition is strategically compelling as it is a trade-focused brand which will significantly accelerate the Group's growth in the commercial market. The acquisition was completed after appropriate due diligence with advisors · A clear strategy and robust balance sheet with £38.7 million cash headroom leaves the Group well placed to deliver significant medium term growth Paul Forman, Chairman, said: "We engage with all our larger shareholders on a regular basis and listen closely to their views. Our strategy was reviewed in April and presented to shareholders in May, with further updates given last week. Further expansion of our digital capabilities is at the heart of many of these growth initiatives. Our latest results show that we continue to take market share, consistently outperforming the wider tile market despite very challenging trading conditions. We believe this demonstrates the effectiveness of our strategy, which has the full support of the Board." For further information please contact: Topps Tiles Plc Paul Forman, Chairman Rob Parker, CEO Stephen Hopson, CFO 0116 282 8000 Citigate Dewe Rogerson Kevin Smith 020 7638 9571 Notes to Editors Topps Tiles Plc is the UK's largest specialist supplier of tiles and associated products, targeting the UK domestic and commercial markets and serving homeowners, trade customers, architects, designers and contractors from 301 nationwide Topps Tiles stores, 30 CTD Tile stores, a range of direct business to business selling teams, and nine customer-facing websites: www.toppstiles.co.uk , www.parkside.co.uk , www.protilertools.co.uk , www.northantstools.co.uk , www.premiumtiletrim.co.uk , www.warmfloorstore.co.uk , www.flooringmaterials.co.uk , www.tilewarehouse.co.uk and www.ctdtiles.co.uk . Since opening its first store in 1963, Topps has maintained a simple operating philosophy ‐ inspiring customers with unrivalled product choice and providing exceptional levels of customer service. For further information on the Group, please visit www.toppsgroup.com This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Topps Tiles (TPT) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 2 days ago Ondo Insurtech 2 days ago Ondo Insurtech 2 days ago Sunbelt Rentals Holdings, Inc. 2 days ago Savannah Energy 2 days ago Savills All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and