Q4 Trading Update Topps Tiles PLC 02 October 2024 THE INFORMATION CONTAINED WITHIN THIS ANNOUNCEMENT IS DEEMED BY THE COMPANY TO CONSTITUTE INSIDE INFORMATION AS STIPULATED UNDER THE MARKET ABUSE REGULATION (EU) NO. 596/2014 AS IT FORMS PART OF UK DOMESTIC LAW PURSUANT TO THE EUROPEAN UNION (WITHDRAWAL) ACT 2018, AS AMENDED. UPON THE PUBLICATION OF THIS ANNOUNCEMENT VIA A REGULATORY INFORMATION SERVICE, THIS INFORMATION IS CONSIDERED TO BE IN THE PUBLIC DOMAIN. 2 October 2024 Topps Tiles Plc Q4 Trading Update Topps Tiles Plc ("Topps Group", or the "Group"), the UK's leading tile specialist, announces a trading update for the 52-week period ended 28 September 2024. Group sales for the year, excluding revenues from the assets acquired from the administrators of CTD 1 , were approximately £248 million, a decline of 5.7% from the Group record high of £263 million reported in the previous year and broadly in line with the year ending September 2022. Group sales in the fourth quarter were 4.4% lower 1 , a slight improvement on the trends seen across the rest of the year, largely reflecting the weaker comparatives from the end of FY23. The trading environment remained very challenging across the whole year with continued weak demand in the domestic Repair, Maintenance and Improvement ("RMI") sector, especially for bigger ticket projects. As previously announced, we believe that the market has declined by 10-15% year-on year, indicating that the Group has continued to outperform the wider market. Like-for-like sales 2 in Topps Tiles were 8.2% lower year-on-year in the fourth quarter with trading levels remaining stable. Like-for-like sales 1 for the year were 9.1% lower year-on-year. Sales to trade customers have continued to be more resilient than sales to homeowners. The remainder of our Group operations have performed significantly ahead of the market with this progress being driven by our Online Pure Play operations which are continuing to grow robustly. In August 2024, we announced the acquisition of the CTD Tiles brand, certain assets, direct selling teams and 30 stores for £9 million. Following receipt of an initial information request from the Competition and Markets Authority, the CMA has informed us that it intends to review the acquisition under UK merger control and we are now working with the CMA in connection with this process. Rob Parker, Topps Group CEO said: "We remain focused on the delivery of our new Mission 365 goal 3 . In a year that has proved challenging in many ways, I am pleased by how well our teams have responded to the weaker market, demonstrating both our resilience and our ability to continue to outperform. I am also satisfied that despite these challenges we have been able to continue to deliver against our strategy and take opportunities as they have arisen, supported by our strong balance sheet." "Looking ahead, macro-economic indicators point to a stronger market in 2025. While the timing and trajectory of the recovery remains hard to predict, we are confident that our clearly articulated and proven strategy will enable the further development of the Group in all market conditions." The Group will report its results for the 52-week period ended 28 September 2024 on 26 November 2024. Notes: 1 Group sales for FY24 are stated before year end accounting adjustments including revenue recognition, loyalty scheme accounting and customer returns provisions. Group sales exclude the impact of the CTD business which was acquired on 19 August 2024. 2 Topps Tiles like-for-like sales is defined as online sales and sales from Topps Tiles stores that have been trading for more than 52 weeks. 3 Goal to grow Group sales to £365 million per annum in the medium term For further information please contact: Topps Tiles Plc Rob Parker, CEO Stephen Hopson, CFO 0116 282 8000 Citigate Dewe Rogerson Kevin Smith Ellen Wilton 020 7638 9571 The person responsible for arranging the release of this announcement on behalf of Topps Tiles is Rob Parker, CEO. Notes to Editors Topps Tiles Plc is the UK's largest specialist supplier of tiles and associated products, targeting the UK domestic and commercial markets and serving homeowners, trade customers, architects, designers and contractors from 301 nationwide Topps Tiles stores, 30 CTD Tile stores, a range of direct business to business selling teams, and nine customer-facing websites: www.toppstiles.co.uk , www.parkside.co.uk , www.protilertools.co.uk , www.northantstools.co.uk , www.premiumtiletrim.co.uk , www.warmfloorstore.co.uk , www.flooringmaterials.co.uk , www.tilewarehouse.co.uk and www.ctdtiles.co.uk . Since opening its first store in 1963, Topps has maintained a simple operating philosophy ‐ inspiring customers with unrivalled product choice and providing exceptional levels of customer service. For further information on the Group, please visit www.toppsgroup.com This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Topps Tiles (TPT) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 2 days ago Ondo Insurtech 2 days ago Ondo Insurtech 2 days ago Sunbelt Rentals Holdings, Inc. 2 days ago Savannah Energy 2 days ago Savills All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and