BETA Close X Topps Tiles PLC reported a record year for turnover, with adjusted sales reaching approximately £265 million, a 6.8% increase year-on-year. Total Group sales, including CTD, were approximately £296 million, up 17.7% from the previous year. Like-for-like sales in Topps Tiles grew by 7.7% in the second half, up from 3.0% in the first half, resulting in 5.3% growth for the entire year. The company anticipates higher adjusted gross margins in the second half and expects adjusted profit for the year to align with market expectations, which range from £8.3 million to £9.2 million. The company successfully disposed of two of the four CTD sites required by the CMA and expects to complete the disposal of the remaining two imminently. Disclaimer* Topps Tiles PLC 01 October 2025 1 October 2025 Topps Tiles Plc Q4 Trading Update Record year for turnover; continued strategic progress Topps Tiles Plc ("Topps Group", or the "Group"), the UK's leading tile specialist, announces a trading update for the 52-week period ended 27 September 2025. The Group's strong trading performance has continued throughout the second half, resulting in another record year of turnover for the Group of approximately £265 million of adjusted sales 1 , up 6.8% year-on-year. Topps Group has now achieved record years for sales in four out of the last five years, demonstrating the Group's continued strategic progress, market-leading brands and world class customer service. Including CTD, total Group sales 1 in the year were approximately £296 million, up 17.7% year-on-year, making 2025 a key year for the Group as it progresses towards its 'Mission 365' goal of increasing total Group sales to £365 million in the medium term while achieving an adjusted profit before tax margin of between 8% and 10%. The improved sales performance has been widespread across the Group, with each part of the business (Topps Tiles, Parkside, Online Pure Play and CTD) reporting improved year-on-year performance in the second half of the year compared to the first half, and like-for-like sales in Topps Tiles 2 accelerating to 7.7% growth in the second half, up from 3.0% in the first half, and 5.3% for the year as a whole. As well as improving sales trends, the Group expects to deliver higher adjusted gross margins 3 in the second half than in the first half of the year. Costs increased in the second half of the year as a result of the increases in National Living Wage, National Insurance Contributions and performance-related pay (relating to stronger trading performance). As a result, adjusted profit for the year is expected to be in the range of market expectations 4 . The business expects to finish the year in a net positive cash position. The strong trading performance has been supported by continued strategic progress, with particular progress in the year in the areas of modernising the Topps Tiles trade digital experience, our increased business-to-business sales focus, and supporting the continued growth of Pro Tiler Tools. More information will be given in the full year results concerning our progress across all areas of the strategy. In CTD, of the four sites required for disposal by the CMA, the Group was pleased to conclude the disposal of two sites in September, with two more expected to complete imminently. Upon completion of these disposals the CMA's involvement with the Company will formally conclude. CTD remains strategically important to the business, particularly expanding the Group's activities with larger contractors, commercial partners and housebuilders and we remain excited about the opportunities to grow further in these markets. The Group was pleased to welcome Alex Jensen to Topps Group on 15 September as CEO designate. Alex will work alongside Rob Parker until the end of the calendar year, to provide an orderly transition. The process to recruit a permanent CFO is well under way and the Company expects to make an announcement before the end of the calendar year. Overall, the Group's improving trading momentum, strategic progress and strong balance sheet leave it well positioned to continue to grow sales and profit into 2026. The Group will announce its preliminary results for the year ended 27 September 2025 on 2 December 2025. Notes: 1 Group sales for FY25 are stated before year end accounting adjustments including revenue recognition, loyalty scheme accounting and customer returns provisions. In FY24 and FY25, Group adjusted sales exclude the impact of the CTD business which was acquired on 19 August 2024. The previous record year for sales was FY23, with Group sales of £262.7 million. 2 Topps Tiles like-for-like sales is defined as online sales made through Topps Tiles' digital channels, and sales from Topps Tiles stores that have been trading for more than 52 weeks, compared to the same period the previous year. 3 Adjusted gross margins excludes CTD operations in FY25. 4 Company compiled market expectations for adjusted profit before tax are in a range of £8.3 million to £9.2 million for FY25. For further information please contact: Topps Tiles Plc Rob Parker, CEO 0116 282 8000 Citigate Dewe Rogerson +44 (0) 20 7638 9571 Angharad Couch toppstiles@cdrconsultancy.com Notes to Editors Topps Tiles Plc is the UK's largest specialist supplier of tiles and associated products, targeting the UK domestic, commercial and housebuilder markets and serving homeowners, trade customers, contractors, architects and designers from 297 nationwide Topps Tiles stores, a commercial showroom in London, the CTD store estate and nine customer-facing websites: www.toppstiles.co.uk , www.parkside.co.uk , www.protilertools.co.uk , www.northantstools.co.uk , www.premiumtiletrim.co.uk , www.warmfloorstore.co.uk www.flooringmaterials.co.uk , www.tilewarehouse.co.uk and www.ctdtiles.co.uk . Since opening its first store in 1963, Topps has maintained a simple operating philosophy ‐ inspiring customers with unrivalled product choice and providing exceptional levels of customer service. For further information on the Group, please visit www.toppsgroup.com This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Topps Tiles (TPT) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 2 days ago Ondo Insurtech 2 days ago Ondo Insurtech 2 days ago Sunbelt Rentals Holdings, Inc. 2 days ago Savannah Energy 2 days ago Savills All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and