BETA Close X Topps Tiles Plc has announced that CEO Rob Parker and CEO designate Alex Jensen will present the company's Annual Results via Investor Meet Company on December 5, 2025, at 09:00 GMT. This live presentation is open to all existing and potential shareholders, with questions able to be submitted in advance by December 4, 2025, at 09:00 GMT, or during the event itself. Investors can register for free on the Investor Meet Company platform to attend. Disclaimer* Topps Tiles PLC 28 November 2025 28 November 2025 Topps Tiles Plc Investor Presentation via Investor Meet Company Topps Tiles Plc is pleased to announce that Rob Parker, CEO and Alex Jensen, CEO designate will provide a live presentation relating to the Annual Results via Investor Meet Company on 05 Dec 2025, 09:00 GMT. The presentation is open to all existing and potential shareholders. Questions can be submitted pre-event via your Investor Meet Company dashboard up until 04 Dec 2025, 09:00 GMT, or at any time during the live presentation. Investors can sign up to Investor Meet Company for free and add to meet Topps Tiles Plc via: https://www.investormeetcompany.com/topps-tiles-plc/register-investor Investors who already follow Topps Tiles Plc on the Investor Meet Company platform will automatically be invited. For further information please contact: Topps Tiles Plc +44 (0)116 282 8000 Joanne Steer, Company Secretary Joanne.steer@toppstiles.co.uk Citigate Dewe Rogerson +44 (0) 20 7638 9571 Angharad Couch toppstiles@citigatedewerogerson.com This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Topps Tiles (TPT) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 2 days ago Ondo Insurtech 2 days ago Ondo Insurtech 2 days ago Sunbelt Rentals Holdings, Inc. 2 days ago Savannah Energy 2 days ago Savills All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and