BETA Close X Topps Tiles PLC announced that Chief Executive Officer Robert Parker exercised nil-cost share options for 198,224 ordinary shares on December 18, 2025, under the 2013 Long Term Incentive Plan. The company's total issued share capital is now 196,681,818 ordinary shares, with the Employee Benefit Trust holding 573,963 ordinary shares for future employee share plan obligations. Disclaimer* Topps Tiles PLC 19 December 2025 Topps Tiles PLC 19 December 2025 Topps Tiles plc (the " Company ") PDMR Transactions The Company has been notified that on 18 December 2025, Robert Parker, exercised nil-cost share options in respect of 198,224 Ordinary Shares of 3.33 pence each in the capital of the Company in accordance with the rules of the Topps Tiles 2013 Long Term Incentive Plan (the " Exercise "). The notification set out in the table below is provided in accordance with the requirements of the UK Market Abuse Regulation 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / person closely associated a) Name Robert Parker 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/status Chief Executive Officer (PDMR) b) Initial notification /Amendment Initial notification 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name Topps Tiles PLC b) LEI 2138009NA4K1NTLN7Q97 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Ordinary shares of 3.33 pence each Identification Code GB00B18P5K83 b) Nature of the transaction Exercising of shares under Topps Tiles 2013 Long Term Incentive Plan c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price Volume £0.00 198,224 nil cost options Aggregated information - Aggregated volume - Price N/A e) Date of the transaction 18 December 2025 f) Place of the transaction Outside a trading venue - nil cost options Issued share capital and total voting rights The Company's total issued share capital, at the date of this announcement, is 196,681,818 ordinary shares with a nominal value of 3 and 1/3 pence each (the "Ordinary Shares" ) with one voting right per share. The Company does not hold any Ordinary Shares in treasury. The EBT now holds 573,963 Ordinary Shares. These Ordinary Shares will be held by the EBT, which is a discretionary trust for the benefit of Topps Tiles' employees, to meet future obligations arising under the Company's share plans. The EBT has waived its rights to exercise its voting rights and to receive dividends in respect of the Ordinary Shares held by it. This figure may be used by shareholders as the denominator for the calculations by which they will determine if they are required to notify their interest in, or a change to their interest in, the Company under the FCA's Disclosure and Transparency Rules. This announcement is made in accordance with DTR 5.6.1R. For further information please contact: Joanne Steer, Company Secretary, Topps Tiles Plc 0116 2828000 Joanne.steer@toppstiles.co.uk Notes to Editors: Topps Tiles Plc is the UK's largest specialist supplier of tiles and associated products, targeting the UK domestic, commercial and housebuilder markets and serving homeowners, trade customers, contractors, architects and designers from 297 nationwide Topps Tiles stores, a commercial showroom in London, the CTD store estate and nine customer-facing websites: www.toppstiles.co.uk , www.parkside.co.uk , www.protilertools.co.uk , www.northantstools.co.uk , www.premiumtiletrim.co.uk , www.warmfloorstore.co.uk www.flooringmaterials.co.uk , www.tilewarehouse.co.uk and www.ctdtiles.co.uk . Since opening its first store in 1963, Topps has maintained a simple operating philosophy ‐ inspiring customers with unrivalled product choice and providing exceptional levels of customer service. For further information on the Group, please visit www.toppsgroup.com This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Topps Tiles (TPT) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 2 days ago Ondo Insurtech 2 days ago Ondo Insurtech 2 days ago Sunbelt Rentals Holdings, Inc. 2 days ago Savannah Energy 2 days ago Savills All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and