BETA Close X Topps Tiles plc has announced its issued share capital and total voting rights as of April 30, 2026. The company's total issued ordinary shares are 196,681,818, with no shares held in treasury. An Employee Benefit Trust (EBT) now holds 880,363 ordinary shares to satisfy future share plan obligations, and has waived its voting and dividend rights for these shares. Consequently, the total number of voting rights in the company available to shareholders is 195,801,455, which shareholders should use as the denominator for calculating their notification requirements under the Financial Conduct Authority's Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rules. Disclaimer* Topps Tiles PLC 30 April 2026 30 April 2026 Topps Tiles plc ("Topps Tiles" or the "Company") Issued Share Capital and Total Voting Rights As at the date of this announcement, the Company's total issued share capital consists of 196,681,818 ordinary shares with a nominal value of 3 and 1/3 pence each ("Ordinary Shares"), with voting rights. The Company does not hold any Ordinary Shares in treasury. The EBT now holds 880,363 Ordinary Shares. These shares will be held by the EBT, which is a discretionary trust for the benefit of Topps Tiles' employees, to meet future obligations arising under the Company's share plans. The EBT has waived its right to exercise its voting rights and to receive dividends in respect of the Ordinary Shares held by it. Accordingly, the total number of voting rights in the Company is 195,801,455. This figure may be used by shareholders as the denominator for the calculations by which they will determine if they are required to notify their interest in, or a change to their interest in, the Company under the Financial Conduct Authority's Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rules ("DTRs"). This announcement is made in accordance with DTR5.6.1R. For further information please contact: Joanne Steer, Company Secretary, Topps Tiles Plc 0116 2828000 Joanne.steer@toppstiles.co.uk This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Topps Tiles (TPT) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 2 days ago Ondo Insurtech 2 days ago Ondo Insurtech 2 days ago Sunbelt Rentals Holdings, Inc. 2 days ago Savannah Energy 2 days ago Savills All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and