Q3 Trading Update Topps Tiles PLC 02 July 2025 2 July 2025 Topps Tiles Plc Q3 Trading Update Strong trading momentum continues Topps Tiles Plc ("Topps Group", or the "Group"), the UK's leading tile specialist, announces a third quarter trading update for the 39-week period ended 28 June 2025. Strong trading momentum has continued through the third quarter. Group adjusted sales 1 were up 10.1% in the third quarter, a notable acceleration compared to 4.1% growth in the first half. On a year-to-date basis, Group adjusted sales were 6.1% higher year-on-year. The sales trajectory has improved across all divisions in the Group, with Topps Tiles, Parkside and Online Pure Play (Pro Tiler Tools and Tile Warehouse) all delivering higher growth rates in the most recent quarter than in the first half. Like-for-like sales 2 in the Topps Tiles brand increased 7.3% in the third quarter and are up 4.4% on a year-to-date basis. Trade sales remain stronger than homeowner sales, although sales to homeowners are also showing signs of improvement. The stronger sales growth was underpinned by further increases in Topps Tiles' active trade customers 3 , up 12% year-on-year to 150,000, and Group online sales, which accelerated from 19.8% of adjusted sales in the first half to 21.9% of adjusted sales in the third quarter. Adjusted gross margins continue to improve and we expect Group adjusted gross margin in the second half to be slightly higher than in the first half of the year. As previously noted, the cost environment does continue to remain challenging, with c. £4 million of further cost increases on an annualised basis from April 2025 as a result of the recent changes to National Insurance rates and thresholds, together with the increase in National Living Wage. In addition, the Group expects performance-related pay to be higher in the second half, as profits increase. Given the strong growth in sales, improved gross margins and cost management actions, the Group expects operating costs in the second half to grow at a lower rate than gross profits. Rapid progress has been made in CTD since the conclusion of the CMA investigation and the Group remains confident that CTD will be at least breakeven by the fourth quarter 4 . Following this period of stabilisation, the Group will seek to meaningfully grow this strategically important business in 2026 and beyond, particularly expanding the Group's activities with larger contractors, commercial partners and housebuilders. Good strategic progress continues across the five main growth levers which will deliver the Group's 'Mission 365' goal: modernising the trade digital experience, expanding into new coverings categories, increasing the business-to-business sales focus, growing Pro Tiler Tools and establishing Tile Warehouse. During the quarter, the business has been preparing to relaunch the Topps Tiles trade website, providing enhanced functionality, and is in the final stages of preparation for the launch of a new customer engagement platform, which will provide a step-change in the Group's ability to interact digitally with customers, including personalised marketing. The continued progress made in all aspects of the Mission 365 plan give the Group confidence in its ability to deliver meaningful growth in sales and profits, this year and into the medium term. Notes: 1 Group adjusted sales exclude sales from the CTD brand. 2 Topps Tiles like-for-like sales are defined as sales from Topps Tiles stores that have been trading for more than 52 weeks and sales made through Topps Tiles' digital channels. 3 Active trade customers are registered trade customers in Topps Tiles who have shopped with the brand in the last 12 months. 4 The performance of CTD has been excluded from all adjusted performance metrics in FY25. For further information please contact: Topps Tiles Plc Rob Parker, CEO Stephen Hopson, CFO 0116 282 8000 Citigate Dewe Rogerson +44 (0) 20 7638 9571 Angharad Couch toppstiles@cdrconsultancy.com Notes to Editors Topps Tiles Plc is the UK's largest specialist supplier of tiles and associated products, targeting the UK domestic, commercial and housebuilder markets and serving homeowners, trade customers, contractors, architects and designers from 297 nationwide Topps Tiles stores, a commercial showroom in London, the CTD store estate and nine customer-facing websites: www.toppstiles.co.uk , www.parkside.co.uk , www.protilertools.co.uk , www.northantstools.co.uk , www.premiumtiletrim.co.uk , www.warmfloorstore.co.uk www.flooringmaterials.co.uk , www.tilewarehouse.co.uk and www.ctdtiles.co.uk . Since opening its first store in 1963, Topps has maintained a simple operating philosophy ‐ inspiring customers with unrivalled product choice and providing exceptional levels of customer service. For further information on the Group, please visit www.toppsgroup.com This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Topps Tiles (TPT) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 2 days ago Ondo Insurtech 2 days ago Ondo Insurtech 2 days ago Sunbelt Rentals Holdings, Inc. 2 days ago Savannah Energy 2 days ago Savills All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and