BETA Close X Topps Tiles Plc has applied to the London Stock Exchange for the admission of 1,900,000 ordinary shares, each with a nominal value of 3.33 pence, to trading on the main market. These shares will be issued from time to time to satisfy the exercise of options under the Company's 3-year Save As You Earn scheme, and they will rank pari passu with existing ordinary shares. Admission is expected to occur at 8am on 27 March 2026. Disclaimer* Topps Tiles PLC 25 March 2026 Topps Tiles Plc (the "Company") Block Admission Application The Company announces that an application has been made to the London Stock Exchange for 1,900,000 ordinary shares of 3.33 pence each ("Ordinary Shares"), for admission to trading on the main market of the London Stock Exchange. The Shares will be allotted and issued, from time to time, to satisfy the exercise of options granted under the Topps Tiles 3-year Save As You Earn ('SAYE') Scheme. The Shares shall rank pari passu with the existing issued ordinary shares of the Company. It is expected that admission will take place at 8am on 27 March 2026. Enquiries: Topps Tiles Plc +44(0)1162828000 Joanne Steer, Company Secretary Joanne.steer@toppstiles.co.uk Notes to Editors Topps Tiles Plc is the UK's largest specialist supplier of tiles and associated products, targeting the UK domestic, commercial and housebuilder markets and serving homeowners, trade customers, contractors, architects and designers from 296 nationwide Topps Tiles stores, a commercial showroom in London, the CTD store estate and various customer-facing websites: www.toppstiles.co.uk, www.parkside.co.uk, www.protilertools.co.uk, www.northantstools.co.uk, www.premiumtiletrim.co.uk, www.warmfloorstore.co.uk www.flooringmaterials.co.uk, www.tilewarehouse.co.uk, www.ctdtiles.co.uk and www.firedearth.com. Since opening its first store in 1963, Topps has maintained a simple operating philosophy ‐ inspiring customers with unrivalled product choice and providing exceptional levels of customer service. For further information on the Group, please visit www.toppsgroup.com This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Topps Tiles (TPT) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 2 days ago Ondo Insurtech 2 days ago Ondo Insurtech 2 days ago Sunbelt Rentals Holdings, Inc. 2 days ago Savannah Energy 2 days ago Savills All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and