First Half Trading Update Topps Tiles PLC 02 April 2025 2 April 2025 Topps Tiles Plc First Half Trading Update Accelerating LFL sales growth in Q2; strong progress on Trade and Digital Topps Tiles Plc ("Topps Group", or the "Group"), the UK's leading tile specialist, announces a trading update for the 26-week period ended 29 March 2025. Group sales (excluding CTD 1 ) in the first half were £127.7 million 2 , 4.0% higher than the previous year, with underlying sales growth 3 in the second quarter of 4.4% after adjusting for the timing of holiday periods, up from 3.3% underlying growth 3 in the first quarter. While trading through January was slower, volumes began to build progressively thereafter, with this improving trend culminating in a strong performance in March, when the Group's underlying sales 3 (excluding CTD) increased by a high single digit percentage compared to the previous year. Underlying like-for-like sales 3 within the Topps Tiles brand were 3.7% higher year-on-year in the second quarter and like-for-like sales were 3.0% higher in the first half overall. While homeowner sales remain subdued, trade sales within Topps Tiles were strong and progress with our digital initiatives continued at pace, in line with our 'Mission 365' growth strategy. Total trade sales in the Topps Tiles brand were 12% higher year on year in the first half, with the number of active traders at the end of the period up 11% year on year to 146,000. Sales made through Topps Tiles' digital channels were up 15% in the first half, and online trade traffic was up approximately four-fold. Strategically, the brand continued to make good progress with the development of its new customer engagement platform and trade app, which will launch in 2025 and 2026 respectively. Sales in Pro Tiler Tools and Tile Warehouse continued to grow strongly year on year. The Group's focus on rebuilding profitability, including a review of product pricing, product mix and discount structures has, in recent weeks, delivered a strong improvement in gross margins, despite the continued increases in trade mix. The Group also made good progress with its other 'Mission 365' growth initiatives, with additional category extensions, including the in-store launch of splashbacks and acoustic panels, and increasing clarity on the Group's B2B strategy. Operationally, the new 140,000 square foot warehouse in Northampton has been performing well and has supported Pro Tiler Tools' continued strong sales growth trajectory. In addition, the CTD supply chain operation has now been relocated to this facility, enabling the closure of the existing CTD warehousing during the period. More widely, further investments are being made into the Group's core systems and marketing platforms to enable future sales growth. The external cost environment remains challenging, including the forthcoming increases in National Living Wage and National Insurance which will collectively increase the Group's cost base by c. £4 million on an annualised basis from April 2025. As announced in the 2024 results, the timing of holiday pay accruals (exacerbated by the later Easter year on year), seasonally higher energy usage in the first half, investments in strategic growth and the timing of the sales recovery will result in the Group's profits in 2025 being weighted significantly towards the second half of the financial year. The Group has made good progress in identifying potential candidates to succeed Rob Parker as Chief Executive, with a high degree of interest expressed. In relation to the acquisition of CTD, as previously reported the Group is pleased to note that the CMA has approved in principle its proposed undertakings to dispose of four stores in lieu of a Phase II investigation. Rob Parker, Chief Executive, said: "Following our return to sales growth in the early weeks of the year, we are pleased to see this trend accelerate in the second quarter, driven by some initial signs of success from our new strategic initiatives, including an improved trader digital experience and further category extensions. Whilst macroeconomic indicators remain mixed, we remain focused on the delivery of our strategy which we are confident will lead to the achievement of our Mission 365 goal over the medium term." The Group will announce its half year results on Tuesday 20 May 2025. Note 1 - The Group's acquisition of the brand and certain assets of CTD Tiles, as announced on 19 August 2024, remains under investigation by the Competition and Markets Authority, and the Group is therefore unable to report on the financial performance of this part of the Group. Note 2 - All revenue numbers are stated before accounting adjustments including revenue recognition adjustments and customer returns provisions which will be included in the Interim Results. Note 3 - Both the first and second quarters have been impacted by the movement in holiday dates, with the first quarter this year supported by fewer Christmas holiday days when compared to last year, and the second quarter supported by the movement of Good Friday into Q3. The net estimated impact of the period end movement on Group sales by quarter is shown below: Year to September 2025 Group sales excluding CTD Weeks 1-13 Weeks 14-26 Weeks 1-26 Reported year-on-year sales growth 4.6% 3.3% 4.0% Estimated impact of period end timing 1.3% (1.1)% 0.1% Underlying year-on-year sales growth 3.3% 4.4% 3.9% For further information please contact: Topps Tiles Plc Rob Parker, CEO Stephen Hopson, CFO 0116 282 8000 Citigate Dewe Rogerson Kevin Smith 020 7638 9571 Notes to Editors Topps Tiles Plc is the UK's largest specialist supplier of tiles and associated products, targeting the UK domestic and commercial markets and serving homeowners, trade customers, architects, designers and contractors from 299 nationwide Topps Tiles stores, a commercial showroom in London and nine customer-facing websites: www.toppstiles.co.uk , www.parkside.co.uk , www.protilertools.co.uk , www.northantstools.co.uk , www.premiumtiletrim.co.uk , www.warmfloorstore.co.uk www.flooringmaterials.co.uk , www.tilewarehouse.co.uk and www.ctdtiles.co.uk . Since opening its first store in 1963, Topps has maintained a simple operating philosophy ‐ inspiring customers with unrivalled product choice and providing exceptional levels of customer service. For further information on the Group, please visit www.toppsgroup.com This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Topps Tiles (TPT) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 2 days ago Ondo Insurtech 2 days ago Ondo Insurtech 2 days ago Sunbelt Rentals Holdings, Inc. 2 days ago Savannah Energy 2 days ago Savills All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and