CEO Appointment and Directorate Changes Topps Tiles PLC 26 June 2025 26 June 2025 Topps Tiles Plc CEO Appointment and Directorate Changes Topps Tiles Plc ("Topps Group", the "Company" or together with its subsidiary undertakings, the "Group"), the UK's leading tile specialist, announces a leadership succession update. Chief Executive Officer Appointment Following the announcement made in January regarding current CEO Rob Parker's intention to retire from the business, the Company is pleased to announce the appointment of Alex Jensen as the Company's new CEO. Alex was most recently CEO of National Express UK, Ireland & Germany and previously had an extensive career at BP plc ("bp"), where she led the transformation of bp's retail and B2B fleet services, both as divisional CEO (across 15 markets, and several thousand branded service stations and shops) and as Global Chief Marketing Officer (accountable for brand, offer proposition, digital and customer loyalty programmes). Alex is currently a Non-Executive Director and Chair of the Sustainability Committee at Inchcape plc and is also a Trustee for Mind, the mental health charity. Alex will join the business as CEO Designate on 15 September 2025 and will be appointed to the Board as an Executive Director. Rob will remain in post until towards the end of the year, allowing for an orderly transfer of responsibilities. Commenting on the appointment, Paul Forman, Chair of the Board said: "We are delighted to announce the appointment of Alex as the new CEO of the Group. Alex brings extensive retail, multi-site and digital experience as well as a proven record of value creation. I am confident that Alex will be instrumental in helping us deliver our goal of Mission 365, creating value for all stakeholders. "After almost two decades with the business, we will be sad to see Rob leave us and are incredibly grateful for the contribution he has made over that time as both CFO and CEO. We wish him the very best for the future." Commenting on her appointment, Alex Jensen said: "I'm thrilled to be joining Topps Group at such an exciting stage in its journey. With its trusted brands, digital platforms, expert teams and loyal customer base, the business is well positioned for growth. I'm committed to unlocking the full growth potential of the Group and look forward to working with the Executive Team and the Board to continue delivering value for all stakeholders." Directorate Changes The Group also announces that CFO Stephen Hopson, will be leaving the business to join Marston's Plc as its new CFO. Mike Killick has been appointed as interim CFO and will work alongside Stephen to ensure an orderly succession before his departure on 3 September. Mike is an experienced CFO having previously performed the role in a range of businesses across retail, multi-site and public company environments including Pod Point Group Holdings Plc, Restore Plc, Peacocks, Thorntons and Jones Bootmaker. A search for a permanent CFO will be led by Alex Jensen and will commence in due course. The role of interim CFO is not a main Board appointment. Paul Forman added: "Stephen has been an exemplary CFO and the Board extends its heartfelt thanks to him and wishes him the very best for the future and his new opportunity. We are delighted to have been able to appoint a candidate of Mike's calibre as interim CFO. Mike brings with him extensive CFO experience and I am confident will provide strong leadership to the business through this period." The remuneration arrangements for Alex Jensen as the Company's new Group CEO, and Stephen Hopson, departing CFO, shall be in accordance with directors' remuneration policy as approved by shareholders at the 2023 AGM. Full disclosure of their remuneration arrangements shall be included in the 2025 Annual Report. This announcement includes the information required by the UK Listing Rules 6.4.6 to 6.4.8, and there is no information to report under Listing Rule 6.4.8R (2) - (6) inclusive in relation to Alexandra ( Alex ) Naomi Jensen. Enquiries: Topps Tiles Plc +44 (0)116 282 8000 Joanne Steer, Company Secretary Joanne.steer@toppstiles.co.uk Citigate Dewe Rogerson +44 (0) 20 7638 9571 Angharad Couch toppstiles@citigatedewerogerson.com Notes to Editors Topps Tiles Plc is the UK's largest specialist supplier of tiles and associated products, targeting the UK domestic, commercial and housebuilder markets and serving homeowners, trade customers, contractors, architects and designers from 297 nationwide Topps Tiles stores, a commercial showroom in London, the CTD store estate and nine customer-facing websites: www.toppstiles.co.uk , www.parkside.co.uk , www.protilertools.co.uk , www.northantstools.co.uk , www.premiumtiletrim.co.uk , www.warmfloorstore.co.uk www.flooringmaterials.co.uk , www.tilewarehouse.co.uk and www.ctdtiles.co.uk . Since opening its first store in 1963, Topps has maintained a simple operating philosophy ‐ inspiring customers with unrivalled product choice and providing exceptional levels of customer service. For further information on the Group, please visit www.toppsgroup.com This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Topps Tiles (TPT) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 2 days ago Ondo Insurtech 2 days ago Ondo Insurtech 2 days ago Sunbelt Rentals Holdings, Inc. 2 days ago Savannah Energy 2 days ago Savills All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and