BETA Close X Endeavour Mining plc has applied to the London Stock Exchange for the admission of 1,512,237 ordinary shares, expected on April 10, 2026, to satisfy employee share awards. These new shares will rank equally with existing shares, bringing the total issued ordinary shares to 242,275,497, assuming no share buybacks. The company holds no treasury shares. Disclaimer* Endeavour Announces Application for Admission of Shares ENDEAVOUR ANNOUNCES APPLICATION FOR ADMISSION OF SHARES London, 9 April 2026 – Endeavour Mining plc (LSE:EDV, TSX:EDV) (“the Company”) announces that an application has been made to the London Stock Exchange plc (the “LSE”) for 1,512,237 ordinary shares of US$0.01 each in the Company ("New Shares") to be admitted trading on the main market for listed securities of the LSE. The New Shares are to satisfy the exercise of share awards under the Company’s employee performance share plans and will rank pari passu with existing issued shares. Subject to approval from the LSE, the New Shares are expected to be admitted on 10 April 2026. Subject to share buybacks, the Company will have 242,275,497 ordinary shares in issue. The Company does not hold any shares in Treasury. CONTACT INFORMATION For Investor Relations Enquiries: For Media Enquiries: Jack Garman Brunswick Group LLP in London Vice President of Investor Relations Carole Cable, Partner +44 203 011 2723 +44 207 404 5959 investor@endeavourmining.com ccable@brunswickgroup.com ABOUT ENDEAVOUR MINING PLC Endeavour Mining is one of the world’s senior gold producers and the largest in West Africa, with operating assets across Senegal, Cote d’Ivoire and Burkina Faso and a strong portfolio of advanced development projects and exploration assets. A member of the World Gold Council, Endeavour is committed to the principles of responsible mining and delivering sustainable value to its employees, stakeholders and the communities where it operates. Endeavour is admitted to listing and to trading on the London Stock Exchange and the Toronto Stock Exchange, under the symbol EDV. For more information, please visit www.endeavourmining.com . Attachment Listing application EDV plc April 2026 clean AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Endeavour Mining (EDV) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 6 minutes ago Tesco 12 minutes ago Franchise Brands 28 minutes ago Ashoka India Equity Investment Trust 58 minutes ago STV Group 1 hour ago Polar Capital Global Financials Trust All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and