BETA Close X Endeavour Mining plc reports a fatal accident involving a contractor at its Lafigué mine in Cote d’Ivoire on May 29th, which occurred during water drainage activities. While contractor activities were temporarily halted, processing operations at the mine have continued without interruption. The company is conducting a thorough investigation into the incident, emphasizing that the health and safety of its employees remain its highest priority. Disclaimer* Endeavour Reports Fatal Accident at Lafigué Mine ENDEAVOUR REPORTS FATAL ACCIDENT AT LAFIGUÉ MINE London, 1 June 2026 – Endeavour Mining plc (LSE:EDV, TSX:EDV, OTCQX:EDVMF) (“Endeavour” or the “Company”) regrets to report that a contractor colleague passed away on 29 May following a heavy mining equipment incident that occurred during water drainage activities, being carried out by a civil engineering contractor, at the Lafigué mine in Cote d’Ivoire. All relevant authorities have been informed, and Endeavour is conducting a comprehensive investigation into the incident to understand its root causes. Contractor activities were temporarily paused, while processing operations continued uninterrupted. The health, safety and welfare of our colleagues remain our top priority and we extend our sincere sympathies and support to our contractor colleague’s family, colleagues and friends. CONTACT INFORMATION For Investor Relations Enquiries: For Media Enquiries: Jack Garman Brunswick Group LLP in London Vice President of Investor Relations Carole Cable, Partner +44 203 011 2723 +44 7974 982 458 investor@endeavourmining.com ccable@brunswickgroup.com ABOUT ENDEAVOUR MINING PLC Endeavour Mining is one of the world’s senior gold producers and the largest in West Africa, with operating assets across Senegal, Cote d’Ivoire and Burkina Faso and a strong portfolio of advanced development projects and exploration assets. A member of the World Gold Council, Endeavour is committed to the principles of responsible mining and delivering sustainable value to its employees, stakeholders and the communities where it operates. Endeavour is admitted to listing and to trading on the London Stock Exchange and the Toronto Stock Exchange, under the symbol EDV. For more information, please visit www.endeavourmining.com . Attachment 260601 - NR - Fatality at Lafigue AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Endeavour Mining (EDV) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 6 minutes ago Tesco 12 minutes ago Franchise Brands 28 minutes ago Ashoka India Equity Investment Trust 58 minutes ago STV Group 1 hour ago Polar Capital Global Financials Trust All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and