BETA Close X Endeavour Mining plc has repurchased 30,000 of its ordinary shares at a volume weighted average price of GBp 4,580.75 per share on 24 April 2026, as part of its previously announced buy-back programme. Following the cancellation of these shares, the company will have 242,053,997 ordinary shares in issue, with the total voting rights remaining at this figure, which shareholders can use for disclosure calculations. Disclaimer* Transaction in Own Shares ENDEAVOUR ANNOUNCES TRANSACTION IN OWN SHARES London, 27 April 2026 – Endeavour Mining plc (LSE:EDV, TSX:EDV) (“the Company”) announces it has purchased the following number of its ordinary shares of USD 0.01 each from Stifel Nicolaus Europe Limited. Aggregated information Dates of purchase: 24 April 2026 Aggregate number of ordinary shares of USD 0.01 each purchased: 30,000 Lowest price paid per share (GBp): 4,580.75 Highest price paid per share (GBp): 4,580.75 Volume weighted average price paid per share (GBp): 4,580.75 Following the cancellation of the repurchased shares, the Company will have no ordinary shares in treasury and 242,053,997 ordinary shares in issue. Therefore the total voting rights in the Company will be 242,053,997. This figure for the total number of voting rights may be used by shareholders as the denominator for the calculations by which they will determine if they are required to notify their interest in, or a change to their interest in, the Company under the FCA’s Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rules. These share purchases form part of the Company’s buy-back programme announced on 20 March 2026. Transaction details In accordance with Article 5(1)(b) of Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 (the Market Abuse Regulation), the table below contains detailed information of the individual trades made by Stifel Nicolaus Europe Limited as part of the buyback programme. Schedule of purchases Shares purchased: Endeavour Mining plc (ISIN: GB00BL6K5J42) Dates of purchases: 24 April 2026 Investment firm: Stifel Nicolaus Europe Limited Individual transactions Transaction date and time Volume Price (GBp) Trading Venue 24 Apr 2026, 06:04 AM 30,000 4,580.75 TSX* *84.7026CAD/share, CAD/GBP 1.8491 CONTACT INFORMATION For Investor Relations Enquiries: For Media Enquiries: Jack Garman Brunswick Group LLP in London Vice President of Investor Relations Carole Cable, Partner +44 203 011 2723 + 44 207 404 5959 investor@endeavourmining.com ccable@brunswickgroup.com ABOUT ENDEAVOUR MINING PLC Endeavour Mining is one of the world’s senior gold producers and the largest in West Africa, with operating assets across Senegal, Cote d’Ivoire and Burkina Faso and a strong portfolio of advanced development projects and exploration assets in the highly prospective Birimian Greenstone Belt across West Africa. A member of the World Gold Council, Endeavour is committed to the principles of responsible mining and delivering sustainable value to its employees, stakeholders and the communities where it operates. Endeavour is admitted to listing and to trading on the London Stock Exchange and the Toronto Stock Exchange, under the symbol EDV. For more information, please visit www.endeavourmining.com . CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION This news release contains "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of applicable securities laws. All statements, other than statements of historical fact, are "forward-looking statements". Generally, these forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology such as "expects", "expected", "budgeted", "forecasts", and "anticipates". Forward-looking statements, while based on management's best estimates and assumptions, are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to be materially different from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements, including but not limited to: risks related to the successful integration of acquisitions; risks related to international operations; risks related to general economic conditions and credit availability, actual results of current exploration activities, unanticipated reclamation expenses; changes in project parameters as plans continue to be refined; fluctuations in prices of metals including gold; fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, increases in market prices of mining consumables, possible variations in ore reserves, grade or recovery rates; failure of plant, equipment or processes to operate as anticipated; accidents, labour disputes, title disputes, claims and limitations on insurance coverage and other risks of the mining industry; delays in the completion of development or construction activities, changes in national and local government regulation of mining operations, tax rules and regulations, and political and economic developments in countries in which Endeavour operates. Although Endeavour has attempted to identify important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in forward-looking statements, there may be other factors that cause results not to be as anticipated, estimated or intended. There can be no assurance that such statements will prove to be accurate, as actual results and future events could differ materially from those anticipated in such statements. Accordingly, readers should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements. Please refer to Endeavour's most recent Annual Information Form filed under its profile at www.sedarplus.ca for further information respecting the risks affecting Endeavour and its business. Attachment Transaction in own shares AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Endeavour Mining (EDV) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 6 hours ago Savills 7 hours ago Berkeley Group Holdings (The) 7 hours ago Great Southern Copper 7 hours ago OSB Group 7 hours ago Taylor Wimpey All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and