BETA Close X Endeavour Mining Plc has announced its total voting rights as of the close of business on March 31, 2026. The company's issued ordinary share capital stands at 242,362,242 ordinary shares, with no shares held in treasury, resulting in a total of 242,362,242 voting rights. This figure will serve as the denominator for shareholders calculating their notification obligations under the FCA's Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rules. Disclaimer* Total Voting Rights TOTAL VOTING RIGHTS London, 01 April 2026 – Endeavour Mining Plc (LEI: 529900NI5MXQ91GHXR07, LSE: EDV, TSX:EDV) (“the Company”) The following notification is made in accordance with the UK Financial Conduct Authority's (“FCA’s”) Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rule 5.6. As at close of business on 31 March 2026, the issued ordinary share capital of the Company was 242,362,242 ordinary shares of US$0.01 each. There were no ordinary shares held in treasury pending cancellation and therefore the total number of voting rights in the Company was 242,362,242 This figure for the total number of voting rights may be used by shareholders as the denominator for the calculations by which they will determine if they are required to notify their interest in, or a change to their interest in, the Company under the FCA's Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rules. CONTACT INFORMATION Jack Garman Vice President, Investor Relations +44 203 011 2723 jack.garman@endeavourmining.com Brunswick Group LLP in London Carole Cable, Partner +44 207 404 5959 ccable@brunswickgroup.com ABOUT ENDEAVOUR MINING PLC Endeavour Mining is one of the world’s senior gold producers and the largest in West Africa, with operating assets across Senegal, Côte d’Ivoire and Burkina Faso and a strong portfolio of advanced development projects and exploration assets. A member of the World Gold Council, Endeavour is committed to the principles of responsible mining and delivering sustainable value to its employees, stakeholders and the communities where it operates. Endeavour is admitted to listing and to trading on the London Stock Exchange and the Toronto Stock Exchange, under the symbol EDV. For more information, please visit www.endeavourmining.com. Attachment 2026.04.01 TVR as of 31 March 2026 PDF attachment AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Endeavour Mining (EDV) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 6 hours ago Savills 7 hours ago Berkeley Group Holdings (The) 7 hours ago Great Southern Copper 7 hours ago OSB Group 7 hours ago Taylor Wimpey All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and