BETA Close X Endeavour Mining plc has published its Notice of Annual General Meeting, which will be held on May 21, 2026, at 2:00 pm London time. The notice, along with the Management Information Circular and Form of Proxy, has been made available to shareholders and submitted to the Financial Conduct Authority for inspection via the National Storage Mechanism. The AGM will be an in-person event at 20 Ropemaker Street, London, with shareholders also able to listen to a live audio webcast and participate in a Q&A. Further details on voting and proxy appointments are included in the Notice of AGM, which is also available on SEDAR+ and the company's website. Disclaimer* Notice of 2026 AGM ENDEAVOUR PUBLISHES NOTICE OF 2026 ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING London, 07 April 2026 – Endeavour Mining plc (LSE:EDV, TSX: EDV, OTCQX: EDVMF) (“Endeavour” or the “Group” or the “Company”) announces that it will hold its 2026 Annual General Meeting (“AGM") on 21 May 2026 at 2.00 pm (London time) / 9.00 am (Toronto time). A copy of the Notice of AGM, included in the Management Information Circular, and Form of Proxy have been posted or otherwise made available to shareholders. Furthermore, in compliance with UK Listing Rule 14.3.6R, these documents have been submitted to the Financial Conduct Authority and will shortly be available for inspection via the National Storage Mechanism at https://data.fca.org.uk/#/nsm/nationalstoragemechanism In addition, the Notice of AGM included in the Management Information Circular will shortly be filed under the Company’s profile at https://www.sedarplus.ca/ and is available to view on the Company’s website at www.endeavourmining.com . The Company's AGM will be held as an in-person meeting at 20 Ropemaker Street, London, England, EC2Y 9AR. Shareholders can listen to the live audio webcast and ask questions via the Q&A messaging function during the meeting. Further information, including how to vote or appoint a proxy in respect of the AGM, is set out in the Notice of AGM. CONTACT INFORMATION Jack Garman Vice President, Investor Relations +442030112723 jack.garman@endeavourmining.com Brunswick Group LLP in London Carole Cable, Partner +442074045959 ccable@brunswickgroup.com ABOUT ENDEAVOUR MINING PLC Endeavour Mining is one of the world’s senior gold producers and the largest in West Africa, with operating assets across Senegal, Cote d’Ivoire and Burkina Faso and a strong portfolio of advanced development projects and exploration assets in the highly prospective Birimian Greenstone Belt across West Africa. A member of the World Gold Council, Endeavour is committed to the principles of responsible mining and delivering sustainable value to its employees, stakeholders and the communities where it operates. Endeavour is admitted to listing and to trading on the London Stock Exchange and the Toronto Stock Exchange, under the symbol EDV. For more information, please visit www.endeavourmining.com . Attachment AGM Notice 2026 release AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Endeavour Mining (EDV) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 6 hours ago Savills 7 hours ago Berkeley Group Holdings (The) 7 hours ago Great Southern Copper 7 hours ago OSB Group 7 hours ago Taylor Wimpey All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and