\

INING

Delivering
sustainable
value

Endeavour Mining pic
Annual Report 2023

Endeavour Mining is one of the
world’s leading gold producers
and the largest in West Africa.

We are committed to responsible mining and delivering
sustainable value to our employees, stakeholders and
the communities in which we operate.

Overview Governance Financial statements

01 2023 in review 140 Chair's introduction to Govemance 176 Independent auditors’ report

02 Our purpose 144 Our Board 185 Consolidated financial statements

03 Our values in action 146 Our Executive Management Team 189 Notes to the consolidated

04 Ataglance 148 Our Governance framework financial statements
121. Board leadership and 243 Company financial statements

Strategic report ‘Company purpose 245 Notes to the financial statements
124 Stakeholder engagement

06 Chair's statement 126 Division of responsibilities Additional information

10 Chief Executive's statement 128 Corporate Govemance and

44 Our business model Nominating Committee report 248 Detailed reserves and resources

46 Market overview 134 Audit Committee report 254 Cautionary note on forwardlooking

20 Strategic progress 149 Technical, Health and statements

26 Key performance indicators Safety committee 255 Glossary

30 Our sustainability approach 450 Environmental, Social and 256 Definitions

38 How we make decisions Governance committee

43° $172 statement 154. Directors’ Remuneration report

46 Chief Operating Officer's statement 156 Remuneration at a glance —

50 Operating review 158 Annual report on remuneration

60 Chief Financial Officer's statement 168 Directors’ report

62 Financial review 174 Directors’ responsibility statement

72 Risk management and

principal risks
86 Task Force on Climaterelated

Financial Disclosures Report 2023
104 Viability statement
406 Non-financial information statement

endeavourmining.com
© Endeavour Mining

X  @endeavourmining
JN Endeavour Mining

peLO

Chief Executive's statement

peL4

Our business model

pe00

Operating review

Endeavour Mining plc
Annual Report 2023

2023 in review

The year we delivered a strong production performance from our core
assets, while making excellent progress at our two organic growth projects
Lafigué and Sabodala-Massawa BIOX® , promising resource updates at
Tanda-Iguela and continued ESG excellence highlighted by our top-ranked

gold producer status in the Sustainalytics rankings.

8
0.08

LTIFR

Continued world-class
safety performance.

OE
$1,047

Adjusted EBITDA, $m

50% Adjusted EBITDA margin
in relation to revenue.

mn

Vi

4.5

Indicated resource
at Tanda-Iguela, Moz
Marks a 303% increase over the

maiden Indicated resource estimate
published in late 2022.

1,072

Gold produced, koz

Strong production performance
underpinned by our core assets.

ay

ISO 45001 and
14001 received

Economic
contribution, $b

$267 million in direct taxes,
$134 million in royalties and
$74 million other taxes paid.

04

$967

AISC/oz
First quartile industry leader.

OE
$266

returns, $m

$200 million in dividends and
$66 million in share buybacks
retumed to shareholders.

a

$448

incurred, $m

Undertining significant progress at
Lafigué and SabodalaMassawa.

Endeavour Mining ple
Annual Report 2023

02

Our purpose

Our purpose is to produce gold that provides
lasting value to society. As one of the largest
producers of the metal, our starting point is
protecting and promoting the people and places
where our gold comes from.

Our work is a partnership, helping to create resilient
and self-sustaining communities, where people are
equipped with the skills, knowledge and expertise
needed to prosper.

We are trusted to unlock the full benefits of the
material we mine from discovery to production for
all our stakeholders.

Endeavour Mining ple
Annual Report 2023

Our values in action

Partners

Guided by shared goals, we build strong, respectful
relationships with all stakeholders, including contractors,
suppliers, local communities, and host governments. We
believe in open communication and mutual transparency

as the foundation for achieving positive outcomes together. Promoting the ethical
sourcing of gold
See poges 89
Performers

We are passionate performers dedicated to consistently
delivering results. Through continuous improvement and
unwavering commitment, we strive to exceed expectations
and deliver on our promises to all stakeholders.

Making a top alscovery
in West Africa
See pages 12:13

Pioneers

At Endeavour, we foster a culture of cross-team collaboration

and knowledge sharing, allowing our teams to think outside

the box to drive business growth. We empower our teams

to constantly seek improvement, innovate, and develop

pioneering solutions to propel our business forward. Investing in Solar energy
In West Africa
See pages 50-51

Proactive

We believe in individual initiative and collective ownership.
Everyone at Endeavour is empowered to contribute their
expertise, and drive our shared success.

Preparing our new Lafigué
‘mine for earty start
See page 58-59

Endeavour Mining ple
Annual Report 2023

03

04

At a glance

Endeavour has an unmatched competitive
advantage as the leading gold producer in West
Africa, the world’s largest gold producing region.

@ mines

@ Development Projects
@ Advanced Exploration

I Birmiam Greenstone Belt

Endeavour is listed on the London and Toronto Stock Exchanges, under the symbol! EDV.

Endeavour has strategically positioned
itself as a leading global gold producer
having buitt a high-quality portfolio of
lowcost, longilife assets while
maintaining a strong social licence to
operate, which underpins an attractive
shareholder returns programme.

Endeavour Mining ple
Annval Report 2023

Endeavour has a diversified portfolio
across West Africa, with operating
assets located in Senegal, Céte d'Ivoire
and Burkina Faso, and a strong portfolio
of advanced development projects and
exploration assets on the highly
prospective Birimian Greenstone Belt.

‘As a member of the World Gold Council,
Endeavour is committed to the
principles of responsible mining and
delivering sustainable value to its
employees, host countries and host
community stakeholders where it
operates.

Sabodala-Massawa:

The Sabodala-Massawa mine, acquired in February
2021, is one of Endeavour's comerstone assets.

The mine is currently undergoing an expansion to
add a BIOX® circuit to process the large refractory
ore resource on site. Once complete, the mine will
be positioned to target more than 400koz/year
production at an industryleading All In Sustaining
Cost ("AISC’), elevating it to toptier status.

Ity:

The Ity mine, acquired in 2015 and now one of
Endeavour's comerstone assets, has produced
more than 3.1Moz since first gold production in
1991. The mine is able to sustain production above
250koz/year over a +10-year life of mine (“LoM") at
an industyeading AISC.

Several optimisation initiatives are underway,
including the Mineral Sizer project, while near-mine
exploration continues to delineate high-grade
resources to further extend mine life.

Houndé:

The Houndé mine was built by Endeavour and is
one of Endeavour's comerstone assets. The mine
is targetting production above 250koz/year over a
‘4+10-year LoM at an industry-leading AISC.

Endeavour is focused on delineating additional high-
grade resources through nearmine exploration both
at the surface and underground, and expanding
satellite resources at deposits such as Golden Hill
and Mambo to continue to extend mine life.

Mana:

Mana was acquired by Endeavour in July 2020 and
has produced more than 2.3Moz of gold since first
gold pour. 2023 was a transition year for the mine
as mining operations began to focus predominantly
‘on the underground resource across Wona and
Siou. The focus since acquisition has been on
increasing the mine life beyond 10 years, through
the expansion of the underground deposits and
evaluation of satellite open pit targets.

Ownership
90% Endeavour
10% Govt of Senegal

1,243 Employees

48% Nationals
47% Locals
9% Women

$2.2 million

Total Social Investment

Ownership
85% Endeavour, 10% Govt of Cote
d'Ivoire, 5% SODEMI

743 Employees

53% Nationals
42% Locals
13% Women

$3.6 million

Total Social Investment

Ownership
90% Endeavour
10% Govt of Burkina Faso

1,271 Employees

68% Nationals
29% Locals
10% Women

$6.1 million

Total Social Investment

Ownership
90% Endeavour
10% Govt of Burkina Faso

529 Employees

63% Nationals
32% Locals
6% Women

$2.9 million

Total Social investment

Endeavour Mining plc
‘Annual Report 2023

05

06

Chair's statement

Dear Shareholders,

It is my privilege to address you once again as we
reflect on another impactful year at Endeavour. First,

| would like to thank all of our employees and partners
for their unwavering dedication, efforts and support
during a successful year in which the Company
delivered against all of its key objectives. | look forward
to the remainder of 2024 and beyond, with lan Cockerill
as our new CEO, building on Endeavour's operational

momentum to drive us forward.

Before | go into the positive
developments at Endeavour Mining in
2023, | want to address upfront the
leadership change that occurred in the
first week of 2024. The termination of
the contract of our President and

Chief Executive Officer, Sébastien de
Montessus, for serious misconduct,

was a difficult but absolutely necessary
decision for the Board to have taken.
Integrity serves as the comerstone of our
corporate govemance, fostering trust
among stakeholders and ensuring
sustainable success in the long-term.

| am proud to report that, in dealing with
these developments, our Board of
Directors has demonstrated unwavering
integrity in every decision and action
taken. Their leadership sets the tone for
the entire Company and will serve as the
basis for trust and reliability.

The immediate appointment of lan
Cockerill, a highly experienced mining
leader and operator, as permanent CEO

Endeavour Mining ple
Annual Report 2023,

It has been pleasing to see the strength and depth of
management as they successfully navigate simultaneous
growth projects, with the Sabodala-Massawa expansion
project on schedule and on budget and the Lafigué
development project on budget, and ahead of schedule,
with first gold now expected in Q2-2024.

serves to demonstrate the effectiveness
of our succession planning. Under lan's
leadership, we will improve on the
operational momentum that has seen
us perform so well in recent years.

The Audit Committee report on page
134 contains further details of the
investigation that led to the former
CEO's contract being terminated. In the
days following Sébastien's departure,
during our engagement with key
stakeholders, we indicated that we
would move swiftly, yet robustly, to
conclude the investigation. This has
happened and | am pleased to report
that no adjustments to our historic
financial information have been required
and BDO has provided an unmodified
opinion on the 2023 financial
statements.

The Audit Committee Chair and | plan to
undertake further engagement ahead of
our AGM with key stakeholders, to

assure them and respond to any
questions they may have. With renewed
confidence and catalysts for the upside,
we look forward to continued strong
operational performance in 2024.

Robust operational performance
underpins ongoing commitment to
shareholder retums

On the operational front, strong
performance has ensured we met
production guidance for the 11th
consecutive year, while the Company
also preserved its status as one of the
lowest-cost gold producers in the sector.

While investments into our highetum
organic growth projects accelerated, we
were pleased to continue to offer
attractive shareholder retums, delivering
$266 milion to shareholders in the form
of dividends and share buybacks, ina
year that was impacted by a challenging
macro-environment.

The Board remains focused on
supporting further retums to
shareholders in 2024, while maintaining
a disciplined approach to capital
allocation, governed by the metrics that
have been set for management.

Growth projects support soclo-
economic development

In November 2023, the Board visited
Endeavour's Lafigué project in Cate
d'Ivoire which is set to become the
Company's next comerstone asset due
to pour gold this year. Our tour of the
site gave a deeper understanding of the
project's potential, the effort involved,
and the considerable progress already
made as the project advances towards
completion, ahead of schedule, with
costs in line with expectations. This
comprehensive visit not only showcased
the hard work and dedication of the
Lafigué project team but also reinforced
‘the Board's understanding of the

Company's operations, sustainability
initiatives and the collaborative spirit,
that drives our success.

During our tour, the Board had the
‘opportunity to meet with beneficiaries of
the literacy programme which Endeavour
launched in partnership with the Ivorian
Ministry of Education and Literacy in
June 2022. The programme aims to
provide vocational training to 150 young
people, literacy skills to 500 people

as well as build capacity for 50 local
companies in the Hambol region of
Céte d'Ivoire.

We also provided education and
vocational training programmes which
provide members of our host
communities with a toolbox to fight
against unemployment and contribute to
the socioeconomic development of
Céte d'Ivoire and the other countries in
which we operate.

In addition, it has been pleasing to see
the strength and depth of management
as they successfully navigate
simultaneous growth projects, with the
Sabodala-Massawa expansion project
on schedule and on budget and the
Lafigué development project on budget,
and ahead of schedule, with first gold
now expected in Q2-2024, rather than
93-2024.

Responsible gold mining

One of the most important ways we
contribute to the development of the
national economies of our host
countries is through the transparent
payment of our fair share of taxes and
royalties, prioritising local employment,
in-country and regional procurement,
and investing in community
development projects.

Endeavour Mining ple
Annual Report 2023

07

08

Chair’s statement
continued

In 2023 Endeavour's total economic
contribution to our host countries was
$2.3 billion, of which $659.1 million
was paid to host governments in the
form taxes, royalties, and dividends,
while $228.7 million was paid in
employee wages, salaries, and benefits,
including payroll taxes.

A further $2.6 billion was spent on in-
country procurement and $4.0 million
was dedicated to community
investments and donations for
continuing operations, such as the
ongoing literacy programme in the local
communities around our Lafigué site.

Endeavour also reached a significant
milestone regarding the World Gold
Council's ("WGC") Responsible Gold
Mining Principles (“RGMPs"). We
received external assurance for
compliance with the RGMPs for the
mines which we acquired from SEMAFO
and Teranga, Mana and Sabodala-
Massawa respectively.

The RGMP framework outlines clear
expectations for consumers, investors
and the downstream gold supply chain
as to what constitutes responsible
gold mining. The Group is now fully
RGMP compliant in line with the

WGC timelines.

Ethical Sourcing

Spotlight on responsibly mined gold

In a world first, gold from our Ity mine
in Céte d'Ivoire was wom by British-
Ghanian actress and screenwriter,
Michaela Coel, who co-hosted Vogue's
2023 Met Gala in New York in May.

Coel wore jewellery specially created
for this event by Ghanaian-British
Jeweller Emefa Cole using gold from
‘our Ity mine, which is certified by the
Single Mine Origin (“SMO”) initiative.

SMO traces every ounce of gold from
the accredited mines that produced it
through the value chain to the final
consumer.

Endeavour Mining plc
‘Annual Report 2023

Strengthening our Board

During 2023, the Board made a number
of changes to underscore our
commitment to pursuing the highest
standards of corporate governance,
while ensuring we continue to deliver
strong operational and financial
performance that underpins our
obligations to all our stakeholders.

Together, we bring expertise from a
range of different areas to ensure we
are best positioned to provide support
and constructive challenge to the CEO
and management, as the Company
continues to implement its successful
growth strategy.

In 2023, we continued to strengthen our
Board with two new appointments,
which included the appointment of
Patrick Bouisset as a Non-Executive
Director who, after retiring as
Endeavour's Executive Vice President of
Exploration in December 2022, brings
‘over 30 years of exploration experience,
as well as a deep knowledge of the
Company. His skills and experience will
ensure that exploration and organic
growth continue to be a positive
differentiator for the Company.

SMO was established to provide
confidence to consumers who buy gold
products by enabling them to trace the
origin of the metal all the way back
from the finished product to the mine
where it was produced. This initiative
provides knowledge that it comes from
a responsible source with the highest
environmental, social and goverance
standards.

Using a QR code, consumers can see
the provenance of the gold in their
jewellery and understand the direct
impacts of their purchase on local
communities and environments.

We were also pleased to appoint Cathia
LawsonHall to the Board as an
Independent Non-Executive Director.
She brings considerable corporate
finance and investment banking
experience, and strong stakeholder
relationships, particularly in relation to
the continent where we operate.

Alison Baker was appointed Senior
Independent Director in 2023, a role
previously fulfilled by lan Cockerill.

| believe that our Board is composed of
Directors who possess strong calibre,
extensive experience, and bring a
diverse range of skills, expertise and
innovative thinking.

| would also like to take this opportunity
to recognise Jim Askew, who stepped
down from the Board during the year,
and to thank him for his contribution.

Following these changes, Endeavour's
Board already complies with the
Financial Conduct Authority's positive
diversity targets for listed companies as
currently constituted; 44% of your Board
are female and 55% come from ethnic
minority backgrounds, strengthening the
diversity of perspectives and expertise
that the Board can draw on.

Our Ity mine was the first of
Endeavour'’s mines to join the initiative
in 2021 and was selected to be an
‘SMO partner due to its industrleading
ESG standards.

We continue to uphold these
standards: in 2023, ty received
extemal assurance for compliance with
‘the World Gold Council's RGMPs and
was commended with a national
excellence award from the govemment
for its environmental, social and
government standards and initiatives.

The Audit, ESG and Remuneration
Committees are chaired by women
Directors, something | am

very proud of. Composition of the
Board will continue to be a focus
area for us through 2024, given lan’s
executive role.

Looking at our senior management
group (Management Committee,
‘comprising EVPs, SVPs, VPs and
General Managers), they have diverse
skilksets, different nationalities and
come from various backgrounds. Our
efforts to improve gender diversity
continue and | am heartened that
women comprise 25% of Management
Committee, rising from 22% in 2022.

Conclusion

We've made significant progress in
2023, particularly given the challenging
macro-economic environment
characterised by increasing interest
rates and heightened geopolitical
uncertainty, and are well positioned to
face the year ahead and deliver against
all of our objectives.

Looking ahead, we expect 2024 to be a
strong year for Endeavour, as the
brownfield expansion of Sabodala-
Massawa and the Lafigué development
project are expected to deliver

Considering the powerful socio-
economic impact we have in our
host countries, we are pleased that
SMO offers a new standard which
recognises our efforts, giving our gold
the differentiation that it deserves on
the intemational stage.

We look forward to continuing to raise
awareness with industry partners
about the importance of ethical
sourcing from responsible gold mines
and empowering consumers to
connect with the stories behind their
jewellery pieces.

significant incremental, low-cost
production to the Group, supporting its
robust financial position and an ongoing
commitment to shareholder returns.

We are confident that the current
management team with its strong track
record, under lan's leadership and
experience, is best placed to deliver
on our objectives.

| thank my fellow Board members,
management, employees, business
partners, host govemments and you,
‘our shareholders, for your continued
support.

‘SRINIVASAN VENKATAKRISHNAN
CHAIR
27 March 2024

We are confident
that the current
management team
with its strong track
record, under lan’s
leadership and
experience, is best
placed to deliver on
our objectives.

SRINIVASAN VENKATAKRISHNAN
CHAIR

Endeavour Mining ple
Annual Report 2023

09

10

Chief Executive’s statement

This year, Endeavour has remained resilient and
disciplined, while our steadfast commitment to
operational excellence, strategic organic growth
and delivering benefits to all stakeholders has
continued to drive our success. As a result, for
the 11th consecutive year, we have met our
production targets, demonstrating our ability to
deliver consistent results in a challenging macro-
environment. This accomplishment stands as a
testament to the quality of our portfolio and the

strength and dedication of our workforce.

Consistent strong operational
performance

We are pleased with our operating
performance during 2023, which has
enabled us to meet production guidance
for the 11th consecutive year, producing
1,072koz, and to maintain our status as
one of the lowestcost gold producers in
the sector, with a 2023 AISC of $967/
0. As guided at the start of 2023,
performance was weighted considerably
to the second haif of the year, having
prioritised stripping activity at Sabodala-
Massawa and Houndé, and underground
development at Mana in the first half of
the year.

Our lowcost performance was bolstered
further by the divestment of our non-core
Boungou and Wahgnion mines in
Burkina Faso in June 2023. The
divestment was in line with our strategy
of actively managing our portfolio to

Endeavour Mining ple
‘Annual Report 2023

It is my pleasure to address Endeavour’s shareholders
as your new CEO. This is a pivotal moment for the Group
as all the foundations are in place for the successful
execution of this phase of our organic growth strategy
that will deliver long-term value for all stakeholders.

| look forward to continuing to interact with all of you in

the months to come.

focus on larger, lower-cost and longer-
mine life assets. The divestment of
these assets not only increased the
quality of our portfolio, positioning us
well to deliver against our strategic
objectives for 2024 and 2025, but it
also improved the geographical
diversification of our portfolio, with four
mines remaining, located in three
different countries.

Abllity to detiver attractive
organic growth

Our efforts to improve the quality of the
portfolio, were not restricted to
divestments. During the year, we also
prioritised accelerating our organic
growth projects setting us firmly on track
to deliver long-term value for our
stakeholders.

Simultaneous project constructions at
the brownfield expansion of Sabodale-
Massawa in Senegal and the Lafigué
development project in Cote d'Ivoire
both remain on budget and on track to
be commissioned in Q2-2024, with
Lafigué on track for first gold a quarter
earlier than initially planned. Upon
completion of these two projects, our
teams will have delivered seven mine
builds in under ten years in West Africa,
all of which have been delivered on
budget and on schedule.