Disclaimer* Telecom Plus PLC 03 August 2026 Telecom Plus PLC (the "Company") Notification and public disclosure by directors/persons discharging managerial responsibilities Telecom Plus PLC announces the grant of share options to its executive directors under the Telecom Plus Incentive Plan ("TPIP"). Under the terms of the TPIP, the executive directors have been granted options in respect of 70% of their TPIP awards for 2026, in accordance with the Directors' Remuneration Policy of the Company. The options will be subject to a two-year vesting period, and thereafter subject to a further two-year post-vesting holding period. The number of shares subject to each grant has been determined by reference to the average mid-market closing price of a share during the period to which the award relates being the financial year ended 31 March 2026. 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities/person closely associated a) Name: STUART BURNETT 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/Status: CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER b) Initial Notification/Amendment: Initial Notification 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participation, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name: Telecom Plus PLC b) LEI: 549300QGHDX5UKE58G86 4. Details of transaction(s); section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted . a) Description of the financial instrument: Identification code: Ordinary Shares of £0.05 each in the capital of Telecom Plus PLC ISIN GB0008794710 b) Nature of the transaction: The grant of options to acquire Ordinary Shares at a nominal exercise price of £0.05 per Share c) Price(s) and volume(s): Price(s) Volume(s) N/A 74,793 d) Aggregated price(s) and volume(s): Price(s) Volume(s) N/A N/A e) Date of the Transaction: 3 August 2026 f) Place of the Transaction: Off market transaction 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities/person closely associated a) Name: NICK SCHOENFELD 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/Status: CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER b) Initial Notification/Amendment: Initial Notification 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participation, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name: Telecom Plus PLC b) LEI: 549300QGHDX5UKE58G86 4. Details of transaction(s); section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted . a) Description of the financial instrument: Identification code: Ordinary Shares of £0.05 each in the capital of Telecom Plus PLC ISIN GB0008794710 b) Nature of the transaction: The grant of options to acquire Ordinary Shares at a nominal exercise price of £0.05 per Share c) Price(s) and volume(s): Price(s) Volume(s) N/A 41,421 d) Aggregated price(s) and volume(s): Price(s) Volume(s) N/A N/A e) Date of the Transaction: 3 August 2026 f) Place of the Transaction: Off market transaction For further information, please contact: Telecom Plus PLC David Baxter Tel: (020) 8955 5000 LEI code: 549300QGHDX5UKE58G86 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Telecom Plus (TEP) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 23 minutes ago Taylor Maritime Investments Limited NPV 1 hour ago Eurocell 1 hour ago Stelrad Group 1 hour ago Jardine Matheson Holdings Ltd (Singapore Reg) 1 hour ago Vodafone Group All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and