Disclaimer* Telecom Plus PLC 04 August 2026 Telecom Plus PLC (the "Company") Notification and public disclosure by directors/persons discharging managerial responsibilities and persons closely associated with them Telecom Plus PLC received notification on 3 August 2026 that, further to the commitments set out in the Directors' Remuneration Report in the Company's FY26 Annual Report, the Company's independent non-executive directors acquired a total of 3,234 ordinary shares in the Company of 5p each ("Ordinary Shares") on 3 August 2026. The attached notification, made in accordance with Article 19 of the EU Market Abuse Regulation 596/2014 (as incorporated into UK domestic law by the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018), gives further detail of the number of Ordinary Shares acquired. 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities/person closely associated a) Name: Philip Bunker 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/Status: Non-executive Director b) Initial Notification/Amendment: Initial Notification 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participation, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name: Telecom Plus PLC b) LEI: 549300QGHDX5UKE58G86 4. Details of transaction(s); section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted . a) Description of the financial instrument: Identification code: Ordinary Shares ISIN GB0008794710 b) Nature of the transaction: Acquisition of Ordinary Shares c) Price(s) and volume(s): Price(s) Volume(s) £8.70 645 d) Aggregated price(s) and volume(s): Price(s) Volume(s) £8.70 645 e) Date of the Transaction: 3 August 2026 f) Place of the Transaction: London Stock Exchange (XLON) 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities/person closely associated a) Name: Gemma Godfrey 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/Status: Non-executive Director b) Initial Notification/Amendment: Initial Notification 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participation, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name: Telecom Plus PLC b) LEI: 549300QGHDX5UKE58G86 4. Details of transaction(s); section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted . a) Description of the financial instrument: Identification code: Ordinary Shares ISIN GB0008794710 b) Nature of the transaction: Acquisition of Ordinary Shares c) Price(s) and volume(s): Price(s) Volume(s) £8.70 637 d) Aggregated price(s) and volume(s): Price(s) Volume(s) £8.70 637 e) Date of the Transaction: 3 August 2026 f) Place of the Transaction: London Stock Exchange (XLON) 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities/person closely associated a) Name: Bindiya Karia 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/Status: Non-executive Director b) Initial Notification/Amendment: Initial Notification 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participation, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name: Telecom Plus PLC b) LEI: 549300QGHDX5UKE58G86 4. Details of transaction(s); section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted . a) Description of the financial instrument: Identification code: Ordinary Shares ISIN GB0008794710 b) Nature of the transaction: Acquisition of Ordinary Shares c) Price(s) and volume(s): Price(s) Volume(s) £8.70 535 d) Aggregated price(s) and volume(s): Price(s) Volume(s) £8.70 535 e) Date of the Transaction: 3 August 2026 f) Place of the Transaction: London Stock Exchange (XLON) 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities/person closely associated a) Name: Carla Stent 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/Status: Non-executive Director b) Initial Notification/Amendment: Initial Notification 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participation, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name: Telecom Plus PLC b) LEI: 549300QGHDX5UKE58G86 4. Details of transaction(s); section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted . a) Description of the financial instrument: Identification code: Ordinary Shares ISIN GB0008794710 b) Nature of the transaction: Acquisition of Ordinary Shares c) Price(s) and volume(s): Price(s) Volume(s) £8.70 732 d) Aggregated price(s) and volume(s): Price(s) Volume(s) £8.70 732 e) Date of the Transaction: 3 August 2026 f) Place of the Transaction: London Stock Exchange (XLON) 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities/person closely associated a) Name: Suzanne Williams 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/Status: Non-executive Director b) Initial Notification/Amendment: Initial Notification 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participation, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name: Telecom Plus PLC b) LEI: 549300QGHDX5UKE58G86 4. Details of transaction(s); section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted . a) Description of the financial instrument: Identification code: Ordinary Shares ISIN GB0008794710 b) Nature of the transaction: Acquisition of Ordinary Shares c) Price(s) and volume(s): Price(s) Volume(s) £8.70 685 d) Aggregated price(s) and volume(s): Price(s) Volume(s) £8.70 685 e) Date of the Transaction: 3 August 2026 f) Place of the Transaction: London Stock Exchange (XLON) For further information, please contact: Telecom Plus PLC David Baxter 020 8955 5000 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Telecom Plus (TEP) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 23 minutes ago Taylor Maritime Investments Limited NPV 1 hour ago Eurocell 1 hour ago Stelrad Group 1 hour ago Jardine Matheson Holdings Ltd (Singapore Reg) 1 hour ago Vodafone Group All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and