Disclaimer* Telecom Plus PLC 26 May 2026 Telecom Plus PLC Notification of Admission of Further Securities to Trading (PRM 1.6.4R) In conformity with PRM 1.6.4R, Telecom Plus PLC notifies the market that ordinary shares of 5 pence each ('Ordinary Shares') have been admitted to trading as set out in the table below. The Ordinary Shares have been admitted to trading under existing block listing admissions of Ordinary Shares in connection with the "The Telecom Plus PLC Employee Share Option Plan and The Telecom Plus PLC Omnibus Plan ". 1a Issuer name Telecom Plus PLC 1b Issuer LEI 549300QGHDX5UKE58G86 2 Regulated market on which the securities have been admitted to trading London Stock Exchange - Main Market 3 Name, type and ISIN of the securities Ordinary shares of £0.05 in Telecom Plus PLC ("Ordinary Shares") ISIN GB0008794710 4 Number of further securities admitted to trading covered by this notification 851 5 Total number of securities admitted to trading following admission 80,088,028 6 Fungibility Fully fungible with existing Ordinary Shares 7 Date range covered by the notification 26 March 2026 - 25 May 2026 8 Prospectus information N/A 26 May 2026 For further information, please contact: Telecom Plus PLC David Baxter Tel: (020) 8955 5000 LEI code : 549300QGHDX5UKE58G86 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Telecom Plus (TEP) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 2 hours ago Mcbride 2 hours ago Trufin 2 days ago Schroder Real Estate Investment Trust Ltd 2 days ago Barclays 2 days ago Diageo All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and