Disclaimer* Telecom Plus PLC 10 July 2026 Telecom Plus PLC (the "Company") Posting of Report and Accounts Telecom Plus PLC today announces that in accordance with Rule 9.6.1 of the Listing Rules, copies of the following documents have been submitted to the National Storage Mechanism and will shortly be available for viewing at: https://data.fca.org.uk/#/nsm/nationalstoragemechanism . 1. Annual Report & Accounts for the year ended 31 March 2026 (the "Report and Accounts"); 2. The circular convening the 2026 Annual General Meeting of the Company (the "AGM Circular"); 3. Notice of the 2026 Annual General Meeting (the "Notice"), which will be held at 12.00 noon on 17 August 2026 at Network HQ, 508 Edgware Road, The Hyde, London, NW9 5AB; and 4. Proxy form for the 2026 Annual General Meeting. The above documents are being despatched to shareholders today. The Report and Accounts, AGM Circular and Notice, and the Proxy form will also be available on the Company's website at: www.telecomplus.co.uk The Notice contains information regarding the total number of shares in the Company and the total number of shares in respect of which members are entitled to exercise voting rights and the total number of votes that members are entitled to exercise at the meeting. For further information, please contact: Telecom Plus PLC David Baxter Tel: (020) 8955 5000 LEI code: 549300QGHDX5UKE58G86 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Telecom Plus (TEP) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 2 hours ago Mcbride 2 hours ago Trufin 2 days ago Schroder Real Estate Investment Trust Ltd 2 days ago Barclays 2 days ago Diageo All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and