Disclaimer* Telecom Plus PLC 29 May 2026 Telecom Plus PLC Total Voting Rights and Share Capital Telecom Plus PLC announces that the total number of ordinary shares of 5 pence each in Telecom Plus PLC as at the date of this notice is 80,088,028 (excluding shares held in treasury). There are currently 1,132,705 shares held in treasury. The total number of voting rights in Telecom Plus PLC is therefore 80,088,028. This figure may be used by shareholders as the denominator for the calculations by which they will determine if they are required to notify their interest in, or a change to their interest in, Telecom Plus PLC , under the Disclosure and Transparency Rules. There are 252,638 ordinary shares of 5 pence each in Telecom Plus PLC held in the Telecom Plus PLC JSOP Share Trust on which voting rights have been waived. These shares are included in the above total voting rights figure. 29 May 2026 For further information, please contact: Telecom Plus PLC David Baxter Tel: (020) 8955 5000 LEI code : 549300QGHDX5UKE58G86 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Telecom Plus (TEP) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 21 minutes ago Taylor Maritime Investments Limited NPV 1 hour ago Eurocell 1 hour ago Stelrad Group 1 hour ago Jardine Matheson Holdings Ltd (Singapore Reg) 1 hour ago Vodafone Group All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and