BETA Close X Argo Blockchain intends to delist from the London Stock Exchange, with dealings in ordinary shares expected to cease on December 8, 2025, and the delisting effective from 8:00 a.m. (London time) on December 9, 2025, conditional on court sanctioning the restructuring plan, while maintaining its Nasdaq listing. The company has published a practice statement letter as part of its restructuring plan. Under the restructuring plan, Growler Mining will hold 87.5% of the equity, bondholders will receive 10% in exchange for their debt, and existing equity holders will retain a 2.5% equity interest. Argo has drawn approximately US$5.38 million from its secured multi-draw term loan facility of up to US$7.5 million with Growler. Disclaimer* Argo Blockchain PLC 21 October 2025 Press Release 21 October 2025 Argo Blockchain plc (" Argo " or " the Company ") Publication of Practice Statement Letter Intention to delist from the London Stock Exchange Update to Restructuring Plan Practice Statement Letter As previously announced by Argo, the Company is undertaking a recapitalisation by way of a restructuring plan under Part 26A of the Companies Act 2006 (the "Restructuring Plan"). Today, Argo has published a practice statement letter which is the first document in the Restructuring Plan process. It sets out the key details to explain how the legal rights and entitlements of shareholders and creditors may be affected. The practice statement letter has been uploaded to the plan website, which can be accessed at https://deals.is.kroll.com/argo . Future documents will also be placed onto the same plan website in the coming weeks. Shareholders and creditors are recommended to review the plan website periodically and in advance of the key dates below to ensure that they have access to all relevant documents. Initial indicative key dates in respect of the Restructuring Plan are set as follows: · Convening hearing 5 November 2025 · Meetings of plan participants 28 November 2025 · Sanction hearing 8 December 2025 The Restructuring Plan will be structured to enable the Company to rely on the exemption provided by Section 3(a)(10) of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended, with respect to securities expected to be issued under the plan. Intention to delist from the London Stock Exchange Subject to the Court sanctioning the Restructuring Plan, it is the Company's intention to cancel the listing of the Company's ordinary shares ("Ordinary Shares") on the Equity Shares (Transition) category of the Official List of the Financial Conduct Authority ("FCA") and to cancel the trading of its Ordinary Shares on the Main Market of the London Stock Exchange (the "Delisting"). It is the Company's intention to maintain its listing on Nasdaq. As a company listed on the Equity Shares (Transition) category, the Company is not required to obtain the approval of its shareholders for the Delisting but is required under UK Listing Rule 21.2.17 to give at least 20 business days' notice of the intended cancellation. Accordingly, the Company has requested that: (i) the FCA cancel the listing of the Ordinary Shares on the Official List of the FCA; and (ii) the London Stock Exchange cancels the admission to trading of the Ordinary Shares on the Main Market for listed securities of the London Stock Exchange. Conditional upon the Restructuring Plan being sanctioned by the Court, it is anticipated that the Delisting will become effective from 8:00 a.m. (London time) on 9 December 2025. Therefore, the last day of dealings in the Ordinary Shares on the Main Market is expected to be 8 December 2025. Investors holding Shares following the Delisting will continue to be entitled to exercise all the rights attaching to the Shares. The principal effects of the Delisting will be that: • the Ordinary Shares will no longer be tradeable on the London Stock Exchange. It is, however, the Company's intention to maintain its Nasdaq listing; • the regulatory and financial reporting regime applicable to companies whose shares are admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange will no longer apply; • shareholders will no longer be afforded the protections given by the Listing Rules; • shareholders will no longer be required to publicly disclose any change in major shareholdings in the Company under the Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rules; • the Company will no longer be subject to the provisions of the Market Abuse Regulation (as in force in the United Kingdom) regulating inside information and other matters; • with effect from the second anniversary of Delisting, the Takeover Code will cease to apply to the Company and at that point shareholders will not benefit from the protections afforded to them by the Takeover Code. Further details are set out below; and • the Delisting may have personal taxation consequences for shareholders. Shareholders who are in any doubt about their individual tax position should consult their own professional independent tax adviser without delay. Shareholders are encouraged to review their holding arrangements and consult their stockbroker or financial adviser if they have any questions regarding the impact of the Delisting. Takeover Code The Takeover Code ("Code") applies to any company which has its registered office in the U.K., the Channel Islands or the Isle of Man if any of its equity share capital (whether voting or non-voting) or other transferable securities carrying voting rights are admitted to trading on a UK regulated market, a UK Multilateral Trading Facility ("MTF"), or a stock exchange in the Channel Islands or the Isle of Man. The Code therefore currently applies to the Company as its Ordinary Shares are admitted to trading on the LSE, which is a UK regulated market. The Code also applies to any company which has its registered office in the U.K., the Channel Islands or the Isle of Man if any of its securities were admitted to trading on a UK regulated market, a UK MTF, or a stock exchange in the Channel Islands or the Isle of Man at any time during the preceding two years. Accordingly, if the Delisting becomes effective, the Code will continue to apply to the Company for a period of two years after the Delisting, following which the Code will cease to apply to the Company. While the Code continues to apply to the Company, a mandatory offer in cash, or accompanied by a cash alternative, will be required to be made if either: (a) any person acquires an interest in Ordinary Shares which (taken together with the Ordinary Shares in which the person or any person acting in concert with that person is interested) carry 30% or more of the voting rights of the Company; or (b) any person, together with persons acting in concert with that person, is interested in Ordinary Shares which in the aggregate carry not less than 30% of the voting rights of a Company but does not hold Ordinary Shares carrying more than 50% of such voting rights and such person, or any person acting in concert with that person, acquires an interest in any other Ordinary Shares which increases the percentage of Ordinary Shares carrying voting rights in which that person is interested. Update to Restructuring Plan The Company provides the following updates with respect to the Restructuring Plan and its agreements with Growler Mining, LLC n/k/a Growler Mining Tuscaloosa, LLC ("Growler"): • The Company has determined the allocation of equity in the recapitalised Company pursuant to the Restructuring Plan as follows: (i) Growler will hold 87.5% of the equity; (2) the bondholders, in exchange for their debt, will receive an aggregate 10% of the equity; and (iii) the existing equity holders will retain their equity interests, subject to substantial dilution from the issue to the bondholders and Growler, resulting in an aggregate 2.5% equity interest. • To date, the Company has drawn approximately US$5.38 million from its secured multi-draw term loan facility of up to US$7.5 million with Growler. For further information please contact: Argo Blockchain Investor Relations ir@argoblockchain.com Information Agent - Kroll Issuer Services argo@is.kroll.com About Argo: Argo Blockchain plc is a dual-listed (LSE: ARB; NASDAQ: ARBK) blockchain technology company focused on large-scale cryptocurrency mining. With a mining facility in Quebec and offices in the US, Canada, and the UK, Argo's global, sustainable operations are predominantly powered by renewable energy. In 2021, Argo became the first climate positive cryptocurrency mining company, and a signatory to the Crypto Climate Accord. For more information, visit www.argoblockchain.com . Forward looking statements This announcement contains "forward-looking statements," which can be identified by words like "may," "will," "likely," "should," "expect," "anticipate," "future," "plan," "believe," "intend," "goal," "seek," "estimate," "project," "continue" and similar expressions. Forward-looking statements are neither historical facts nor assurances of future performance. Instead, they are based only on the Company's current beliefs, expectations and assumptions regarding the future of its business, future plans and strategies, projections, anticipated events and trends, the economy and other future conditions. Because forward-looking statements relate to the future, they are subject to inherent uncertainties, risks and changes in circumstances that are difficult to predict and many of which are outside of the Company's control. The information in this announcement about future plans and objectives of the Company are forward-looking statements. Therefore, you should not rely on any of these forward-looking statements. Important factors that could cause the Company's actual results and financial condition to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements include, market and other conditions, the principal risks and uncertainties listed in the risk factors set forth in our Annual Report and Financial Statements and Form 20-F for the year ended 31 December 2024. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Argo Blockchain (ARB) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 44 minutes ago British American Tobacco 46 minutes ago Staffline Group 49 minutes ago Bunzl 49 minutes ago British American Tobacco 1 hour ago Howden Joinery Group All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and