Notice of AGM Argo Blockchain PLC 05 June 2025 Press Release 5 June 2025 Argo Blockchain plc (" Argo " or " the Company ") Notice of Annual General Meeting Argo Blockchain plc, a global leader in cryptocurrency mining (LSE: ARB; NASDAQ: ARBK), announces it will hold its Annual General Meeting ('AGM') at 15:00 BST on 30 June 2025 at the offices of Fladgate LLP, 16 Great Queen Street, London, WC2B 5DG. The meeting will be available for shareholders to attend in person, and the Company will provide access to the AGM through the Investor Meet Company platform. Shareholders should use the following link to register: https://www.investormeetcompany.com/argo-blockchain-plc/register While the platform allows shareholders to follow the AGM, the platform does not allow shareholders to vote or participate in the meeting, and therefore shareholders are strongly encouraged to return their duly completed form of proxy in accordance with the instructions set out in the notes to the Notice of AGM. Given the Company's global shareholder base and in order that the Company can address shareholder questions from shareholders in different time zones, we ask shareholders to provide their questions and comments concerning the Company, its business or matters pertaining to this AGM to the Company at ir@argoblockchain.com or via the Investor Meet Company platform. The Company will review the submissions and will respond to shareholder questions, where appropriate, during the AGM. Following the session, the Company will also post the replies on its website. The Notice of AGM, together with the Form of Proxy, will be posted to shareholders today. The Notice of AGM will shortly also be available on the Company's website. For further information please contact: Argo Blockchain Investor Relations ir@argoblockchain.com Tennyson Securities Corporate Broker Peter Krens +44 207 186 9030 Fortified Securities Joint Broker Guy Wheatley, CFA +44 7493 989014 guy.wheatley@fortifiedsecurities.com Tancredi Intelligent Communication UK & Europe Media Relations argoblock@tancredigroup.com About Argo: Argo Blockchain plc is a dual-listed (LSE: ARB; NASDAQ: ARBK) blockchain technology company focused on large-scale cryptocurrency mining. With a mining facility in Quebec and offices in the US, Canada, and the UK, Argo's global, sustainable operations are predominantly powered by renewable energy. In 2021, Argo became the first climate positive cryptocurrency mining company, and a signatory to the Crypto Climate Accord. For more information, visit www.argoblockchain.com . This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Argo Blockchain (ARB) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 17 minutes ago Bloomsbury Publishing 24 minutes ago Smith & Nephew 1 hour ago ActiveOps 3 hours ago South32 Limited (DI) 4 hours ago Greatland Gold All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and