BETA Close X Argo Blockchain has filed a claim form with the High Court of Justice in London to convene meetings for creditors and members to consider a Restructuring Plan. The initial key dates for the Restructuring Plan include a convening hearing on November 5, 2025, meetings of plan participants on December 2, 2025, and a sanction hearing on December 8, 2025. The Restructuring Plan will allow the Company to rely on the exemption provided by Section 3(a)(10) of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933. A copy of the claim form is available on the plan website. Disclaimer* Argo Blockchain PLC 30 October 2025 Press Release 30 October 2025 Argo Blockchain plc (" Argo " or " the Company ") Filing of Restructuring Plan Claim Form As previously announced by Argo, the Company is undertaking a recapitalisation by way of a restructuring plan under Part 26A of the Companies Act 2006 (the "Restructuring Plan"). Today, Argo has filed with the High Court of Justice in London a claim form in which Argo seeks, among other things, the Court's permission to convene meetings of certain creditors and members of the Company for the purpose of considering and, if thought fit, approving the Restructuring Plan. A copy of the claim form has been uploaded to the plan website, which can be accessed at https://deals.is.kroll.com/argo . Initial indicative key dates in respect of the Restructuring Plan are now as follows: · Convening hearing 5 November 2025 · Meetings of plan participants 2 December 2025 · Sanction hearing 8 December 2025 The Restructuring Plan will be structured to enable the Company to rely on the exemption provided by Section 3(a)(10) of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and certain other available exemptions under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 and applicable state securities laws, in each case with respect to securities expected to be issued under the plan. For further information please contact: Argo Blockchain Investor Relations ir@argoblockchain.com Information Agent - Kroll Issuer Services argo@is.kroll.com About Argo: Argo Blockchain plc is a dual-listed (LSE: ARB; NASDAQ: ARBK) blockchain technology company focused on large-scale cryptocurrency mining. With a mining facility in Quebec and offices in the US, Canada, and the UK, Argo's global, sustainable operations are predominantly powered by renewable energy. In 2021, Argo became the first climate positive cryptocurrency mining company, and a signatory to the Crypto Climate Accord. For more information, visit www.argoblockchain.com . Forward looking statements This announcement contains "forward-looking statements," which can be identified by words like "may," "will," "likely," "should," "expect," "anticipate," "future," "plan," "believe," "intend," "goal," "seek," "estimate," "project," "continue" and similar expressions. Forward-looking statements are neither historical facts nor assurances of future performance. Instead, they are based only on the Company's current beliefs, expectations and assumptions regarding the future of its business, future plans and strategies, projections, anticipated events and trends, the economy and other future conditions. Because forward-looking statements relate to the future, they are subject to inherent uncertainties, risks and changes in circumstances that are difficult to predict and many of which are outside of the Company's control. The information in this announcement about future plans and objectives of the Company are forward-looking statements. Therefore, you should not rely on any of these forward-looking statements. Important factors that could cause the Company's actual results and financial condition to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements include, market and other conditions, the principal risks and uncertainties listed in the risk factors set forth in our Annual Report and Financial Statements and Form 20-F for the year ended 31 December 2024. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Argo Blockchain (ARB) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 44 minutes ago British American Tobacco 46 minutes ago Staffline Group 49 minutes ago Bunzl 49 minutes ago British American Tobacco 1 hour ago Howden Joinery Group All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and