PDMR Dealing Argo Blockchain PLC 03 February 2025 Press Release 3 February 2025 Argo Blockchain plc ("Argo" or "the Company") PDMR Dealing Argo Blockchain plc (LSE: ARB; NASDAQ: ARBK) announces that between 29 and 30 January 2025, Jim MacCallum, the Company's Interim Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, purchased American Depositary Receipts representing the Company's ordinary shares ("ADRs"): PDMR / Person closely associated Purchased Weighted average price per Ordinary Share/ADR Jim MacCallum 25,000 ADRs US $0.4550 per ADR Jim MacCallum 25,000 ADRs US $0.4600 per ADR Jim MacCallum 25,000 ADRs US $0.4700 per ADR This announcement contains inside information. PDMR notification Share Purchase Notification and public disclosure of transactions by persons discharging managerial responsibilities and persons closely associated with them. 1. Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / person closely associated a) Name Jim MacCallum 2. Reason for the Notification a) Position/status PDMR b) Initial notification / Amendment Initial notification 3. Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name Argo Blockchain PLC b) LEI 213800WPCCYSDYY26J54 4. Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the Financial instrument, type of instrument American Depositary Receipts representing the Company's ordinary shares ("ADRs"): Identification Code US0401261047 b) Nature of the transaction Purchase of ADRs c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) US $0.4550 per ADR US $0.4600 per ADRs US $0.4700 per ADR 25,000 ADRs 25,000 ARRs 25,000 ADRs d) Aggregated information: Aggregated volume Price 75,000 ADRs US $0.4617 per ADR e) Date of the transaction 29 and 30 January 2025 f) Place of the Transaction NASDAQ For further information please contact: Argo Blockchain Investor Relations ir@argoblockchain.com Tennyson Securities Corporate Broker Peter Krens +44 207 186 9030 Fortified Securities Joint Broker Guy Wheatley, CFA +44 74930989014 guy.wheatley@fortifiedsecurities.com Tancredi Intelligent Communication UK & Europe Media Relations argoblock@tancredigroup.com About Argo: Argo Blockchain plc is a dual-listed (LSE: ARB; NASDAQ: ARBK) blockchain technology company focused on large-scale cryptocurrency mining. With a mining facility in Quebec, mining operations in Tennessee, and offices in the US, Canada, and the UK, Argo's global, sustainable operations are predominantly powered by renewable energy. In 2021, Argo became the first climate positive cryptocurrency mining company, and a signatory to the Crypto Climate Accord. For more information, visit www.argoblockchain.com . This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Argo Blockchain (ARB) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 hour ago South32 Limited (DI) 2 hours ago Greatland Gold 3 hours ago Audioboom Group 16 hours ago Legal & General Group 18 hours ago Senior All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and