CORPORATE GOVERNANCE STATEMENT 
1 
 
 
The Board of ARB Corporation Limited is committed to 
high standards of corporate governance and supports 
the principles of good corporate governance and best 
practice recommendations as published in the ASX 
Corporate 
Governance 
Principles 
and 
Recommendations 
4th 
Edition 
(the 
“Guidelines”) 
released in February 2019. 
 
ASX Listing Rule 4.10.3 requires ARB to disclose the 
extent to which it has followed these best practice 
recommendations. This statement outlines the key 
corporate governance practices of ARB, as they relate 
to the recommendations of the ASX Corporate 
Governance Council. 
 
The Board recognises that some practices are more 
relevant to larger companies. The Board has adopted 
those practices that it believes are in the best interests 
of its stakeholders and will enhance long term 
shareholder value given ARB’s specific circumstances. 
 
This Corporate Governance Statement was approved by 
the Board on 25 August 2026 and is current as at that 
date. 
 
 
1. 
The Roles of the Board and Management 
 
The Board of Directors is responsible for increasing 
shareholder value and overseeing good governance 
practices through leadership and direction of the 
Company.  The Board Charter is disclosed at 
http://www.arb.com.au/about/investor-relations/ and sets 
out the roles, responsibilities and processes of the 
Board.  Matters reserved for the Board include: 
 
• 
setting the strategic direction and values of the 
Company 
• 
appointing and reviewing the performance of the 
Managing Director and the Chief Executive 
Officer 
• 
setting objectives for which the Managing 
Director and the Chief Executive Officer are 
responsible 
• 
approving 
major 
investment 
decisions 
and 
financial budgets 
• 
monitoring financial and operating performance 
• 
determining capital, funding and dividend policies 
• 
planning Board and management succession 
• 
defining 
the 
limits 
to 
management's 
responsibilities 
• 
setting 
the 
Company’s 
risk 
appetite 
and 
monitoring the effectiveness of risk management 
• 
overseeing and monitoring workplace health and 
safety 
• 
overseeing 
the 
Company’s 
sustainability 
practices 
• 
ensuring the Company complies with the law and 
conforms to the highest standards of financial 
and ethical behaviour. 
 
Board Meetings are held regularly and the Board meets 
on other occasions to deal with matters that require 
attention between scheduled meetings. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
         
The responsibility for the operation and administration of 
the economic  entity  is  delegated  by  the Board to  the  
 
 
 
 
 
 
           
Managing 
Director, 
Chief 
Executive 
Officer 
and 
departmental executives. 
 
The Board of ARB and senior management monitor the 
performance 
of 
all 
Divisions 
through 
fortnightly 
management meetings and the preparation of monthly 
management accounts. 
 
Minutes of the fortnightly management meetings are 
circulated to all Board members to ensure that they are 
aware of key developments within the Company and in the 
industry and environment in which it operates. 
 
The monthly management accounts are prepared using 
accrual accounting principles and report each Division's 
results. These monthly management accounts are 
compared by management with monthly targets. Each 
Division has key performance indicators and are reviewed 
by the Board monthly. 
 
The monitoring of ARB’s performance by the Board and 
management assists in identifying the areas where 
additional attention is required. 
 
The Chief Executive Officer evaluates the performance of 
the senior management team on an informal basis 
throughout the year and on a formal basis once per year. 
A performance evaluation was undertaken in the current 
reporting period.  The Chief Executive Officer also ensures 
appropriate checks are undertaken before appointing a 
senior executive. 
 
The Company Secretary is accountable directly to the 
Board on all matters to do with the proper functioning of 
the Board, through the Chairman. 
 
There is a written agreement with each Director and 
Senior 
Executive setting out 
the terms 
of 
their 
employment.  
 
The Board has not adopted a formal diversity policy or set 
measurable objectives based on diversity alone for the 
reasons explained in section 3 of this Corporate 
Governance Statement. 
 
 
2. 
The Structure of the Board 
 
The composition of the Board is determined in accordance 
with ARB’s constitution and the ASX Listing Rules. 
 
The Board regards a Director as independent if he or she 
is free from any material interest in, or other material 
relationship with, the Company, other than as a Director, 
which could reasonably be perceived to materially 
interfere with the Director’s ability to exercise independent 
judgement with respect to the matter being considered. 
Independence and materiality are considered by the 
Board in the context of all of the relevant circumstances. 
 
The Board presently comprises one Executive Director 
and six non-executive Directors (five of whom are 
independent non-executive Directors). The Board believes 
that, at present, this structure combines the skills, 
experience and efficiency of operation best suited to 
governing the Company. 
 
The Chairman is an independent non-executive Director. 
For personal use only
ARB CORPORATION LIMITED 
 
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE STATEMENT (continued) 
2 
 
The Board comprises a majority of independent 
Directors. The Board believes that all of its Directors 
exercise due care and skill with respect to the matters 
which they consider and bring independent judgement to 
bear in decision-making. 
 
Committees 
 
The Board of Directors, as part of its responsibility to 
oversee the strategic direction of the Company, has 
established guidelines and committees to ensure that its 
businesses operate ethically and fairly and to ensure 
that the assets of the Company are properly protected. 
The committees which the Board has established are as 
follows: 
 
• Audit and Risk Committee 
• Remuneration and Nomination Committee. 
 
The Board, either directly or through the Remuneration 
and Nomination Committee, periodically and objectively 
assesses its performance and that of its committees and 
individual members. The Board and the Audit and Risk 
and Remuneration and Nomination Committees last 
undertook formal performance evaluations in May 2026.  
The Board periodically undertakes performance reviews 
on an informal basis. 
 
The requirement for membership of the Remuneration 
and Nomination Committee is that the member must be 
a non-executive Director and able to make a contribution 
to the decision-making process. This committee is 
composed of the six non-executive Directors of ARB. 
The Board acknowledges the recommendation of the 
ASX Corporate Governance Council that the chair of the 
committee be carried out by an independent Director. 
Although the Chairman of this committee is not 
considered independent because of his substantial 
shareholding in the Company, the Board believes his 
wealth 
of 
knowledge, 
expertise 
and 
enduring 
contribution to the 
Company’s 
culture, 
make it 
appropriate for him to be the Chairman of the 
committee. 
 
The committee’s Charter is disclosed in the Investor 
Relations 
section 
of 
the 
Company’s 
web 
site 
(http://www.arb.com.au/about/investor-relations/). 
 
Appointment of Directors 
 
One 
of 
the 
roles 
and 
responsibilities 
of 
the 
Remuneration 
and 
Nomination 
Committee 
is 
to 
recommend to the Board the selection and appointment 
of suitable Directors to the Company after undertaking 
appropriate checks. 
 
The committee considers the size and composition of 
the Board and the selection and appointment of new 
Directors as required based upon the existing expertise 
and experience of the Board, the future requirements of 
the Company and the desirability of increasing diversity 
as a means of enhancing shareholder value. 
 
The Board’s objective is to achieve the mix of skills and 
diversity that is best suited to maximising long-term 
shareholder value given the circumstances at any 
particular 
time. 
The 
Board 
believes 
that 
the 
Remuneration and Nomination Committee is best placed 
to assess these requirements rather than using 
intermediaries. 
The conditions relating to a Director's appointment are 
provided to the Director in writing prior to appointment. All 
Directors are subject to re-election by rotation in 
accordance with ARB’s constitution, the ASX Listing Rules 
and 
the 
Corporations 
Act. 
The 
Board 
provides 
shareholders with the necessary information in order to 
make an informed decision prior to the election of 
Directors. 
 
Board Skills Matrix 
 
The Board has identified the skills required of the 
members of the Board, which are: 
 
• 
automotive 
and/or 
four-wheel 
drive 
industry 
experience 
• 
manufacturing experience 
• 
engineering experience 
• 
management experience 
• 
business experience, particularly in international 
sales and distribution 
• 
financial management  
• 
risk management including climate related risk and 
sustainability 
• 
corporate governance 
• 
corporate finance 
• 
regulatory knowledge 
• 
legal knowledge 
• 
sales and marketing experience, including digital 
• 
director experience 
• 
ability to think strategically 
• 
high level of business acumen and integrity. 
 
The skills matrix is subject to periodic review.  The Board 
is satisfied that, as a group, the current Directors meet the 
requirements of this skills matrix. 
 
Further information with respect to the Board is provided in 
the Directors’ Report in the Company’s Annual Report.  
 
The Company provides appropriate induction as and when 
required for new Directors.  The Board and the 
Remuneration and Nomination Committee periodically 
review whether there is a need for existing Directors to 
undertake professional development to maintain the skills 
and knowledge needed to perform their roles as Directors 
effectively. 
 
Directors may obtain independent professional advice, at 
the Company's expense, on matters arising in the course 
of their Board duties after obtaining the Chairman's 
approval, which cannot be unreasonably withheld. 
 
3. 
Ethical Business Practices 
 
ARB is committed to being a socially responsible 
corporate citizen, using honest and fair business practices.  
The Company has articulated its values which are 
disclosed at http://www.arb.com.au/about/. 
 
The Company’s Code of Conduct and policies, including 
the Whistleblower and Anti-bribery and Corruption 
policies, apply to everyone who works for ARB and its 
subsidiaries 
including 
employees, 
consultants 
and 
Directors. The Board is informed of any material breaches 
of the Company’s Code of Conduct or its various policies. 
 
The Company’s Code of Conduct and its policies are 
disclosed at http://www.arb.com.au/about/policy/.  
For personal use only
ARB CORPORATION LIMITED 
 
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE STATEMENT (continued) 
3 
 
 
The Company also believes that an effective means of 
enhancing investor confidence and actively promoting                                                                    
ethical and responsible decision-making is for the Board 
and the senior management team to foster, through their 
own actions, an ethical corporate culture. 
 
Similarly, the Board believes that it has fostered and that 
the Company and its employees have a governance 
culture that encourages excellence and ethical business 
practices to enhance long term shareholder value, 
including the advancement of all employees in an ethical 
manner as appropriate irrespective of gender, age, 
ethnicity, religion, sexual orientation and cultural 
background. 
 
Accordingly, the Board has not adopted a formal 
diversity policy or set measurable objectives based on 
diversity alone that might otherwise endorse diversity as 
the principal criteria for the selection and promotion of 
the Company’s employees and directors. An employee 
or Director’s skills, experience and overall prospects of 
adding value to the Company shall take precedence 
over diversity considerations.  The Board believes that 
this is consistent with its objective of generating long 
term shareholder value in an ethical manner.  
 
The Company benefits from and actively employs staff 
in Australia and internationally from a diverse range of 
ethnicities, religions and cultural backgrounds. 
 
The proportion of women employed by the consolidated 
entity in the following roles is as follows: 
• Board  
 
 
29% 
• Senior executives 
 
27% 
• Office staff 
 
 
42% 
• Engineering  
 
  8% 
• Factory & Workshops 
  9% 
• Consolidated entity  
17% 
 
The Company complies with its reporting obligations as 
a relevant employer under the Workplace Gender 
Equality Act 2012 (Cth). 
 
Senior executives are general managers of key 
business departments.  The senior executive team 
consists of 11 individuals, three of whom are women.  
The Board promotes open and honest disclosure and 
discussion, together with consideration and respect for 
the interests of all stakeholders, at all Board and 
fortnightly management meetings. 
 
In addition, the Board and the senior management of the 
Company regularly consider relevant matters including 
conflicts of interest, corporate opportunities, business 
practices, 
confidentiality, 
fair 
dealing, 
complaints 
handling, protection and proper use of the Company’s 
assets, compliance with laws and regulations and 
reporting unlawful and unethical behaviour. 
 
The Board has ultimate responsibility for resolving all 
matters concerning ethical and responsible decision-
making. 
 
These procedures are designed to ensure that the 
integrity of the Company is maintained and that investor 
confidence is enhanced. 
 
The Company is aware of its legal and other obligations 
to all legitimate stakeholders. The Board believes that  
 
appropriate recognition of these interests will enhance 
shareholder value in the long term. 
 
The Board believes that the shareholders of the Company 
ultimately assess the performance of the Board, its 
committees, individual Directors and senior management 
based on the financial performance of the Company in the 
context of the commercial, legal and ethical framework 
within which the Company operates. 
 
Directors' share trading 
 
The Board of Directors has a formal policy for share 
dealing by Directors. This policy allows for the buying and 
selling of ARB shares only after approval has been 
obtained from the Chairman, with approval only to be 
given in blackout periods in exceptional circumstances 
and when the market is fully informed. 
 
 
4. 
Safeguard Integrity 
 
ARB has an Audit and Risk Committee with a formal 
charter that is available on the Company’s web site 
(http://www.arb.com.au/about/investor-relations/).  
 
The Audit and Risk Committee is composed of four 
independent non-executive Directors of ARB and is 
chaired by one of these independent non-executive 
Directors. 
 
The Board considers that the present composition of the 
Audit and Risk Committee maintains integrity and is most 
operationally effective for a Company of ARB’s size and 
Board composition. 
 
The primary function of the Audit and Risk Committee is to 
recommend to the Board the selection and appointment of 
the external auditors, based on the audit requirements of 
the Company and the independence and suitability of the 
auditors. The Audit and Risk Committee also acts as an 
interface between the Board and the external auditors to: 
 
• 
ensure that the external auditors who are selected 
and appointed remain appropriate to the needs of 
the Company 
• 
review the independence of the external auditors 
• 
ensure the rotation of external audit engagement 
partners 
in 
accordance 
with 
regulatory 
requirements 
• 
review, with management and the auditors, the 
Company's periodic statutory accounts and reports 
• 
review the systems and controls established by 
management to safeguard the assets of the 
Company 
• 
monitor procedures in place aimed at ensuring 
compliance with the Corporations Act and the 
Australian Stock Exchange Listing Rules 
• 
monitor the effective management of financial and 
other business risks. 
 
The Audit and Risk Committee has reviewed the 
independence of the external auditors and is satisfied that 
they are not restricted in forming an independent view on 
the Group's financial report. 
 
The provision of non-audit services by the external 
auditors to the Group has been restricted by the Board to 
ensure audit independence. 
For personal use only
ARB CORPORATION LIMITED 
 
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE STATEMENT (continued) 
4 
 
Further information with respect to the Audit and Risk 
Committee is provided in the Directors’ Report in the 
Company’s Annual Report. 
 
Prior to approving the financial statements, the Board 
received a declaration from the Chief Executive Officer 
and Chief Financial Officer that, in their opinion, the 
financial records have been properly maintained and 
that the financial statements comply with the appropriate 
accounting standards and give a true and fair view of the 
financial position and performance of the Group and that 
the opinion has been formed on the basis of a sound 
system of risk management and internal control which is 
operating effectively. 
 
The Company’s process to verify the integrity of any 
periodic corporate reports released to the market that 
are not audited or reviewed by an external auditor is 
similar to the process it follows for all releases to the 
market and is designed to ensure: 
 
• 
the relevant personnel who prepare the reports 
are appropriately qualified and have appropriate 
information available to them to support the 
relevant report 
• 
that such reports have been checked and 
approved for release by authorised personnel in 
accordance with the Company’s delegation of 
authority 
• 
that relevant personnel are aware of the 
Company’s policies, procedures and practices 
which are designed to assure integrity of process 
and avoid any improper practices which may 
compromise such integrity e.g. Code of Conduct, 
continuous disclosure, whistle-blower and anti-
bribery and corruption policies. 
 
 
5. 
Timely Disclosure of Material Matters 
 
The Company’s aim is to ensure timely, balanced and 
continuous disclosure to the market of all material 
matters concerning the Company in accordance with the 
ASX continuous disclosure regime. 
 
The policies and procedures designed to ensure 
compliance with ASX Listing Rules and Corporations Act 
disclosure requirements and to ensure accountability at 
a senior management level for that compliance are as 
follows: 
• 
the Company must notify the market, via the ASX 
continuous disclosure regime, of any price 
sensitive information 
• 
the Directors, the Company Secretary and the 
Chief Financial Officer are designated as 
Disclosure Officers who are responsible for 
reviewing potential disclosures and deciding what 
information should be disclosed 
• 
only 
a 
Disclosure 
Officer 
may 
authorise 
communication with external parties on behalf of 
the 
Company 
thereby 
safeguarding 
confidentiality of corporate information 
• 
the onus is on all executives to inform a 
Disclosure Officer of all potential disclosures as 
soon as they become aware of the information. 
The senior management team is responsible for 
ensuring staff understand and comply with this 
policy 
• 
ASX and media releases must be approved by a 
Director who is a Disclosure Officer 
• 
All material market announcements are sent to 
members of the Board promptly after they have 
been released 
• 
Copies of presentations to investors or analysts are 
released to the ASX Market Announcements 
Platform ahead of the presentation. 
 
 
6. 
Rights of Shareholders 
 
The shareholders of ARB are responsible for voting on the 
election of Directors at the Annual General Meeting in 
accordance with the Company’s constitution. 
 
The Annual General Meeting also provides shareholders 
with the opportunity to express their views on matters 
concerning the Company and to vote on other items of 
business for resolution by shareholders. ARB’s policy is to 
facilitate and encourage effective shareholder participation 
at general meetings through clear and succinct notices of 
meeting and explanatory notes, taking time to explain the 
Company’s future direction and strategy and through 
direct interaction during question times at each meeting. 
 
ARB requires that the audit partner of the firm of auditors 
attends the Annual General Meeting and is available to 
answer shareholder questions about the conduct of the 
audit and the preparation and content of the auditor’s 
report. 
 
All substantive resolutions at a meeting of security holders 
are decided by a poll rather than by a show of hands. 
 
The Company’s investor relations programme creates 
effective two-way communication with shareholders 
through: 
• 
the Annual Report which is distributed to all 
shareholders 
in 
accordance 
with 
their 
communications preferences 
• 
continuous disclosures made to the ASX pursuant 
to the ASX Listing Rules 
• 
letters to shareholders after half year and full year 
results announcements 
• 
notices and explanatory memoranda in relation to 
resolutions to be put to a vote 
• 
AGMs at which shareholders are given an 
opportunity to participate 
• 
analyst briefings and presentations as appropriate 
• 
the Company’s web site:  
http://www.arb.com.au/about/investor-relations/ 
 
The Company provides security holders with the option of 
receiving 
communications 
from, 
and 
sending 
communications to, the Company and its share registry 
electronically. 
 
 
7. 
Risk Management 
 
The Board has established an Audit and Risk Committee 
to oversee the management of business risks and internal 
controls. The requirement for membership of the Audit and 
Risk Committee is that the member must be a non-
executive Director and able to make a contribution to this 
decision-making process. This committee is composed of 
four independent non-executive Directors of ARB and is 
chaired by one of these independent non-executive 
Directors. The Chief Financial Officer attends the 
Committee meetings. 
 
For personal use only
ARB CORPORATION LIMITED 
 
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE STATEMENT (continued) 
5 
 
The 
Company’s 
senior 
management 
team 
also 
identifies, assesses, monitors and manages business 
risks and internal control procedures by considering 
such matters as part of its regular fortnightly meetings. 
 
Minutes of every senior management team meeting are 
circulated to the Board which has the ultimate 
responsibility of ensuring that the risk mitigation actions 
recommended at these meetings are implemented. 
 
Risk management is a standing agenda item at all Board 
meetings. A Risk Register is maintained and periodically 
reviewed by the Audit and Risk Committee and the 
Board.   
 
The Board reviews the risk management framework of 
the Company annually and is satisfied through its 
evaluation in the current reporting year, that the 
framework remains sound and that the Company is 
operating with due regard to the risk appetite set by the 
Board. 
 
The Company does not have an internal audit function. 
Instead, as noted above, the fortnightly reports of the 
senior management team meetings are circulated to all 
Board members for them to evaluate and continually 
improve the effectiveness of the risk management 
framework and internal control processes. 
 
ARB has identified certain risks that could materially 
impact the Company’s performance and prospects and 
has implemented measures to manage those risks, as 
summarised below: 
 
• 
Economic risk: ARB is exposed to general risks 
posed by the Australian and international economies, 
which may cause general or local downturns in 
consumer confidence and demand and in the 
automotive 
industry 
in 
particular. 
Strategies 
employed to manage these risks include the use of 
multiple facilities for manufacturing, distribution and 
sales. 
 
• 
Foreign exchange risk: ARB is exposed to foreign 
exchange rate influences in its dealings with a 
number of countries. This risk is managed through 
hedging arrangements as required and by operating 
in different currency environments. 
 
• 
Key personnel:  Finding and retaining the right 
employees is important to ARB’s ongoing success. 
ARB has appropriate succession planning strategies 
and career development plans in place to manage 
this risk.  
 
• 
Business continuity risk: ARB faces business 
continuity risks which  may include: a natural disaster 
affecting one or more sites, global pandemics, major 
outage of services (eg electricity), a raw material 
shortage and prolonged failure of a supplier to 
supply a critical component.  This risk is managed 
through businesses spread across multiple sites to 
mitigate site specific risks, site specific Emergency 
Response 
Plans 
and 
appropriate 
policies 
of 
insurance. 
 
• 
Information technology risk: ARB is exposed to 
the risk of a significant IT outage or cyber-attack and 
a loss of confidential data. ARB has in place IT 
backup and disaster recovery plans and regularly 
updates its cyber security. 
 
• 
Tax Risk: The Company has effective policies and 
processes in place to manage tax risk including direct, 
indirect and excise taxes and tariffs. 
 
• 
Regulatory: Regulatory burdens and changes to 
regulatory requirements may adversely impact ARB’s 
competitiveness. ARB addresses this risk though its 
globally diversified facilities and being at the forefront 
of relevant industry technology to meet changing 
regulatory requirements more effectively. 
 
• 
Environmental 
/ 
Sustainability: 
ARB 
is 
not 
significantly impacted by, but complies with, all 
environmental regulations or laws as reported in its 
Environmental, Social and Governance Report located 
at http://www.arb.com.au/about/investor-relations/. 
 
The Company does not face any material exposure to 
risks that would compromise its ability to continue 
operating in a socially and environmentally sustainable 
way. 
 
 
8. 
Fair and Responsible Remuneration 
 
ARB has established a Remuneration and Nomination 
Committee. This Committee is composed of the six non-
executive members of the Board (five of whom are 
independent). The Chairman of the Committee is 
appointed by the Board. 
 
The primary function of the Remuneration and Nomination 
Committee is to review senior executive remuneration 
structures, review senior management succession plans 
and monitor Directors' remuneration levels. 
 
The committee may engage appropriately qualified 
consultants 
to 
provide 
it 
with 
advice 
and 
recommendations. 
 
The committee’s Charter is disclosed in the Investor 
Relations 
section 
of 
the 
Company’s 
web 
site 
(http://www.arb.com.au/about/investor-relations/). 
 
Non-executive Directors are renumerated by way of fees 
and other than statutory superannuation. They do not 
receive any retirement benefits. 
 
The Company has an equity-based Senior Executive 
Performance Rights Plan. The Company’s Share Trading 
Policy specifically prohibits participants in the plan from 
entering into any scheme or arrangement which limits the 
economic risk of entitlements under the plan. 
 
Additional information with respect to remuneration, 
including separate disclosure of policies and practices 
regarding the remuneration of non-executive Directors and 
the remuneration of the Executive Director and other 
senior management, is provided in the Remuneration 
Report in the Company’s Annual Report. 
 
 
For personal use only