BETA Close X Argo Blockchain plc has released a supplementary circular providing updates on its restructuring plan, including a supplementary export evidence report from Kroll Advisory and confirmation from the Nasdaq Hearings Panel that the plan does not constitute a bankruptcy proceeding or a change in control, which would have impacted listing criteria. Shareholders can convert ordinary shares to ADSs, though this may incur a 1.5% stamp duty reserve tax. A matched bargain trading facility with JP Jenkins is also available. Key dates for plan meetings and voting are set for December 2nd and 28th November respectively, with a court sanction hearing scheduled for December 8th. Disclaimer* Argo Blockchain PLC 27 November 2025 Press Release 27 November 2025 Argo Blockchain plc (" Argo " or " the Company ") Supplementary Circular to the Explanatory Statement Argo Blockchain plc provides the following update regarding its proposed restructuring plan under Part 26A of the Companies Act 2006 (the " Restructuring Plan "). Yesterday, Argo published a Supplementary Circular to the Explanatory Statement which provides key updates to Plan Participants since release of the Explanatory Statement dated 7 November 2025. This is available on the Plan Website: https://deals.is.kroll.com/argodocs . The updates are summarised as follows: Supplementary Export Evidence Report The Company has further considered Kroll Advisory's valuation report in light of questions raised by Mr Justice Hildyard at the convening hearing on 5 November 2025. To address those questions, the Company has instructed Kroll Advisory to prepare a supplementary expert evidence report. A copy of this report is appended to the Supplementary Circular to the Explanatory Statement. NASDAQ Update A new paragraph 8.39 is to be added to the Explanatory Statement to provide an update to Plan Participants regarding recent determinations by the Nasdaq Hearings Panel (the "Nasdaq Panel"), with a view to ensuring Plan Participants have all material information necessary for them to make an informed vote for or against the Restructuring Plan at the Plan Meetings on 2 December 2025. Pursuant to an amended decision letter dated 11 November 2025, the Nasdaq Panel determined that the Restructuring Plan (i) does not constitute a bankruptcy proceeding and (ii) does not constitute a business combination resulting in a change in control, which in each case would have otherwise required compliance with Nasdaq's initial listing criteria. Conversion of Ordinary Shares to ADS On 21 November 2025, the Company announced through the regulatory news service that, in addition to the Company establishing a matched bargain trading facility with JP Jenkins, Shareholders also have the option to convert their holding of ordinary shares into ADSs in accordance with the terms of the depositary agreement, which, subject to the Company regaining and maintaining compliance with the Nasdaq Stock Market's applicable listing criteria, can be freely traded on the Nasdaq Stock Market. For completeness, the terms of that announcement are now incorporated into Part 3 of the Explanatory Statement. Stamp Duty Reserve Tax consequences of conversion of Ordinary Shares into ADSs The Company has given further consideration to the tax effect of conversion of Ordinary Shares into ADSs. The Company has been advised that the transfer of the Ordinary Shares to the Depositary may give rise to a 1.5% charge to stamp duty reserve tax on the market value of the Ordinary Shares at the date of transfer. JP Jenkins trading facility The Company has provided further information about the JP Jenkins trading facility. To the extent that any Shareholder is unable to convert their existing equity interests into ADSs and/or participate in the matched bargain facility, in either case as a result of their existing intermediary broker being unable to support such conversion or private market trading, such Shareholders should be able to transfer their holdings to alternative intermediary brokers who are able to action such conversion to ADSs or facilitate participation in the matched bargain facility. If any Shareholder is unable to identify such an appropriate intermediary broker, please contact the Company at Argo@fladgate.com who will be able to assist in providing a list of appropriate brokers providing such service. The Company notes that JP Jenkins provide on its website a list of brokers who frequently work with JP Jenkins. That list is available at brokers-list - JP Jenkins . Timetable and voting The key times and dates of the Restructuring Plan are as follows: Event Time (GMT) and date Shareholder plan meeting 2.00 p.m. on 2 December 2025 General meeting of Shareholders to consider Rule 9 waiver 2.30 p.m. on 2 December 2025 Noteholder plan meeting 3.00 p.m. on 2 December 2025 Secured Lender plan meeting 4.00 p.m. on 2 December 2025 Court sanction hearing Time to be confirmed on 8 December 2025 Voting forms for the Shareholder, Noteholder and Secured Lender plan meetings should be completed and returned by 9:00 a.m. New York (EST) / 2:00 p.m. London (GMT) time on 28 November 2025. Persons with an interest in the Company's ordinary shares or ADSs or notes held via a nominee or intermediary (such as a stockbroker or custodian or depositary) should note that such nominees or intermediaries will set earlier deadlines for receipt of voting instructions from beneficial owners to allow the collation of votes by such entities and the submission of voting forms by the deadline above. Shareholders have been sent hard copy proxy forms for the Shareholder plan meeting and for the general meeting of shareholders to consider the Rule 9 waiver. Shareholders should return both proxies to Computershare Investor Services PLC in accordance with the instructions on the proxy forms. The form for the plan meeting must be returned by 2.00 p.m. (GMT) on 28 November 2025 and the form for the general meeting must be returned by 2.30 p.m. (GMT) on the same date. Noteholders and the Secured Lender should complete a voting form online through the Plan Website ( https://deals.is.kroll.com/argo ). For assistance in completing the form, Noteholders and the Secured Lender should contact Kroll Issuer Services Limited, telephone +44 20 7089 0909 or email argo@is.kroll.com Town hall meeting video and transcript The Company's town hall meeting, at which Shareholders, Noteholders and other persons interested in the Restructuring Plan, had an opportunity to ask questions about the plan, was held on 19 November 2025. For those Plan Participants that were not able to attend the meeting, a video and transcript of it has been uploaded to both the Plan Website ( https://deals.is.kroll.com/argo ) and the Company's website ( https://www.argoblockchain.com/investors/financial-information/uk-restructuring-plan ). General Documents relating to the Restructuring Plan, including details of how to vote at the plan meetings being held on 2 December 2025, are available at https://deals.is.kroll.com/argo . The Restructuring Plan has been structured to enable the Company to rely on the exemption from registration provided by Section 3(a)(10) of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and certain other available exemptions under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 and applicable state securities laws, in each case with respect to securities expected to be issued under the plan. For further information of a general nature regarding the Restructuring Plan (including on the voting procedure), please contact Fladgate LLP, the Company's legal advisers, and for further information on the voting procedure, Noteholders and the Secured Lender should please contact the Information Agent and Shareholders should please contact Computershare: FLADGATE LLP Email: Argo@fladgate.com Address: 16 Great Queen Street, London, WC2B 5DG Attention: Jeremy Whiteson THE INFORMATION AGENT Email: argo@is.kroll.com Attention: Argo team COMPUTERSHARE Email: ir@argoblockchain.com Attention: Computershare THE RETAIL ADVOCATE Email: jy@abadvocate.co.uk Attention: Jon Yorke About Argo: Argo Blockchain plc is a dual-listed (LSE: ARB; NASDAQ: ARBK) blockchain technology company focused on large-scale cryptocurrency mining. With a mining facility in Quebec and offices in the US, Canada, and the UK, Argo's global, sustainable operations are predominantly powered by renewable energy. In 2021, Argo became the first climate positive cryptocurrency mining company, and a signatory to the Crypto Climate Accord. For more information, visit www.argoblockchain.com . Forward looking statements This announcement contains "forward-looking statements," which can be identified by words like "may," "will," "likely," "should," "expect," "anticipate," "future," "plan," "believe," "intend," "goal," "seek," "estimate," "project," "continue" and similar expressions. Forward-looking statements are neither historical facts nor assurances of future performance. Instead, they are based only on the Company's current beliefs, expectations and assumptions regarding the future of its business, future plans and strategies, projections, anticipated events and trends, the economy and other future conditions. Because forward-looking statements relate to the future, they are subject to inherent uncertainties, risks and changes in circumstances that are difficult to predict and many of which are outside of the Company's control. The information in this announcement about the proposed Restructuring Plan and its expected effects; the Company's operating and financial outlook; and internal estimates, projections, forecasts, and valuation analyses are forward-looking statements. Therefore, you should not rely on any of these forward-looking statements. Important factors that could cause the Company's actual results and financial condition to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements include market conditions; the Company's ability to implement the proposed Restructuring Plan on the expected timeline or at all; the ability to retain the Company's listing on Nasdaq; operational, financial, regulatory, tax and legal risks; assumptions underlying revenue, EBITDA and valuation estimates; and the principal risks and uncertainties described in the risk factors set forth in the Company's Annual Report and Financial Statements and Form 20-F for the year ended 31 December 2024. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Argo Blockchain (ARB) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 44 minutes ago British American Tobacco 46 minutes ago Staffline Group 49 minutes ago Bunzl 49 minutes ago British American Tobacco 1 hour ago Howden Joinery Group All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and