Page 1 of 2 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ASX ANNOUNCEMENT  
 
 
11 September 2026 
 
 
CHANGES TO THE BOARD OF ARB CORPORATION LIMITED 
 
Retirement of Mr Andrew Stott from the ARB Board 
 
ARB Corporation Limited (“ARB” or the “Company”) advises that Mr Andrew Stott will retire as a 
Non-Executive Director with effect from the conclusion of the Company’s Annual General 
Meeting on 15 October 2026 (“AGM”). 
 
Mr Stott joined the Board in 2006. His deep industry knowledge, extensive experience and 
strategic insight have been valuable in guiding the Company through a period of substantial 
expansion, innovation and increasing international presence. 
 
Robert Fraser, Chairman, said, "On behalf of the Board, management and shareholders, I would 
like to sincerely thank Andrew for his outstanding service and commitment to ARB over the past 
two decades. Andrew's deep understanding of the automotive aftermarket and four-wheel drive 
industries has been instrumental in supporting the Board's decision-making and long-term 
strategic direction. His experience, sound judgement and industry perspective have helped 
position ARB as the leading brand it is today.” 
 
Mr Stott's significant contribution to ARB over the past 20 years has been highly valued by the 
Board and management team, and we wish him every success for the future. 
 
Appointment of Mr Ian Foston as a Director  
 
The Directors of ARB are pleased to recommend to shareholders the election of Mr Ian Foston as 
a Non-Executive Director of ARB at the upcoming Annual General Meeting on 15 October 2026 
(“AGM”).  The Board’s formal recommendation will be contained in the Notice of Meeting for 
the AGM to be released today. 
 
Mr Foston is a passionate off-road enthusiast. He has travelled across most continents in ARB-
modified vehicles, testing the limits of both vehicles and accessories whilst exploring some of the 
world’s most remote and challenging locations. Professionally, Ian is a highly credentialed 
automotive leader with more than 30 years’ experience delivering complex, high-value vehicle 
programs across multiple regions and technologies. He has led the development of several of the 
industry’s most iconic products, including Ford Ranger, Bronco, Transit, Land Rover Defender, 
For personal use only
2 
 
Range Rover and Mini, spanning internal combustion engine, hybrid, electric and fuel-cell 
architectures.  
 
Mr Foston has held senior leadership roles with Ford, Jaguar Land Rover and Ford Otosan and is 
a Chartered Engineer in both the UK and Australia. 
 
Mr Fraser said, “We look forward to welcoming Ian to the Board. His deep knowledge of ARB’s 
products and their in-field use, insight into the evolving automotive landscape, particularly 
vehicle electrification and emerging market entrants, and extensive engineering and 
manufacturing experience will further strengthen the Board and complement its existing mix of 
skills and experience.” 
 
If Mr Foston is elected, his appointment will take effect at the conclusion of the AGM, maintaining 
the number of Directors on the Board at seven following the retirement of Mr Andrew Stott. It is 
intended that Mr Foston will become a member of the Remuneration & Nomination Committee, 
replacing Mr Stott.  
 
The Board’s succession planning and renewal process ensure that its composition continues to 
align with the Company's strategic priorities and future growth opportunities. 
 
These changes maintain an appropriate balance between the valuable knowledge and experience 
of long-serving directors and the fresh perspectives, insights and expertise brought by new 
directors with complementary skills and relevant industry experience. 
 
 
This announcement was approved for release by the Chairman of the Board. 
For personal use only