BETA Close X Argo Blockchain plc has announced an online town hall meeting for retail note and share holders on November 19, 2025, at 4 p.m. GMT to discuss its proposed restructuring plan. Key dates for the restructuring process include shareholder and noteholder plan meetings on December 2, 2025, and a court sanction hearing on December 8, 2025. Documents and voting procedures are available online, and the plan is structured to comply with U.S. securities regulations. Disclaimer* Argo Blockchain PLC 13 November 2025 Press Release 13 November 2025 Argo Blockchain plc (" Argo " or " the Company ") Restructuring Plan - town hall meeting Timetable Argo Blockchain plc provides the following updates regarding its proposed restructuring plan under Part 26A of the Companies Act 2006 (the " Restructuring Plan "). Town Hall Meeting As mentioned in the Company's explanatory statement accompanying the Restructuring Plan, the Company will hold an online only "town hall" meeting at which management will address retail holders of the Company's notes and shares on the Restructuring Plan and the Retail Advocate will also address retail holders and reiterate his role. The main purpose of the Town Hall is to enable retail holders of the Company's notes and shares to have the opportunity to ask questions about the Restructuring Plan and make their views about any aspect of it known. If you have any questions or concerns you are encouraged to attend. You are free to attend (and indeed are encouraged to do so) even if you hold your notes or shares through a broker or other intermediary. The town hall meeting will be held online on Wednesday 19 November 2025 at 4 p.m. (GMT) / 11 a.m. (Eastern). Those wishing to attend the town hall meeting should register in advance at: https://www.investormeetcompany.com/argo-blockchain-plc/register For the avoidance of doubt, no individual legal, financial or tax advice will be provided, and attendees should seek their own independent advice. Timetable The key times and dates of the Restructuring Plan are as follows: Event Time (GMT) and date Town hall meeting 4 p.m. on 19 November 2025 Shareholder plan meeting 2.00 p.m. on 2 December 2025 General meeting of shareholders to consider Rule 9 waiver 2.30 p.m. on 2 December 2025 Noteholder plan meeting 3.00 p.m. on 2 December 2025 Secured lender plan meeting 4.00 p.m. on 2 December 2025 Court sanction hearing Time to be confirmed on 8 December 2025 General Documents relating to the Restructuring Plan, including details of how to vote at the plan meetings being held on 2 December 2025, are available at https://deals.is.kroll.com/argo . The Restructuring Plan has been structured to enable the Company to rely on the exemption from registration provided by Section 3(a)(10) of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and certain other available exemptions under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 and applicable state securities laws, in each case with respect to securities expected to be issued under the plan. For further information of a general nature regarding the Restructuring Plan (including on the voting procedure), please contact Fladgate LLP, the Company's legal advisers, and for further information on the voting procedure, Noteholders and the Secured Lender should please contact the Information Agent and Shareholders should please contact Computershare: FLADGATE LLP Email: Argo@fladgate.com Address: 16 Great Queen Street, London, WC2B 5DG Attention: Jeremy Whiteson THE INFORMATION AGENT Email: argo@is.kroll.com Attention: Argo team COMPUTERSHARE Email: ir@argoblockchain.com Attention: Computershare THE RETAIL ADVOCATE Email: jy@abadvocate.co.uk Attention: Jon Yorke About Argo: Argo Blockchain plc is a dual-listed (LSE: ARB; NASDAQ: ARBK) blockchain technology company focused on large-scale cryptocurrency mining. With a mining facility in Quebec and offices in the US, Canada, and the UK, Argo's global, sustainable operations are predominantly powered by renewable energy. In 2021, Argo became the first climate positive cryptocurrency mining company, and a signatory to the Crypto Climate Accord. For more information, visit www.argoblockchain.com . Forward looking statements This announcement contains "forward-looking statements," which can be identified by words like "may," "will," "likely," "should," "expect," "anticipate," "future," "plan," "believe," "intend," "goal," "seek," "estimate," "project," "continue" and similar expressions. Forward-looking statements are neither historical facts nor assurances of future performance. Instead, they are based only on the Company's current beliefs, expectations and assumptions regarding the future of its business, future plans and strategies, projections, anticipated events and trends, the economy and other future conditions. Because forward-looking statements relate to the future, they are subject to inherent uncertainties, risks and changes in circumstances that are difficult to predict and many of which are outside of the Company's control. The information in this announcement about the proposed Restructuring Plan and its expected effects; the Company's operating and financial outlook; and internal estimates, projections, forecasts, and valuation analyses are forward-looking statements. Therefore, you should not rely on any of these forward-looking statements. Important factors that could cause the Company's actual results and financial condition to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements include market conditions; the Company's ability to implement the proposed Restructuring Plan on the expected timeline or at all; the ability to retain the Company's listing on Nasdaq; operational, financial, regulatory, tax and legal risks; assumptions underlying revenue, EBITDA and valuation estimates; and the principal risks and uncertainties described in the risk factors set forth in the Company's Annual Report and Financial Statements and Form 20-F for the year ended 31 December 2024. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Argo Blockchain (ARB) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 18 minutes ago Montanaro European Smaller Companies Trust 41 minutes ago Smith & Nephew 1 hour ago Bloomsbury Publishing 1 hour ago NATWEST GROUP 2 hours ago British American Tobacco All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and