Term Sheet for up to $40 Million Financing Argo Blockchain PLC 03 March 2025 Press Release 3 March 2025 Argo Blockchain plc ("Argo" or "the Company") Term Sheet for up to $40 Million Financing NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION TO UNITED STATES NEWS WIRE SERVICES OR FOR DISSEMINATION IN THE UNITED STATES. Argo Blockchain plc (LSE: ARB; NASDAQ: ARBK) is pleased to announce that it entered into a non-binding term sheet for up to $40 million in senior secured convertible loans (the " Financing ") on 25 February 2025. The initial tranche of the Financing would be $15 million with follow on tranches of up to $25 million advanced over the next 18 months. The proceeds of the Financing are to be used to refresh Argo's Baie Comeau, Quebec mining fleet, to strengthen the balance sheet, and to assess a pipeline of merger and acquisition possibilities. The Financing will be non-amortizing, will carry an interest rate of approximately 8% and will have a conversion premium of 25% to the closing price of Argo's shares the day before the definitive documents are signed. The Financing is expected to be funded by up to three multinational institutional investors (" Investor Group ") and will include 30% warrant coverage, also at a premium to the closing price. The Investor Group will have three seats on the board upon completion of definitive documents and shareholder approval. The Company has granted the Investor Group a 20-day exclusivity period (extensions to be considered in good faith depending on progress made) and agreed to pay a break fee of $150,000 in certain circumstances. Shareholder approval and a waiver by the Takeover Panel of Rule 9 of the Takeover Code will be required to implement the Financing and the Company will be required to issue a prospectus for admission of the shares resulting from the Financing and the warrant. This news release does not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy any securities in the United States. The securities offered hereby have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the " 1933 Act ") or any state securities laws and may not be offered or sold in the United States or to U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S under the 1933 Act) unless the securities have been registered under the 1933 Act and all applicable state securities laws, or are otherwise exempt from such registration. No Assurance of Definitive Agreements There can be no assurance that any definitive agreements for the Financing will be signed or that the Financing will be consummated. Should Argo be unsuccessful in completing the Financing, Argo may need to explore other financing opportunities. The Company is endeavoring to complete such Financing to provide the Company with working capital sufficient for its present requirements, that is for at least the next twelve months from the date of this announcement. Chairman of the Board, Matt Shaw commented: "We believe that this financing will allow profitable growth at Argo and strengthen our balance sheet. The Argo team is working closely with the Investor Group to clear due diligence and refine our business plan in a timely manner. The Company looks forward to providing further updates as they crystallize." This announcement contains inside information. For further information please contact: Argo Blockchain Investor Relations ir@argoblockchain.com Tennyson Securities Corporate Broker Peter Krens +44 207 186 9030 Fortified Securities Joint Broker Guy Wheatley, CFA +44 7493 989014 guy.wheatley@fortifiedsecurities.com Tancredi Intelligent Communication UK & Europe Media Relations argoblock@tancredigroup.com About Argo: Argo Blockchain plc is a dual-listed (LSE: ARB; NASDAQ: ARBK) blockchain technology company focused on large-scale cryptocurrency mining. With a mining facility in Quebec and offices in the US, Canada, and the UK, Argo's global, sustainable operations are predominantly powered by renewable energy. In 2021, Argo became the first climate positive cryptocurrency mining company, and a signatory to the Crypto Climate Accord. For more information, visit www.argoblockchain.com . This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Argo Blockchain (ARB) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 hour ago South32 Limited (DI) 2 hours ago Greatland Gold 3 hours ago Audioboom Group 16 hours ago Legal & General Group 18 hours ago Senior All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and