2024 Annual Results and Restoration of Listing Argo Blockchain PLC 09 May 2025 Press Release 9 May 2025 Argo Blockchain plc (" Argo " or " the Company ") 2024 Annual Results Restoration of Listing Argo Blockchain plc (LSE: ARB; NASDAQ: ARBK), is pleased to announce its audited results for the year ended 31 December 2024. All figures have been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board ("IFRS") and are stated in U.S. dollars. The directors have adopted the going concern basis of accounting in the preparation of the annual financial statements; more detail can be found in the accounting policies. However, the directors note that the debt service requirements, lower operating margins, and the volatile economic and industry environment, indicate the existence of material uncertainties that may cast significant doubt regarding the applicability of the going concern assumption, and the auditors have made reference to this in their audit report and additional information is included in Note 3 to the financial statements. Highlights · Total number of Bitcoin mined during 2024 was 755, or 2.1 Bitcoin per day (2023: 1,760, or 4.8 Bitcoin per day). · Revenues of $47.1 million (2023: $50.6 million), a decrease of 7% from 2023, driven primarily by the reduced hashprice resulting from the Bitcoin halving. · Mining margin of 33%, down from 43% in 2023. Similar to revenue, this decrease was largely attributable to the reduced hashprice resulting from the Bitcoin halving in April 2024. · Reduced non-mining operating costs by 34% in 2024 compared to the prior year. · Adjusted EBITDA of $5.7 million, compared to $7.7 million in 2023. · Net loss of $55.1 million, compared to a net loss of $34.6 million in 2023. The net loss was primarily the result of a $31.5 million asset impairment, $15.0 million of amortization and $6.8 million of interest expense. · Reduced interest expense by 41%, as a result of fully repaying the Galaxy debt during 2024. · Net debt (cash less debt obligations) was reduced by $24.1 million from $55.1 million at 31 December 2023 to $31.0 million at 31 December 2024. As at 31 December 2024, the Company had $8.6 million of cash, compared to $7.4 million at 31 December 2023. As at 31 March 2025, the Company had a cash balance of $2.4 million. The decrease from December reflects the costs required for refurbishing machines, Helios power payment for December 2024, significantly reduced mining margins, and hosting deposits. Post-period highlights The Group signed hosting agreements with Merkle Standard LLC to host 9,315 miners at Merkle's Memphis, Tennessee location and up to 4,000 machines at its Washington State location. Approximately 1,232 units were sent to the Group's Baie Comeau facility. A further approximately 8,000 units (6,000 were sold after 31 March 2025) were sold for cash proceeds of approximately $2.0 million. Our go forward hashrate, reflective of the machine sales, is expected to be 1.7 exahash. During the month of April we continued the deployment of our Helios miners to our hosting sites and mined 13 Bitcoin. The deployment of these units will be completed by the end of May 2025. Commenting on the results, Justin Nolan, Argo Blockchain CEO, said, " The repayment of the Galaxy debt during 2024 was a major achievement for the team, as was the successful refurbishment and rehosting of the Helios fleet. We continue to work on strengthening the balance sheet and pursuing strategic options. " The tables below reconcile Bitcoin and Bitcoin Equivalent Mining Margin to gross margin, the most directly comparable IFRS measure, and Adjusted EBITDA to net income/(loss), the most directly comparable IFRS measure: Year ended Year ended 31-Dec 31-Dec 2024 2023 $'000 $'000 Gross profit 1,457 3,101 Depreciation of mining equipment 14,171 18,656 Mining profit 15,628 21,757 Bitcoin and Bitcoin Equivalent Mining Margin 33% 43% The following table shows a reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA to net income/(loss), the most directly comparable IFRS measure, for the years ended 31 December 2024 and 31 December 2023. Year ended Year ended 31-Dec 31-Dec 2024 2023 $'000 $'000 Net loss (55,102) (34,637) Interest expense 6,810 11,556 Depreciation / amortisation 15,024 20,129 Income tax expense 340 - EBITDA (32,928) (2,952) Impairment of assets 31,498 855 Impairment of intangible assets 468 1,082 Loss/(gain) on sale of subsidiary and investments 842 (36) Loss on sale of fixed assets 429 - Loss/(gain) on disposal of intangible assets 98 (1,166) Foreign exchange (458) (1,914) Restructuring and transaction-related fees 1,976 4,969 Share based payment charge 3,759 3,892 Equity accounted loss from associate 0 716 Write off of investment 0 2,236 Adjusted EBITDA 5,684 7,682 Restoration of Listing The Company would like to advise that, further to this announcement, it has now requested that the suspension of the Company's listing be lifted by the Financial Conduct Authority as soon as possible to enable trading of the Company's shares to resume. This announcement contains inside information. For further information please contact: Argo Blockchain Investor Relations ir@argoblockchain.com Tennyson Securities Corporate Broker Peter Krens +44 207 186 9030 Fortified Securities Joint Broker Guy Wheatley, CFA +44 7493 989014 guy.wheatley@fortifiedsecurities.com Tancredi Intelligent Communication UK & Europe Media Relations argoblock@tancredigroup.com About Argo: Argo Blockchain plc is a dual-listed (LSE: ARB; NASDAQ: ARBK) blockchain technology company focused on large-scale cryptocurrency mining. With a mining facility in Quebec and offices in the US, Canada, and the UK, Argo's global, sustainable operations are predominantly powered by renewable energy. In 2021, Argo became the first climate positive cryptocurrency mining company, and a signatory to the Crypto Climate Accord. For more information, visit www.argoblockchain.com . Forward looking statements This announcement contains "forward-looking statements," which can be identified by words like "may," "will," "likely," "should," "expect," "anticipate," "future," "plan," "believe," "intend," "goal," "seek," "estimate," "project," "continue" and similar expressions. Forward-looking statements are neither historical facts nor assurances of future performance. Instead, they are based only on the Company's current beliefs, expectations and assumptions regarding the future of its business, future plans and strategies, projections, anticipated events and trends, the economy and other future conditions. Because forward-looking statements relate to the future, they are subject to inherent uncertainties, risks and changes in circumstances that are difficult to predict and many of which are outside of the Company's control. The information in this announcement about future plans and objectives of the Company are forward-looking statements. The Company's actual results and financial condition may differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements. Therefore, you should not rely on any of these forward-looking statements. Important factors that could cause the Company's actual results and financial condition to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements include, market and other conditions, the principal risks and uncertainties listed in the risk factors set forth in our Annual Report and Financial Statements and Form 20-F for the year ended 31 December 2024. CHAIRMAN'S STATEMENT For the past 24 months, the Company has focused on three key pillars: financial discipline, operational excellence, and strategic partnerships for growth. We have made significant progress on financial discipline and operational excellence; strategic partnerships will be key for 2025 as Argo aims to strengthen its balance sheet and grow its hashrate. Financial Discipline The focus for Argo has been to reduce the high-interest rate debt owing to Galaxy. The $35 million debt owed to Galaxy began amortising at $1.1 million per month in May 2023. As noted in my 28 August 2024 update to shareholders, I am pleased to report that Argo has repaid the full amount of this loan to Galaxy as announced by the Company on August 12th. This Galaxy debt was repaid four months ahead of the revised schedule, and nearly 18 months ahead of the original repayment schedule. The early repayment reflects the Company's focus on strengthening its balance sheet, reducing its financial liabilities, and focusing on operational excellence. Repayment was made possible by using cash flow generated from operations, cash generated from equity raises and cash generated through the sale of non-core assets without any meaningful impact to Argo's hash rate. Repaying the Galaxy loan was a significant milestone for Argo. With the unsecured bonds maturing in November 2026, Argo will turn its attention to either refinancing, restructuring or buying back these bonds. Revenue in 2024 was $47 million, compared to $50.6 million in 2023. Non-mining operating expenses were $13 million, a decrease from $19 million in 2023. Adjusted EBITDA was $5.6 million, compared to $7.7 million in 2023. Loss attributable to shareholders totalled $44.3 million. Our cash balance at December 31, 2024 was $8.6 million. Operational Excellence 2024 saw the end of Argo's relationship with the Helios facility. After constructing and energizing the facility in 2021 and 2022, selling the facility to Galaxy in late 2022 with a two year hosting agreement, Argo has now exited the facility. We are pleased with the new hosting arrangements we have announced with Merkle, in both Tennessee and Washington State during the early part of 2025. And we have utilized additional capacity at our owned site in Baie Comeau, Quebec. We took the opportunity to improve our liquidity by selling some of the refurbished machines subsequent to year end. Highlights in 2024 included the sale of the Mirabel facility which was completed with no meaningful loss to Argo's hash rate. The significant reduction in operating expenses in the first half of 2024 compared to 2022 and 2023, and the strong mining margin percentage despite the Bitcoin halving are indications of Argo's strong performance. The Mirabel sale enabled the Company to de-lever the balance sheet with minimal impact to the Company's hash rate. Following the sale, Argo relocated the majority of the mining machines at Mirabel to its Baie Comeau facility and sold certain prior generation machines representing approximately 140 PH/s. The sale allowed the Company to streamline its operations by locating all self-mining machines at its Baie Comeau facility. Additionally, the sale of Mirabel reduces the Company's non-mining operating expenses by $0.7 million annually. Argo has taken aggressive action on its cost structure and non-mining operating expenses. As compared to the second half of fiscal 2022, the Company has reduced its operating expenses by over 70%. The Company will continue to reduce headcount to decrease costs in the first half of 2025. Despite the Bitcoin halving and the lower hash price realised since then, the Company maintained strong mining margins and its mining margin percentage has remained consistent with 2023. The first quarter of 2025 was a transition quarter for Argo as the Helios machines were refurbished and sent to new locations. We expect that as of 31 May 2025 we will have all of the Helios units either re-hosted or sold. Growth and strategic partnerships The strengthened balance sheet and repayment of the Galaxy debt gives Argo more flexibility to pursue strategic opportunities moving forward. Public announcements have been made informing the market of non-binding financing arrangements and we will continue to update the market on our progress. The Company continues to explore opportunities where mining can be paired with stranded or wasted energy. There is tremendous potential for energy generators to utilise mining as a balancing and optimization tool, particularly in the energy transition where limitations currently exist in the ability to store renewable energy. For 2025, the Company will continue to focus on its three pillars - financial discipline, operational excellence and growth and strategic partnerships. We are excited to have Justin Nolan join Argo as CEO effective March 22, 2025. On behalf of the Board, I would like to thank Tom for his leadership during his tenure as CEO, our management team for their resilience and focus, and to all of our shareholders and stakeholders. We remain committed to optimising our capital structure and driving long-term value for our shareholders. Matthew Shaw Chairman of the Board 8 May 2025 BOARD OF DIRECTORS Matthew Shaw (Chairman of the Board) Matthew Shaw has served on our board of directors since July 2019, and he became Chairman of the Board in February 2023. He brings over 25 years of experience as an international banker, corporate adviser, and serial entrepreneur. He has been specializing in the blockchain and cryptocurrency sector since 2017. He is currently Chief Executive Officer of Webslinger Advisors, a specialist web3 advisory and administration firm which provides services to Cayman Foundations/DAOs. He previously co-founded Protos Asset Management, a Swiss company that manages a cryptocurrency fund, and co-founded DeFi Yield Technologies, a DeFi firm acquired by Dispersion Holdings (now AQRU). He is also currently Chief Executive Officer of Blimp Technologies and is also president of a proprietary family investment company. Mr. Shaw holds a B.A. in English Language and Literature from Manchester University and an M.B.A. from Bradford University. Raghav Chopra (Non-Executive Director) Raghav Chopra is an investor with over 16 years of experience and is currently a Managing Partner of a privately held investment firm. He was previously a Portfolio Manager for AllianceBernstein LP and a technology investor for leading asset managers. Prior to that, Mr. Chopra was an Associate in private equity at The Carlyle Group and an Analyst in investment banking at Goldman, Sachs & Co. Mr. Chopra serves on the Board of the Harvard Club of New York City Foundation and is a member of the Economic Club of New York. Mr. Chopra holds a B.S. in Electrical Engineering and Economics with Distinction from Yale University, and an M.B.A. with High Distinction from the Harvard Business School, where he was named a George F. Baker Scholar. Maria Perrella (Non-Executive Director) Maria Perrella has served on our board of directors since July 2021. Over the last 25 years, Ms. Perrella has held several senior leadership positions and currently Maria Perrella serves as Chief Financial Officer of Samuel, Son & Co., a leading metals distributor and industrial products manufacturer. Previously, she served as the Chief Financial Officer of MDA, a Canadian-based international space mission partner, and she spent the previous 12 years at Automation Tooling Systems Inc. (ATS.TSX), when it was a TSX-listed automation company with over 4,500 employees across six countries. Her various roles have allowed her to develop skills in financial planning and corporate governance and compliance, and her many years as a Chief Financial Officer have provided her with extensive experience in mergers and acquisitions, capital markets, and strategic corporate finance. Maria graduated from the Schulich School of Business (BBA) and is a Chartered Public Accountant in Ontario, Canada. Justin Nolan (Executive Director) Justin Nolan has served as our Chief Executive Officer since 22 March, 2025. Mr. Nolan most recently was Chief Executive Officer at Arkon Energy, a digital infrastructure company. Prior to his role at Arkon Energy, Mr. Nolan served as Chief Growth Officer at Argo. In this capacity, he played a pivotal role in expanding the Company's operations, including the development of the Helios project. Earlier in his career, Nolan co-founded and led DPN LLC, which was instrumental in the initial development of the Helios project before its acquisition by Argo Blockchain in March 2021. Mr. Nolan graduated from Johns Hopkins University in 2004. STRATEGIC REPORT The directors present their strategic report on the Group for the year ended 31 December 2024. Principal activity The Group's principal activity is that of cryptocurrency mining. Review of the business and future developments Argo Blockchain plc (the "Company") was incorporated on 5 December 2017. Argo Blockchain plc is the parent holding company of the Argo group of companies including Argo Innovation Labs Inc., a British Columbia, Canada Corporation, and Argo Operating US LLC, a Delaware, United States Limited Liability Corporation (collectively "Argo" or "the Group"). On 3 August 2018 the Company's Ordinary Shares were admitted to the standard segment of the Official List maintained by the Financial Conduct Authority and to trading on the London Stock Exchange's Main Market. The Company's American Depositary Shares (ADSs) have traded on the Nasdaq Stock Market ("Nasdaq") since 24 September 2021. The Chairman's statement provides an in-depth review of 2024, so this strategic report is instead looking forward to the plans and intentions of the Group. Group strategy and business model We are targeting a balance between owning and operating our own mining facilities and utilizing third party facilities with access to reliable, low-cost and renewable energy. Throughout the Company's history, we have invested in purchasing, building and operating mining facilities. We will continue to explore the acquisition and development of future mining facilities that provide opportunities to utilize wasted or stranded energy. This could include using mobile and/or modular mining infrastructure. We will continue to evaluate opportunities from hosting providers that offer reliable, low-cost, and clean power in order to balance the gap between our available capacity and the power needed to run our mining operations. We believe the combination of increased mining difficulty, driven by greater network hashrate, and the periodic adjustment of reward rates, such as the recent halving of Bitcoin rewards, will increase the importance of power efficiency in cryptocurrency mining over the long term. As a result, we are focused on deploying our mining machines at locations with access to reliable clean power sources, as successfully doing so should enable us to reduce our power costs. As our fleet ages and becomes less efficient, we will need to raise capital to revitalize our fleet. Performance of the business during the period and the position at the end of the year The financial results for 2024 reflect the Bitcoin halving in April 2024 which reduced our Bitcoin mining production from May through December as compared to 2023. Key performance indicators The Board monitors the activities and performance of the Group on a continuing basis. The main performance indicators applicable for the Group is mining revenue and mining profit. KPI 2024 2023 % Change Mining revenue ($000s) 47,017 50,558 -7% Mining profit 1 ($000s) 15,628 21,757 -28% Mining margin 33% 43% -10% Bitcoin mined 2 (number) 755 1,760 -57% Total hashrate capacity (EH/s) 2.7 2.8 -4% Average network difficulty (T) 87.3 40.4 116% 1. Mining profit is defined as mining revenue minus direct costs (excluding depreciation and amortization of mining equipment). 2. The decrease in bitcoin mined is largely due to the halving which occurred in April 2024. Non-IFRS Reconciliation The following table shows a reconciliation of Bitcoin Mining Margin to gross margin, the most directly comparable IFRS measure, for the years ended December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023. Year ended Year ended 31-Dec 31-Dec 2024 2023 $'000 $'000 Gross profit 1,457 3,101 Depreciation of mining equipment 14,171 18,656 Mining profit 15,628 21,757 Bitcoin and Bitcoin Equivalent Mining Margin 33% 43% The following table shows a reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA to net income/(loss), the most directly comparable IFRS measure, for the years ended December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023. Year ended Year ended 31-Dec 31-Dec 2024 2023 $'000 $'000 Net loss (55,102) (34,637) Interest expense 6,810 11,556 Depreciation / amortisation 15,024 20,129 Income tax expense 340 - EBITDA (32,928) (2,952) Impairment of assets 31,498 855 Impairment of intangible assets 468 1,082 Loss/(gain) on sale of subsidiary and investments 842 (36) Loss on sale of fixed assets 429 - Loss/(gain) on disposal of intangible assets 98 (1,166) Foreign exchange (458) (1,914) Restructuring and transaction-related fees 1,976 4,969 Share based payment charge 3,759 3,892 Equity accounted loss from associate - 716 Write off of investment - 2,236 Adjusted EBITDA 5,684 7,682 Principal risk and uncertainties While the Group focuses on self-mining, the Board considers the principal risks for the Group to be volatility in the cryptocurrency market, specifically downside risk to Bitcoin, energy price risk, access to the capital markets, and general sentiment regarding crypto assets as a whole. The Group operates in an uncertain environment and is subject to a number of risk factors. The Board considers the following to be of particular relevance, but this is by no means an exhaustive list as there may be other risk factors not currently known. Liquidity risk The Group has limited cash resources, limited ability to raise funds and has significant debt obligations. In addition, only a portion of the Group's fleet operated in the first quarter of 2025 as a result of moving machines to new hosting facilities. For more detail, see Note 2 Going Concern in the audited financial statements. Market conditions Market conditions, including the cryptocurrency market values and general economic conditions and their effect on exchange rates, interest rates, and inflation rates, may impact the ultimate value of the Group regardless of its operating performance. The Group also faces competition from other organisations, some of which may have greater resources. Tax Risk A tax authority may disagree with tax positions that the Company has taken, which could result in increased tax liabilities. For example, His Majesty's Revenue & Customs ("HMRC"), Revenue Quebec, the Canada Revenue Agency, the IRS or another tax authority could challenge the Company's allocation of income by tax jurisdiction and the amounts paid between the Company's affiliated companies pursuant to the Company's intercompany arrangements and transfer pricing policies, including amounts paid with respect to the Company's intellectual property development. Similarly, a tax authority could assert that the Company is subject to tax in a jurisdiction where the Company believes it has not established a taxable connection and such an assertion, if successful, could increase the Company's expected tax liability in one or more jurisdictions. A tax authority may also take the position that material income tax liabilities, interest and penalties are payable by the Company. For example, where there has been a technical violation of contradictory laws and regulations that are relatively new and have not been subject to extensive review or interpretation, in which case the Company expects that we might contest such assessment. Contesting such an assessment may be lengthy and costly and if the Company is unsuccessful in disputing the assessment, the implications could increase the Company's anticipated effective tax. Income tax assessments received in Canada are currently under appeal, and if unsuccessful, the Company will incur significant liabilities. Cyber risk The Group holds digital assets via software and hardware which may prove to be vulnerable to data security breaches in the future. Data security breach incidents may compromise the confidentiality, integrity or availability of data such that the data is vulnerable to access or acquisition by unauthorised persons. These data security breaches may result in the unrecoverable loss of digital assets. The Group's hardware devices and remote servers holding the Group's data may be breached and result in the loss of valuable data. Loss of the private keys required to access the digital assets may result in irrecoverable loss of access to the digital assets, which may not be covered by insurance (whether in full or part). In order to mitigate these risks, the Group holds its assets with third party specialist crypto-currency custodians with a number of security measures in place. Cryptocurrency price volatility Revenues are denominated in cryptocurrency or tokens. These 'digital assets' can be subject to high levels of volatility, and it may not always be possible for the Group to trade out or effectively hedge its position. The Group will always seek, where practicable, to manage the price volatility risk and actively monitor its portfolio of digital assets. The majority of the Group's crypto assets (as per note 22) are stored in Bitcoin, which dominates the crypto market. Cryptocurrency exchange rates have exhibited strong volatility. Many factors outside of the control of the Group can affect the market price of cryptocurrencies, including, but not limited to, national and international economic, financial, regulatory, political, terrorist, military, and other events, adverse or positive news events and publicity, and generally extreme, uncertain, and volatile market conditions. Extreme changes in price may occur at any time, resulting in a potential loss of value of our entire portfolio of cryptocurrencies, complete or partial loss of purchasing power, and difficulty or a complete inability to sell or exchange the Group's digital currency. Capital raising The Group's activities are capital intensive, and the Company may need to raise additional capital to fund its operations, pursue growth strategies, including potential acquisitions of complementary businesses, and respond to competitive pressures or unanticipated working capital requirements. The Company has previously raised equity and debt, however, may not be able to obtain additional debt or equity financing on favourable terms, if at all, which could impair its growth and adversely affect its existing operations. The Group may be required to accept terms that restrict its ability to incur additional indebtedness or to take other actions including terms that require it to maintain specified liquidity or other ratios. In order to mitigate these risks, the Company keeps its financing requirements under review and actively manages its activities and operations within the resources available to it. Hosting counterparty risk The Group relies upon a third-party facility to host and maintain a majority of its miners. Should the third party not fulfil its obligations to the Group, or should that third party suffer an insolvency or related event, the Group's operations may be materially and adversely affected. The Group has sought to limit this risk by entering into contracts with an established third party with a proven track record, however this is not a guarantee of future performance. The Group has also entered into other agreements with its host, and there is a risk that non- performance under one agreement could adversely affect the performance under other agreements with the same counterparty. Electricity supply and price The Group's activities require substantial and sustained electrical provision and its profitability is dependent on securing acceptable electricity prices. Should electricity not be available in the quantities the Group's operations require (whether intermittently or for a sustained period) or should the service be unreliable, the Group's operations, revenue and profitability may be materially adversely affected. If the price of electricity increases (whether as a result of local, national or international events or pressures), the Group's profitability may be materially adversely affected. Technology and supply risks Argo operates within a highly technological environment where software and hardware are consistently updated. To ensure the Group remains as a leading provider and stays ahead of its competitors, it needs to continue to invest in its technology, software, and hardware which requires a large amount of capital. The Group procures its software and hardware from third party providers and is reliant on those third parties complying with their obligations to the Group. Should a third party fail to comply with its obligations to the Group, the Group's operations, revenue and profitability may be materially adversely affected. Risk relating to the Group's business strategy The Group is dependent on the ability of the directors to identify suitable opportunities and to implement the Group's strategy. There is no assurance that the Group's activities of mining for itself will continue to be successful even though internal forecasts continue to suggest otherwise. Dependence on key personnel and management risks The Group's business is dependent on retaining the services of a small executive management team, and the loss of a key individual could have an adverse effect on the future of the Group's business. The Group's future success will also depend in large part upon its ability to attract and retain highly skilled personnel. This risk is managed by offering compensation plans that are competitive in the current market. Regulatory risk The Group operates in a rapidly evolving sector, the regulatory approach to which is not always certain and is still developing. The Group seeks to comply with all applicable law and regulation, however breach of any regulatory requirements may give rise to reputational, financial, or other sanctions against the Group. The Board considers these risks seriously and designs, maintains, and reviews the policies and processes so as to mitigate or avoid these risks. While the Board has a good record of compliance, there is no assurance that the Group's activities will always be compliant. Litigation risk The Company was previously subject to a class action lawsuit which was dismissed with prejudice and without the ability to replead the case, However the Company may be the target of this type of litigation in the future. Securities litigation against the Company could result in substantial costs and divert management's attention from other business concerns, which could seriously harm the Company's business. Promotion of the Company for the benefit of the members as a whole The directors believe they have acted in the way most likely to promote the success of the Company for the benefit of its members as a whole, as required by s172 of the Companies Act 2006. The requirements of s172 are for the directors to: · Consider the likely consequences of any decision in the long term · Act fairly between the members of the Company · Maintain a reputation for high standards of business conduct · Consider the interests of the Company's employees · Foster the Company's relationships with suppliers, customers and others · Consider the impact of the Company's operations on the community and the environment The Company operates as a crypto mining business, which is inherently speculative in nature and, with volatile revenue, at times may be dependent upon fund-raising for its continued operation. The nature of the business is well understood by the Company's members, employees, and suppliers, and the directors are transparent about the cash position and funding requirements. The application of the s172 requirements can be demonstrated in relation to the most significant decisions made during 2024, in addition to the disclosures made in the Directors' Report and the Strategic Report: · On 9 March 2024, the Company granted equity awards in the form of restricted stock units (RSUs) to all employees. The Company's performance, and therefore long-term value creation, is driven by the performance of its staff, placing the incentivisation and retention of its staff as a key focus for the Company's board and senior management. After careful review of the Company's existing employee incentivisation arrangements, it was decided to ensure that all staff have the opportunity to benefit directly from the Company's long-term success. In order to ensure their incentivisation is aligned with creating long-term value for shareholders, the RSUs vest over a three-year period, with the first vesting occurring twelve months from the date of the grant.. · During 2024, the Company continued to focus its efforts on reducing debt and strengthening the balance sheet. The Group's long term success is dependent on a strong financial footing. The Company spent considerable time and effort to identify sustainable cost savings and utilised all excess cash flow for debt reduction. As a result, the Company was able to reduce debt by $23.5 million in 2024, including paying off the Galaxy debt in full. Responsibilities to local communities As a crypto mining company with operations in Canada and the United States, the Board is mindful of its responsibilities to the communities and environments in which it works. The Group sources its electricity from predominantly renewable sources (hydropower in Canada and wind in Texas during 2024) and participated in demand response programs to curtail usage in peak times to assist in ensuring resilience of the local power grid. In addition, the Group has explored ways to capture and usefully utilise the heat generated from its operations, both to improve efficiency and provide added value. The Group has also taken steps to improve overall efficiency of its operations. Further details are set out in the Group's report on the TCFD Recommendations on page 33 of this Annual Report. Employees The interests of employees are a primary consideration for the Board; in March 2024, all employees were granted equity in the Company in order to align incentives and enable employees to share in the future success of the Group. Personal development opportunities are encouraged and supported. This report was approved by the Board on 8 May 2025 and signed on its behalf by: Matthew Shaw Chairman of the Board DIRECTORS' REPORT General Information The directors present the Annual Report and audited consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2024. The Company was incorporated on 5 December 2017. Argo Blockchain plc is the parent holding company of the Argo group of companies including Argo Innovation Labs Inc., a British Columbia, Canada Corporation, and Argo Operating US LLC, Inc., a Delaware, United States Limited Liability Corporation. On 3 August 2018 the Company's Ordinary Shares were admitted to the standard segment of the Official List maintained by the Financial Conduct Authority and to trading on the London Stock Exchange's Main Market. . The Company's American Depositary Shares have traded on Nasdaq since 24 September 2021. Future developments The Group continues to focus its strategy on self-mining cryptocurrencies as detailed further in the Strategic Report. Dividends The directors do not propose a dividend in respect of the period ended 31 December 2024 (2023: nil). Directors The Board is responsible for the Company's objectives and business strategy and its overall supervision. Acquisition, divestment and other strategic decisions will all be considered and determined by the Board including, when circumstances permit, whether the payment of dividends, issue or buy back of shares is appropriate. Attendance at Board meetings: Member Meetings attended while a director Matthew Shaw 23 of 26 Maria Perrella 25 of 26 Raghav Chopra 26 of 26 Thomas Chippas* 26 of 26 The Board leads the Company within a framework of appropriate and effective controls. The Board has responsibility for establishing, operating, and monitoring the corporate governance values of the Company. The Board also has overall responsibility for setting the Company's strategic aims, defining the business objective, managing the financial and operational resources of the Company and reviewing the performance of the officers and management of the Company's business. The Board has taken appropriate steps to ensure that the Company complies with Listing Principles 1 and 2 as set out in Chapter 7 of the Listing Rules and (notwithstanding that they only apply to companies with a Premium Listing) the Premium Listing Principles as set out in Chapter 7 of the Listing Rules. The Company supports the concept of an effective Board leading and controlling the Company. The Board is responsible for approving Company policy and strategy. It meets regularly and has a schedule of matters specifically reserved to it for decision. Management supplies the Board with appropriate and timely information and the directors are free to seek any further information they consider necessary. All directors have access to advice from the General Counsel and independent professionals at the Company's expense. Training is available for new directors and other directors as necessary. All directors are subject to re-election every three years and, on appointment, at the first AGM after appointment. In 2021, the Company established a nomination committee. Prior to this, and given the size of the Board, all director appointments were approved by the Board as a whole. Communications with shareholders Communications with shareholders are given a high priority. In addition to the publication of an annual report and an interim report, there is regular dialogue with shareholders and analysts. The Annual General Meeting is viewed as a forum for communicating with shareholders, particularly private investors. Shareholders may question the Chairman and other members of the Board at the Annual General Meeting. All published information for shareholders is also available on the Company website, including annual and interim reports, circulars, announcements and significant shareholdings. Accountability and audit The Board presents a balanced and understandable assessment of the Company's position and prospects in all interim and price sensitive reports to regulators as well as in the information required to be presented by statutory requirements. The Company's Audit Committee has responsibility to supervise and review the Company's audit and financial procedures. In relation to the activities of the Audit Committee during the year, please see the Audit Committee Report in this Annual Report. Internal control The Board has responsibility for designing and implementing systems of internal control and for reviewing the effectiveness of these systems. The risk management process and systems of internal control are designed to manage rather than eliminate the risk of the Company failing to achieve its strategic objectives. It should be recognised that such systems can only provide reasonable and not absolute assurance against material misstatement or loss. The Company will continue to review and develop its internal systems and processes. Political donations and political expenditure The Group did not make any political donations or expenditure during the year under review. Directors' and officers' liability insurance and directors' indemnities The Company maintains directors' and officers' liability insurance, which gives appropriate cover for legal action brought against its directors. Qualifying third-party indemnity provisions for the benefit of the Company's directors, secretary and other officers were in force during the year ended 31 December 2024 and to the date of this report. In addition, the Company has agreed to indemnify former directors of the Company in respect of their appointments as directors of the Company. Financial Instruments Information about the use of financial instruments by the Company and its subsidiaries is given in note 26 to the financial statements. Activities in the field of research and development During the year under review, the Group did not have any material activities in the field of research and development. Post balance sheet events Thomas Chippas resigned as Chief Executive Officer and Director of the Company effective 28 February 2025. On 24 March 2025, the Board appointed Justin Nolan as Chief Executive Officer and Director of the Group. In January 2024, the Group received a Notification Letter from Nasdaq Stock Market LLC stating that the Company is not in compliance with minimum bid price for the Company's American Depositary Shares. The Company has until July 15, 2025 to regain compliance with the minimum bid price requirement. The Group signed hosting agreements with Merkle Standard LLC to host 9,315 miners at Merkle's Memphis, Tennessee location and up to 4,000 machines at its Washington State location. Approximately 1,232 units were sent to the Group's Baie Comeau facility. A further approximately 8,000 units were sold for cash proceeds of approximately $2.0 million. Directors and directors' interests The directors who held office at the date of signature of the financial statements were as follows: Director Appointment/resignation during the year Matthew Shaw (Chairman of the Board, Chair of the Nomination Committee, Member of the Audit Committee) Appointed 17 July 2019 Justin Nolan (Chief Executive Officer) 1 Appointed 22 March 2025 Maria Perrella (Chair of the Audit Committee, Member of the Nomination Committee and Remuneration Committee) Appointed 29 July 2021 Raghav Chopra (Chair of the Remuneration Committee and Member of the AuditCommittee) Appointed 23 February 2022 Following the year ended 31 December 2024, Mr. Chippas resigned from his positions as Managing Director effective 1 February 2025 and Chief Executive Officer effective 28 February 2025. Directors' option holdings Name Date of Grant Aggregate number of options over Ordinary Shares granted Exercise Price Exercise Conditions Lapse Date Matthew Shaw 17-Jul-19 537,037 16 pence 1/3 on the first anniversary of admission, 1/36 of the total options monthly thereafter 17-Jul-25 Matthew Shaw 5-Feb-20 294,048 7 pence 1/12 per month commencing of 4 th month from issue 4-Feb-30 Maria Perrella 22-Sep-21 500,000 157 pence 6/36 th after 6-month anniversary, 1/36th thereafter 21-Sep-31 Raghav Chopra 23-May-22 500,000 49 pence 6/36 th after 6-month anniversary, 1/36 th thereafter 23-May-32 Going Concern The directors, having made due and careful enquiry, are of the opinion that the Group has adequate working capital to meet its obligations over the next 12 months. The directors therefore have made an informed judgement, at the time of approving the financial statements, that there is a reasonable expectation that the Group has adequate resources to continue in operational existence for the foreseeable future. As a result, the directors have adopted the going concern basis of accounting in the preparation of the annual financial statements; more detail can be found in the accounting policies. However, the Board notes that the debt service requirements, lower operating margins, and the volatile economic and industry environment, indicate the existence of material uncertainties that may cast significant doubt regarding the applicability of the going concern assumption, and the auditors have made reference to this in their audit report (Note 3). Financial Risk Management The Group has a simple capital structure and its principal financial assets are cash and digital assets. The Group is subject to market risk by way of being exposed to volatility in crypto asset value and variations in foreign exchange rates. The Group has little exposure to credit risk due to holding its reserves with credible institutions. The Group may also be exposed to liquidity and capital risk, due to the nature of operations and the requirements for mining hardware acquisition. The Group manages these risks through portfolio management and maintenance of sufficient working capital. Further details of risks can be seen within the Strategic Report or in the Notes to the accounts. Capital Structure The Company's capital structure is comprised of one class of ordinary shares. There are no restrictions on the transfer of the ordinary shares, and there are no persons holding securities carrying special rights regarding the control of the Company. The rights over shares under the Company's employee share schemes are set out in Note 21 of the financial statements. There are no restrictions on voting rights nor, so far as the Company is aware, any agreements between holders of securities that may restrict the transfer of securities or voting rights. Substantial shareholders There are no substantial shareholders as at the date of the report. Controlling shareholder The Group does not have a controlling shareholder. Directors The Company's directors are appointed in accordance with, and have the powers and authorities set out in, the Company's articles of association. Takeovers Other than potential lump sum payments due under certain employment contracts and equity award vesting for management, there are no significant agreements that take effect, alter or terminate on a change of control of the Company following a takeover. Other than the entitlement to a notice period and reimbursement of expenses in the normal manner, there are no agreements with the Company and its directors or employees for compensation for loss of office or employment as a result of a takeover bid . Greenhouse gas emissions Details about the Group's greenhouse gas emissions, energy consumption, energy efficiency disclosures, and broader climate risk management strategies are included in the TCFD Report on page 33. Employee and business relationships The Board consists of the Chief Executive Officer and 3 Non-executive directors, and the Group's senior management consists of 8 key management personnel, including the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer. This facilitates the direct and frequent communication between all parties and the Board. Due to the nature of a small team and the wide and varied skills possessed, key strategic business decisions are generally discussed and analysed by all concerned, ensuring all relevant interests and perspectives are considered and addressed in the decision making process. A significant part of any business is maintaining a good relationship with its suppliers, and the Group maintains strong relationships with its key suppliers. Diversity Policy Given the Company's current stage of development, its organizational structure and limited headcount, the Board considers that a formal diversity policy would not be practicable for the Company to develop and implement and would not improve the Group's policies or processes in a meaningful manner. The Company and the Board already integrate equality and diversity in all aspects of the Company's business and all decisions are made on merit and without regard to protected characteristics. Where appropriate and practicable for the Company, the Company considers and implements positive actions to enable the Company to provide additional support. This can include, for example, making adjustments to assist staff and ensuring that, to the extent possible, all relevant perspectives are included in decision making on an ongoing basis. The Company will keep the requirement for a formal diversity policy under review and will give serious consideration to the adoption of a policy, tailored to the nature of the Company's business, its operations and resources at the appropriate point. Provision of Information to Auditor So far as each of the Directors is aware at the time this report is approved: · there is no relevant audit information of which the Company's auditor is unaware; and · the Directors have taken all steps that they ought to have taken to make themselves aware of any relevant audit information and to establish that the auditor is aware of that information. Auditors The auditors, PKF Littlejohn LLP have indicated their willingness to continue in office, and a resolution that they be re-appointed will be proposed at the annual general meeting. This report was approved by the Board on 8 May 2025 and signed on its behalf by: Matthew Shaw Chairman of the Board DIRECTORS' REMUNERATION REPORT 2024 key achievements: · Utilised the Company's equity incentive plan to offer suitably tailored equity incentivisation; and · Explored and executed employee retention strategies including supporting internal growth opportunities. 2025 areas of focus: · Launch the equity administration platform to improve compliance and financial reporting ; · Continue with a comprehensive review of remuneration; and · Refine and improve employee growth and retention strategies, Letter from the Chair of the Remuneration Committee Dear Shareholders, The Remuneration Committee met formally three times during the financial year, and all of the Directors on the Committee attended all of these meetings. The Committee oversees matters relating to compensation, including benchmarking against comparable peers, adopting a new equity incentive plan, and the grant of awards under that plan to align remuneration with the interests of our shareholders. The Remuneration Committee consists of myself as Chair and Maria Perrella as Member. In June 2024, I became Chair, replacing Maria Perrella, who remains a Member. The Committee has discretion to invite appropriate members of the executive management of the Company to the meetings as required and considers their input and recommendations to be critical to ensuring a well- developed remuneration strategy. In order to ensure appropriate scrutiny of all decisions, no director was present when their own remuneration was considered, approved, or voted upon; the Committee also takes advice and guidance from independent advisors and legal counsel. The Group's remuneration challenges include the different market norms and expectations between the jurisdictions in which it operates. The reward markets in the UK and US have significant differences, particularly in the technology sector, and market expectations in the UK can present challenges to the Group in structuring attractive remuneration packages, particularly for the Company's senior executive leadership. More generally, the Group is also competing against significantly larger and better capitalised companies in the cryptoasset sector. During the year under review, the Company's remuneration strategy was to deliver remuneration packages consistent with the Company's Remuneration Policy and market norms that provide a balanced structure of short, medium, and longer-term remuneration. Remuneration packages typically comprised a competitive base salary, appropriate annual bonuses and longer-term equity incentivisation. In addition, the Company has offered competitive benefit and pension offerings based on the market norms in the country relevant to each team member. The Committee took the following key decisions in relation to remuneration during the year: · approved a compensation audit and strategy to deliver standardization of the Company's offerings to each employee group; · approved the Company's refresh of Restricted Share Unit and Performance Share Unit awards to strengthen alignment across the organization; and · approved appropriate cost of living salary increases for staff in response to competitive market trends. The Committee remains focused on ensuring that the Group's remuneration policy enables the Group to attract, retain and develop appropriately skilled and experienced staff sufficient for the Group's present and anticipated requirements. The Committee is also determined to ensure that remuneration incentivises staff to deliver on both financial and non-financial objectives. Following the year under review, Mr. Chippas resigned as Chief Executive Officer and Executive Director of the Company and Mr. MacCallum was appointed as Interim Chief Executive Officer while retaining his position as Chief Financial Officer. On 22 March 2025, Justin Nolan was appointed as Chief Executive Officer. The Committee determined Mr. Chippas', Mr. MacCallum's and Mr. Nolan's remuneration for serving as CEO,CFO, and CEO, respectively, based on a review of benchmarking against relevant comparables in the market. Raghav Chopra Chair of the Remuneration Committee 8 May 2025 Directors' Remuneration Report Membership of the Remuneration Committee During the year, the Company's Remuneration Committee consisted of Maria Perrella and Raghav Chopra. Raghav Chopra served as Chair of the committee. Role of the Remuneration Committee The Remuneration Committee's role is to determine and operate a remuneration policy that supports the Company's strategy and promotes long-term sustainable success and aligns the interests of directors with shareholders. The Remuneration Committee's primary responsibilities include: ● identifying, reviewing and proposing policies relevant to executive officer compensation; ● evaluating each executive officer's performance in light of such policies and reporting to the Board; ● determining any long-term equity incentive component of each executive officer's compensation in line with the remuneration policy and reviewing its executive officer compensation and benefits policies generally and ● reviewing and assessing risks arising from the Company's compensation policies and practices. Advisors to the Committee None. Directors' remuneration (audited) Details of directors' remuneration during the year ended 31 December 2024 is as follows: Director Salary and fees Bonus Stock compensation Loss of Office 2024 Total Fixed element Variable element USD USD USD USD USD USD USD Executive Directors T Chippas 400,000 - 819,375 - 1,219,375 400,000 819,375 Non-executive Directors M Shaw 146,476 - 112,910 - 259,386 146,476 112,910 R Chopra 147,048 - 89,264 - 236,312 147,048 89,264 M Perrella 129,909 - 225,820 - 355,729 129,909 225,820 Total 823,433 - 1,247,369 - 2,070,802 823,433 1,247,369 * Stock based compensation is in relation to the fair value accounting charge during the year. No equity stock based compensation was granted in the year. Details of directors' remuneration during the year ended 31 December 2023 is as follows: Director Salary and fees Bonus Stock compensation Loss of Office 2023 Total Fixed element Variable Element USD USD USD USD USD USD USD Executive Directors T Chippas 38,512 - 273,125 - 311,637 38,512 273,125 P Wall* 85,766 - - 618,614 704,380 85,766 618,614 A Appleton 20,905 - 70,627 145,833 237,365 20,905 216,460 Non-executive Directors M Shaw 170,554 - 152,317 - 322,871 135,644 187,227 R Chopra 135,105 - 87,805 - 222,910 125,934 96,976 M Perrella 129,752 - 304,633 - 434,385 124,340 310,045 S Gow 10,601 - 27,925 - 38,526 10,601 27,925 Total 591,195 - 916,432 764,447 2,272,074 541,702 1,730,372 * Stock based compensation is in relation to the fair value accounting charge during the year. Thomas Chippas received a grant of 2,850,000 PSUs with a total fair value of $3,277,500 during the period vesting over a maximum of 3 years, of which the fair value charge during the year was $273,125. Total pension entitlements (audited) The Company currently does not have any pension plans for any of the directors and does not pay pension amounts in relation to their remuneration. The Company has not paid out any excess retirement benefits to any directors or past directors. Payments to past directors (audited) The Company has not paid any compensation to past Directors. Statement of directors' shareholding and share interests (audited) The Directors who held office at 31 December 2024 and who had beneficial interests in the Ordinary Shares of the Company are summarised as follows: Director Position Maria Perrella Non-Executive Director Matthew Shaw Non-Executive Director Details of these beneficial interests can be found in the Directors' Report. Service Agreements and Letters of Appointment On 27 November 2023, the Company entered into an employment contract with Thomas Chippas, pursuant to which Mr. Chippas served as our Chief Executive Officer (the "Chippas Employment Agreement"). Under the terms of the Chippas Employment Agreement, Mr. Chippas was entitled to receive a base salary annually, participate in the Company's group health benefits, participate in the Company's 401k plan, and earn an annual bonus as determined by the board of directors. In addition, Mr. Chippas was awarded 2,850,000 ADSs, which were to vest over three years (with a one year initial cliff) subject to certain performance conditions. Mr. Chippas subsequently agreed to receive ordinary shares instead of ADSs (22,850,000 ordinary shares if fully vested, the "Chippas Equity Award"). Under the Chippas Employment Agreement, we could terminate Mr. Chippas' employment by providing Mr. Chippas with the minimum (i) notice, or pay in lieu thereof, or some combination of the two, (ii) severance pay (if applicable), (iii) period of benefits continuation, and (iv) vacation pay, and in each case, subject to payment of severance equal to 12 months' base salary, provided that we may terminate the services of Mr. Chippas at any time with immediate effect for certain reasons including misconduct, criminal offense, or other reasons "for cause". Mr. Chippas could terminate his contract with us by providing the company with a minimum of 60 days' notice. The Chippas Employment Agreement also contains restrictive covenants pursuant to which Mr. Chippas has agreed to refrain from competing with us or soliciting certain clients or employees of the Company who could materially damage our interests if involved in a competing business, for a period of twelve months following his termination of services. Following the year under review, Mr. Chippas resigned from his position as Chief Executive Officer, effective 28 February 2025. At the time of his resignation, 2.375,000 ordinary shares of the Chippas Equity Award had vested and no further PSU's will vest. On 22 March 2025, the Company entered into an employment contract with Justin Nolan, pursuant to which Mr. Nolan serves as our Chief Executive Officer (the "Nolan Employment Agreement"). Under the terms of the Nolan Employment Agreement, Mr. Nolan is entitled to receive a base salary annually, participate in the Company's group health benefits, participate in the Company's 401k plan, and earn an annual bonus as determined by the board of directors. In addition, Mr. Nolan was awarded 22,250,000 ordinary shares, which vest over three years (with a one year initial cliff) subject to certain performance conditions. . Under the Nolan Employment Agreement, we may terminate Mr. Nolan's employment by providing Mr. Nolan with the minimum (i) notice, or pay in lieu thereof, or some combination of the two, (ii) severance pay (if applicable), (iii) period of benefits continuation, and (iv) vacation pay, and in each case, subject to payment of severance equal to 12 months' base salary, provided that we may terminate the services of Mr. Nolan at any time with immediate effect for certain reasons including misconduct, criminal offense, or other reasons "for cause". Mr. Nolan may terminate his contract with us by providing the company with a minimum of 90 days' notice, subject to certain exceptions. The Nolan Employment Agreement also contains restrictive covenants pursuant to which Mr. Nolan has agreed to refrain from competing with us or soliciting certain clients or employees of the Company who could materially damage our interests if involved in a competing business, for a period of twelve months following his termination of services. The appointments of Maria Perrella, Matthew Shaw and Raghav Chopra are subject to a 3 year term and to termination upon 3 months' notice given by either party. Terms of appointment The services of the directors engaged during the year under review were provided under the terms of agreement with the Group are dated as follows: Director Year of appointment Number of years completed Date of current engagement letter Matthew Shaw 2019 6 7-Sep-19 Maria Perrella 2021 3 21-Jul-21 Raghav Chopra 2022 3 23-Feb-22 Thomas Chippas* 2023 1 24-Nov-23 * Following the year under review, Mr. Chippas resigned from his role of Chief Executive Officer effective 28 February 2025 and Executive Director, effective 1 February 2025 Performance relative to market index Comparing the total shareholder return of an ordinary share in Argo Blockchain plc against the total shareholder return of the FTSE All-share index. For the year ended 2024, ARB saw a decrease in share price from 8.25p to 3p, a 63.3% decrease. In the same period, FTAS increased from 4,210.00 to 4,467.80, an increase of 6.12%. UK 10-year CEO table and UK percentage change table The directors have considered the requirement for a UK 10-year CEO table and UK percentage change table. The directors do not currently consider that including these tables would be meaningful because, the CEO remuneration is not currently linked to performance, therefore any comparison across years or with the employee group would be significantly skewed and would not add any information of value to shareholders. The CEO's remuneration is disclosed in full in the directors' remuneration section. The directors will review the inclusion of this table for future reports. Relative importance of spend on pay The directors have considered the requirement to present information on the relative importance of spend on pay compared to shareholder dividends paid. Given that the Company does not currently pay dividends this would not provide meaningful disclosure to shareholders. Consideration of shareholder views At the present time, the Company does not have any significant institutional shareholder base, or any significant shareholders with which to proactively consult. Therefore, the Board considers shareholder feedback received in the context of annual general meetings and applicable guidance from shareholder bodies. This feedback, plus any additional feedback received from time to time, is considered as part of the Group's annual policy on remuneration. Policy for new appointments Base salary levels will take into account market data for the relevant role, internal relativities, the individual's experience and their current base salary. Where an individual is recruited at below market norms, they may be re- aligned over time (e.g. two to three years), subject to performance in the role. Benefits will generally be in accordance with the approved policy. For external and internal appointments, the Board may agree that the Group will meet certain relocation and/or incidental expenses as appropriate. Other matters The Company does not currently have any annual or long-term incentive schemes in place for any of the directors and as such there are no disclosures in this respect. The share options granted are discussed above. Raghav Chopra Chair of the Remuneration Committee 8 May 2025 NOMINATION COMMITTEE REPORT Letter from the Chair of the Nomination Committee Dear Shareholders, I am pleased to present the Nomination Committee's report for the year ended 31 December 2024. The Nomination Committee met twice during the financial year under review, and all of the directors on the Committee attended both meetings. At a high level, its role is to: ● draw up selection criteria and appointment procedures for board members; ● recommend nominees for election to its Board and its corresponding committees; and ● assess the functioning of individual members of Board and executive officers and report the results of such assessment to the Board. Composition of the Committee The Nomination Committee consists of myself, as Chair, and Maria Perrella. The membership of the committee will be reviewed on a regular basis, particularly in light of any changes to the wider composition of the Board, and any changes announced in due course. The Committee has discretion to invite members of the executive management of the Company to its meetings as required and considers the input and recommendation of executive management to be critical to ensuring the Committee's activities reflect the ongoing needs of the Company. Therefore executive management were invited to present to the committee at the appropriate junctures during the year. Focus of the Committee During the year under review, the Committee's focus was on: ● the appropriate size and makeup of the Board; ● any appropriate changes and/or additions to the Board; and ● the identification, recruitment and screening of potential candidates. On an ongoing basis, the Committee carefully considers the structure of the Board and executive management and ensures that the Board and executive management have an appropriate balance of skills, expertise and talent. The Committee and the Board are committed to ensuring that appointments are based on merit and objective criteria aligned with the Company's needs, and that every effort is made to ensure equality, diversity and inclusion are at the heart of the appointment process. Advisors to the Committee None. Appointments On 22 March 2025, the Board of Directors appointed Justin Nolan as Chief Executive Officer and Executive Director. Equality, Diversity and Inclusion Given the Company's current stage of development, its organizational structure and limited headcount, the Board considers that a formal diversity policy would not be practicable for the Company to develop and implement and would not improve the Group's policies or processes in a meaningful manner. The Company and the Board already integrate equality and diversity in all aspects of the Company's business and all decisions are made on merit and without regard to protected characteristics. Where appropriate and practicable for the Company, the Company considers and implements positive actions to enable the Company to provide additional support. This can include, for example, making adjustments to assist staff and ensuring that, to the extent possible, all relevant perspectives are included in decision making on an ongoing basis. The Company will keep the requirement for a formal diversity policy under review and will give serious consideration to the adoption of a policy, tailored to the nature of the Company's business, its operations and resources at the appropriate point. Gender composition At 31 December 2024, the gender composition of employees and directors of the Company was as follows: Gender Composition Male Female Directors 3 1 Senior Management 5 1 Employees 9 7 Ethnic composition At 31 December 2024, the ethnic composition of directors of the Company was as follows: Ethnic composition Number of board members Percentage of the board Number of senior positions on the board Number in executive management Percentage of executive management White 3 75% 2 4 100% Other 1 25% 0 0 0% The above information was collected through a voluntary open-ended self-identification survey. Questions included "What gender do you identify with?" and "What is your ethnic composition?". Diversity Targets The Company notes the diversity targets included in the Listing Rules, being: ● at least 40% of the individuals on the Board are women; ● at least one of the specified senior board positions is held by a woman; and ● at least one individual on the Board is from a minority ethnic background. As at 31 December 2024, the Company met the target to have one individual on the board from a minority ethnic background. The Company operates a small board, comprised of four people, which the Board considers appropriate with the current stage of development of the Company and the scale and sophistication of its activities. One of the four directors appointed is a woman, however given the size of the Board, the Company does not have a senior independent director and the Chief Financial Officer is a non-board role. The Company does not therefore currently meet the remaining two targets. Should the Board look to appoint further directors in the future, the Company will give due consideration to how it may achieve the diversity targets while ensuring the appropriate structure of the Board and mix of skills and expertise relevant to the Company's operations. As part of its recruitment processes, the Company gives careful consideration to all potential applicants however has a particular regard to those with knowledge and experience of the digital asset and cryptomining sector. This necessary focus narrows considerably the pool of potential applicants and poses potential challenges in both recruitment and meeting the diversity targets. The Company will keep this under ongoing review. Future Work As part of its work during the coming year, the Committee will consider the Company's present and near future requirements and will review the composition of the Board, succession planning for management, and the structure of the overall management of the Company going forwards. Further announcements will be made in due course. Matthew Shaw Chair of the Nomination Committee 8 May 2025 AUDIT COMMITTEE REPORT Letter from the Chair of the Audit Committee Dear Shareholders, I am pleased to present the Audit Committee's report for the year ended 31 December 2024. The Audit Committee met three times during the financial year under review, and all of the directors on the Committee attended all of these meetings. At a high level, the Audit Committee is responsible for, among other things: ● the appointment, compensation, retention and oversight of the work and termination of any independent auditor engaged for the purpose of preparing or issuing an audit report or performing other audit services; ● pre-approving the audit services and non-audit services to be provided by its independent auditor before the auditor is engaged to render such services; ● evaluating the independent auditor's qualifications, performance and independence, and presenting its conclusions to the full Board on at least an annual basis; ● reviewing and discussing with the executive officers, the Board and the independent auditor its financial statements and its financial reporting process; ● approving or ratifying any related person transaction (as defined in its related person transaction policy) in accordance with its related person transaction policy; ● reviewing and overseeing the adequacy and effectiveness of its financial reporting and internal control policies and systems; and ● reviewing and recommending amendments to the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics. Composition of the Committee The Audit Committee is comprised of me, as Chair, Raghav Chopra, and Matt Shaw. Brief biographies of each of the members of the Committee, including their professional experience and qualifications are set out on page 6. As required by the Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rules (DTRs), Nasdaq Rule 5605(c)(2)(A)(ii), section 301 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act 2002 and Rule 10A-3 of the Exchange Act the Committee comprises: ● a majority of independent directors; ● at least one member with competence in accounting or auditing, or both; ● as a whole, competence relevant to the sector in which the Group is operating. The Board considers that, in light of their respective professional experience and expertise, the members of the committee have recent and relevant financial experience, including competence in accounting matters relevant to the sector of operation, and operational experience in businesses at a similar stage of development. Committee Meetings The Committee has discretion to invite members of the executive management of the Company to its meetings as required and considers the input and recommendation of executive management to be critical to ensuring the Committee's activities reflect the ongoing needs of the Company. Therefore, executive management were invited to present to the committee at the appropriate junctures during the year. Where the Committee considers matters relating to the audit of the Group, the Committee invited David Thompson, the lead audit partner for the Group at PKF Littlejohn LLP, to attend the meeting. His attendance was critical to ensuring the Committee has access to Mr Thompson's independent judgement and ensuring the Committee can solicit his views on matters to be considered or addressed as part of the audit. The Committee also meets independently to consider matters relating to financial management and audit, providing a forum for discussion of the agenda for the year ahead and strategic priorities for the Committee. Focus of the Committee During the year under review, the Committee's focus was on: ● reviewing the Company's financial reporting processes, taking into account changes to the business during the year under review; ● working with the Group's auditors to consider matters arising from the Group's previous audit and the measures necessary to address them; ● monitoring the effectiveness of the internal control and risk management systems adopted by the Group, regarding financial reporting of the Group; ● reviewing the audit of the Group, in particular noting areas for potential improvement; ● considering the independence and suitability for reappointment of the Group's auditors, PKF Littlejohn LLP; ● communicating with the Board the findings of the audit, and its contribution to the integrity of the Group's financial reporting; ● considering the integrity of the Company's and the Group's financial statements, the processes and procedures for the Company's monthly operational updates and reviewing significant financial issues and judgments contained in them; ● reviewing the Group's internal financial reporting function, in particular its structure, staffing and resources; and ● considering the Group's management and internal reporting metrics. As a result of its work, the Committee recommended the reappointment of PKF Littlejohn LLP for the year under review and intends to do so again for the current financial year. Performance Evaluation Given the nature and scope of the Group, the Committee does not currently consider an external performance review would be of significant benefit to the Group, however the Committee will continue to review the appropriateness of such a review on an ongoing basis. Significant Judgment in relation to financial statements The Committee has considered the following matters, significant accounting areas which required the exercise of judgement or a high degree of estimation during the year, together with details of how these were addressed. Some of the matters considered were of a one-off nature, while others will have a continuing applicability to the Group's business. Significant issue and explanation Work undertaken by the Committee Impairment for Mining Machines The Group is required to perform impairment reviews of its capital assets on an annual basis to determine the appropriate value of those assets. The Group's principal capital assets are its data centre in Canada and its fleet of mining machines. While property is a long life asset, mining machines have a finite useful life, and therefore it is imperative that the Group correctly accounts for the impairment based on the Group's current expectations of the machines' useful life. The Committee has considered management's assessments of the appropriate value of the Company's mining machines at the reporting date. This included specifically considering and approving the predicted useful life remaining, the economics of the new hosting arrangements, the market value of the machines, and the relative profitability of the machines compared with other alternatives available in the market. Impairment was also a significant issue for the Group's auditors, who reported its findings to us. Going concern basis for the financial statements and viability statement The Committee reviewed and challenged management's assessment of forecast cash flows, including applying appropriate sensitivities, and the potential impact of future uncertainties, the Group's financial resources and potential sources of additional liquidity. The Committee was satisfied that the application of the going concern basis for the preparation of the financial statements remained appropriate. External Audit During the year, the Audit Committee assessed the independence and effectiveness of PKF Littlejohn LLP and considers that that they remain independent from the Group and provide an effective external audit of the Group. The Committee has therefore recommended that PKF Littlejohn LLP be proposed for reappointment at the upcoming Annual General Meeting. PKF Littlejohn LLP has been the auditor of the Company since its inception in December 2017, and David Thompson, lead audit partner for the Group at PKF Littlejohn, has led the Group's audit since 2020. While retendering and change of personnel is not currently required as a result of these requirements, the Group and PKF Littlejohn LLP will comply with the restrictions and limitations applicable to re-appointment of auditors and maximum terms of audit personnel, which require PKF Littlejohn LLP to rotate audit personnel engaged on the Group's audit and impose a maximum engagement period for PKF Littlejohn LLP as the Company's auditor. Non-audit services During the year, PKF Littlejohn LLP did not provide any non-audit services to the Group and therefore no issues regarding the objectivity or independence of PKF Littlejohn LLP arose from the provision of non-audit services . Maria Perrella Chair of the Audit Committee 8 May 2025 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT The QCA 10 Principles of Corporate Governance The board of directors of Argo Blockchain PLC recognises the importance of corporate governance and has decided to apply the Corporate Governance Code published by the Quoted Companies Alliance (the "QCA Code"). A copy of the QCA Code is available at https://theqca.com/corporate-governance/. The QCA Code sets out a standard of best practice for small and midsize quoted companies. The QCA's ten principles of corporate governance are set out below, along with a description of the Company's approach to the relevant principle. Principle 1: Establish a strategy and business model which promotes long-term value for shareholders The Group is a UK based provider of cryptocurrency mining with its mining operations located in Canada and the US. The business endeavours to acquire efficient hardware to support its mining facilities with a focus on return on investment and prioritises the utilisation of renewable energy sources (wherever possible) at the most competitive prices. Principle 2: Seek to understand and meet shareholder needs and expectations The Group seeks to communicate with shareholders to ensure that its financial performance and strategy are clearly understood. This is achieved through regular updates by RNS to the London Stock Exchange, filings with the Security and Exchange Commission in the United States and meetings with various shareholders. The Group attends investor conferences in the UK and USA and ensures its website provides accurate information and is kept up to date. Principle 3: Take into account wider stakeholder and social responsibilities and their implications for long term success Our stakeholder groups include our employees in Canada, the United Kingdom, United States of America and our business partners. Employees are kept informed of the Company's progress and development by way of recurring meetings and have access to the Board at all times. We aim to recruit and retain our staff by ensuring our pay and conditions are competitive in the marketplace and offer training and career development where appropriate. We seek

[truncated]