BETA Close X Argo Blockchain plc has announced positive results from its plan and general meetings concerning its restructuring plan. The Restructuring Plan was overwhelmingly approved by shareholders with 81.70% of voting shares, 100% of noteholders, and 100% of the secured lender. Additionally, a resolution to approve the Rule 9 Waiver, crucial for the restructuring, passed with 77.03% of votes in favour. The plan now awaits final court sanction, scheduled for 8 December 2025. Disclaimer* Argo Blockchain PLC 03 December 2025 Press Release 3 December 2025 Argo Blockchain plc (" Argo " or " the Company ") Results of Plan and General Meetings Argo Blockchain plc announces the results of the meetings held on 2 December 2025 in connection with its proposed restructuring plan under Part 26A of the Companies Act 2006 (the " Restructuring Plan ") and of its general meeting also held on 2 December 2025. Pursuant to an order made by the High Court of Justice, Business and Property Courts of England and Wales (the " Court ") dated 6 November 2025 (the " Order "), the Company convened three Plan Meetings for 2 December 2025 - one each for (i) Shareholders (" Shareholder Court Meeting "), (ii) Noteholders (8.75% Senior Notes due 2026, ticker ARBKL), (" Noteholder Court Meeting ") and (iii) the Secured Lender (Growler Mining Tuscaloosa, LLC) (" Growler ") (" Secured Lender Court Meeting ") (" Plan Meetings "). In addition to the Plan Meetings, a general meeting of the Company was convened for 2 December 2025 (" General Meeting "). Plan Meetings Each Plan Meeting was asked to approve the Restructuring Plan. The Restructuring Plan was approved, on poll votes, at each of the Plan Meetings by the relevant majorities of the members of each class representing at least 75% in value of those present and voting (in person or by proxy): · of the Shareholders , 81.70% in number of shares of those voting approved the Restructuring Plan; · of the Noteholders, 100% in value of those voting approved the Restructuring Plan; and · of the Secured Lender, 100% in value of those voting approved the Restructuring Plan. The Restructuring Plan remains subject to approval of the Court with the sanction hearing currently scheduled to commence at 10.30 a.m. on 8 December 2025. General Meeting The General Meeting was held for the purpose of approving the conditional waiver granted by the Takeover Panel, of the obligation that would otherwise arise on Growler under Rule 9 of the Takeover Code in connection with the Restructuring Plan (" Rule 9 Waiver "). The resolution to approve the Rule 9 Waiver was approved on a poll. The number of votes lodged for and against the resolution, as well as the number of votes withheld, is set out below. Votes for: 15,596,847 (77.03%) Votes against: 4,651,990 (22.97%) Votes withheld: 3,528,166 - General Documents relating to the Restructuring Plan are available at https://deals.is.kroll.com/argo . The Restructuring Plan has been structured to enable the Company to rely on the exemption from registration provided by Section 3(a)(10) of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and certain other available exemptions under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 and applicable state securities laws, in each case with respect to securities expected to be issued under the plan. For further information of a general nature regarding the Restructuring Plan, please contact Fladgate LLP, the Company's legal advisers. Shareholders and noteholders that are retail investors should contact the Retail Advocate. FLADGATE LLP Email: Argo@fladgate.com Address: 16 Great Queen Street, London, WC2B 5DG Attention: Jeremy Whiteson THE RETAIL ADVOCATE Email: jy@abadvocate.co.uk Attention: Jon Yorke About Argo: Argo Blockchain plc is a dual-listed (LSE: ARB; NASDAQ: ARBK) blockchain technology company focused on large-scale cryptocurrency mining. With a mining facility in Quebec and offices in the US, Canada, and the UK, Argo's global, sustainable operations are predominantly powered by renewable energy. In 2021, Argo became the first climate positive cryptocurrency mining company, and a signatory to the Crypto Climate Accord. For more information, visit www.argoblockchain.com . This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Argo Blockchain (ARB) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 18 minutes ago Montanaro European Smaller Companies Trust 41 minutes ago Smith & Nephew 1 hour ago Bloomsbury Publishing 1 hour ago NATWEST GROUP 2 hours ago British American Tobacco All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and