MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. I. OVERVIEW The Progressive Corporation’s insurance subsidiaries recognized substantial growth in both premiums and policies in force during the first quarter 2025, compared to the same period last year, while maintaining an underwriting profit better than our 4% companywide underwriting profit goal. We wrote $22.2 billion of net premiums written during the first quarter 2025, which was $3.2 billion more than we generated during the same period last year, and reported an underwriting profit margin of 14.0%. During the first three months of 2025, companywide net premiums written and earned increased 17% and 20%, respectively, compared to the same period last year, and policies in force increased 18%. Companywide policies in force grew by 1.3 million policies since December 31, 2024, and by 5.5 million since March 31, 2024, to end the first quarter 2025 with 36.3 million policies in force. Our Personal Lines segment experienced strong growth for the first quarter 2025, with net premiums written increasing 20% and policies in force up 18%, compared to the same period in the prior year. This growth was primarily in our personal auto products and reflects new application growth mainly attributable to increased advertising spend and our continued efforts to work closely with our independent agents and to leverage our agent compensation program to reward writing profitable business. In Commercial Lines, we experienced solid growth with net premiums written up 5% and policies in force up 6%, during the first quarter 2025, compared to the same period last year. The growth in Commercial Lines premiums written primarily reflected the renewal of certain transportation network company (TNC) business policies that have higher rates and projected mileage, which is the basis for computing premiums, than the policies that renewed in the first quarter 2024. During the first quarter 2025, on a countrywide basis, we increased personal auto rates less than 1% and increased our personal property rates about 2%, in the aggregate. In our core commercial auto businesses (which excludes our TNC business, our Progressive Fleet & Specialty Programs (Fleet & Specialty) products, and our business owners’ policy (BOP) product), we increased rates in the aggregate about 1% during the first quarter 2025. We currently believe we are adequately priced in our personal auto products in most states and will continue to monitor the impact from tariffs and potential changes in the regulatory environment. We expect both the personal property and core commercial auto products to have near rate increases through the remainder of 2025. Starting in the first quarter 2025, the U.S. government announced additional tariffs on goods imported into the U.S. from numerous countries, which have, in response, resulted in additional tariffs against the U.S. We regularly model the potential impact tariffs could have on vehicle loss costs, the supply chain, the availability of parts, and general inflation, among other factors, although the dynamic international trade environment currently prevents us from accurately predicting how tariffs will ultimately impact our business. While our focus has been on trying to maintain stable rates for customers, tariffs and other retaliatory actions will likely result in higher loss costs, which could result in a reduction in profitability and higher than currently anticipated rate increases throughout 2025 and 2026. For the first quarter 2025, the increase in net income primarily reflected an increase in underwriting income. The increase in recurring investment income, was offset by net realized losses during the first quarter 2025, compared to net realized gains in the same period last year. Comprehensive income increased $1.3 billion over the first quarter last year, which was primarily driven by a $0.9 billion decrease in net unrealized losses on our securities, compared to a $0.2 billion net unrealized loss increase in the same period last year. The change in the unrealized losses we recognized during both periods were primarily driven by the economic environment. At March 31, 2025, total capital (debt plus shareholders’ equity) was $35.8 billion, which was an increase of $3.4 billion from 2024, primarily due to the $3.5 billion of comprehensive income earned in the first quarter 2025. A. Insurance Operations Our underwriting profit margin was 14.0% during the first quarter 2025, compared to 13.9% during the first quarter 2024. Our Personal Lines and Commercial Lines operating segments both generated strong profitability for the first three months of 2025. While underwriting profitability was relatively flat on a basis, for the first quarter 2025, our companywide loss and loss adjustment expense (LAE) ratio decreased 2.0 points, which was mostly offset by a 1.9 point increase in the expense ratio. The decrease in the loss and LAE ratio was primarily driven by favorable prior accident years reserve development and decreased incurred personal and commercial auto accident frequency. The increase in our companywide expense ratio during the first quarter 2025 primarily reflected increased advertising expense. During the first quarter 2025, our advertising spend was $1.3 billion, which was 86%, or 2.3 points, greater than the first quarter last year. 24 We closely manage our expenses, monitoring both acquisition expenses and expenses, which we view as an important measure of operational efficiency as we seek to deliver our most competitive rates to consumers. We will continue to advertise to maximize growth as long as the advertising spend is efficient and we remain on track to achieve our profitability goal. Our Personal Lines segment is comprised of our personal vehicle and property products. Personal Lines vehicles include both personal auto and special lines products. Our Personal Lines profitability for the first quarter 2025 was 14.3%, with personal vehicle and property products reporting 14.3% and 12.8%, respectively. In total, our special lines products, which are generally used less in cold weather months, had about a 1 point favorable impact on our total personal vehicle combined ratio for the first quarter 2025. Our Commercial Lines segment includes our core commercial auto products, TNC business, Fleet & Specialty products, and BOP product. Our total Commercial Lines underwriting profitability for the first quarter 2025 was 12.5%. During the first quarter 2025, our personal auto and core commercial auto businesses’ profitability benefited from higher average earned premium per policy, lower incurred loss frequency trends, and, in personal auto, favorable prior accident years reserve development. For the first quarter 2025, both segments generated strong net premiums written growth. Personal Lines net premiums written grew 20%, with the agency and direct personal vehicle businesses growing 17% and 25%, respectively, while personal property premium growth was flat. Commercial Lines net premiums written grew 5%. Changes in net premiums written are a function of new business applications (i.e., policies sold), business mix, premium per policy, and retention. During the first quarter 2025, we experienced a significant increase in total Personal Lines new business applications, primarily driven by increases in our personal vehicle products, due to increased advertising spend, our efforts to get back into the independent agents’ quote flows, and our competitiveness in the marketplace. New personal auto applications increased 32% during the first quarter 2025, compared to the same period in the prior year. In our personal property business, significant growth in new applications in our renters policies was offset by declines in our homeowners, condo, and dwelling products. The new application growth in our homeowners/condo products was down just over 55% on a basis for the first quarter 2025, with decreases in both less volatile states and in the more volatile markets (e.g., coastal and states). During the first quarter 2025, in our personal property business, we continued to focus on improving profitability and reducing exposure in more volatile markets, and, where permitted, on slowing growth and policies. We prioritized insuring properties (e.g., new construction, existing homes with newer roofs), accepting new business for homeowners/condo products only when bundled with a Progressive personal auto policy, where permitted, and continued to exit the home market. In addition, we expanded our cost sharing through mandatory wind and hail deductibles and roof depreciation schedules in markets where permitted. We plan to continue these actions during the remainder of 2025 in the more volatile markets and will continue to assess rate adequacy, at the state level, to determine readiness for new business growth. Total Commercial Lines net premiums written growth primarily reflected the renewal of certain of our TNC policies, due to rate increases and higher projected mileage for 2025, compared to 2024, which is the basis for computing premiums. Net premiums written growth for our core commercial auto products, which excludes the impact of the TNC renewal, was flat on a basis. New applications in our core commercial auto business increased 8% during the first quarter 2025, compared to the same period last year, primarily due to an increase in quote volume and improved conversion in all of our business market targets (BMT), other than transportation and specialty, as discussed below. Excluding the impact of the transportation and specialty BMTs, which had a decrease in new applications, our core commercial auto new application growth would have been 15% during the first quarter 2025. The transportation BMT continued to be adversely impacted by challenging freight market conditions that have caused a decline in the active number of motor carriers in this BMT. During the first quarter 2025, on a basis, average written premium per policy was flat in personal auto and decreased 10% and 6% in our personal property and core commercial auto products, respectively. In aggregate, we took minimal personal auto rate increases during the first quarter 2025 on a companywide basis. The decrease in personal property average written premium per policy was due to a shift in the mix of business to more renters policies, which have lower average written premiums, and our continued focus on slowing growth in more volatile markets, which generally have higher risk and, therefore, higher average premiums per policy. These mix shifts in our personal property business were partially offset by aggregate rate increases of 15% taken over the last 12 months and higher premium coverages reflecting increased property values. 25 The decrease in average written premium per policy in our core commercial auto products was due to a shift in the mix of business, primarily driven by decreased demand in our transportation BMT and, to a lesser extent, the specialty BMT, partially offset by rate increases of about 6%, in the aggregate, over the trailing 12 months. Given that our personal property and commercial auto policies are predominately written for 12-month terms, rate actions take longer to earn into premium for these products. We will continue to monitor the factors that could impact our loss costs for both segments, which may include tariffs, as discussed above, new and used car prices, miles driven, driving patterns, loss severity, weather events, building materials, construction costs, inflation, and other factors, on a basis. We believe a key element in improving the accuracy of our personal auto rating is Snapshot ® , our insurance offering. During the first quarter 2025, the personal auto adoption rates for consumers enrolling in the program decreased 1% in agency and increased 9% in direct, compared to the same period last year. The increase in the direct adoption rate primarily reflected enhancements in the direct quoting process, in addition to the continued rollout of our newest Snapshot model. Snapshot is available in all states, other than California, and our latest segmentation model was available in states that represented 78% of our countrywide personal auto net premiums written (excluding California) on a trailing 12-month basis at quarter end. We continue to invest in our mobile application, with the majority of new enrollments choosing mobile devices for Snapshot monitoring. We realize that to grow policies in force, it is critical that we retain our customers for longer periods. Consequently, increasing retention continues to be one of our most important priorities. Our efforts to increase our share of Progressive auto and personal property bundled households (i.e., Robinsons) remains a key initiative, and we plan to continue to make investments to improve the customer experience in order to support that goal. Policy life expectancy, which is our actuarial estimate of the average length of time that a policy will remain in force before cancellation or lapse in coverage, is our primary measure of customer retention in our Personal Lines and Commercial Lines businesses. In personal auto, we evaluate personal auto retention using a trailing 12-month and a trailing 3-month policy life expectancy. Although the latter can reflect more volatility and is more sensitive to seasonality, we believe this measure is more responsive to current experience and may be an indicator for the future trend of our 12-month measure. Our trailing 12-month total personal auto policy life expectancy was down 5% year over year for the first quarter 2025. On a trailing 3-month basis, our personal auto policy life expectancy was down 6% for the first quarter 2025, compared to the same period last year, which we believe is due to increased shopping and the competitiveness in the marketplace. Our trailing 12-month policy life expectancy was down 17% for our personal property products. Our personal property retention decreased primarily as a result of a mix shift to more renters policies, which generally have a lower policy life expectancy, our actions to certain policies, and rate increases. For our core commercial auto products, our trailing 12-month policy life expectancy decreased 6%, compared to the prior year. While still below the prior year, the policy life expectancy has experienced sequential improvement since the end of the third quarter 2024, which we believe is due to the moderation of our rate increases, compared to competitor rate increases, improving our competitiveness in the marketplace. The decrease in the core commercial auto policy life expectancy was across all BMTs, except tow, which reflected rate actions taken in 2023 and 2024, as well as the continued decrease in demand in the transportation BMT. B. Investments The fair value of our investment portfolio was $83.7 billion at March 31, 2025, compared to $80.3 billion at December 31, 2024. The increase from 2024 reflected positive cash flows from insurance operations and investment returns, partially offset by the payment of our annual variable common share dividend. Our asset allocation strategy is to maintain 0%-25% of our portfolio in Group I securities, with the balance (75%-100%) of our portfolio in Group II securities (the securities allocated to Group I and II are defined below under Results of Operations – Investments ). At March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, 5% and 6%, respectively, of our portfolio was allocated to Group I securities with the remainder to Group II securities. Our recurring investment income generated a pretax book yield of 4.1% for the first quarter 2025, compared to 3.7% for the same period in 2024. The increase from prior year primarily reflected investing new cash from insurance operations, and proceeds from maturing bonds, in higher coupon rate securities. Our investment portfolio produced a fully taxable equivalent (FTE) total return of 2.2% and 0.8% for the first quarter 2025 and 2024, respectively. Our and common stock portfolios had FTE total returns of 2.5% and (5.0)%, respectively, for the first quarter 2025, compared to 0.3% and 9.9%, respectively, last year. The increase in the portfolio FTE total return primarily reflected movements in Treasury yields . The decrease in the common stock portfolio FTE total return reflected general market conditions. 26 At March 31, 2025 and 2024, and December 31, 2024, the portfolio had a weighted average credit quality of AA-. At March 31, 2025, the portfolio duration was 3.4 years, compared to 3.2 years at March 31, 2024, and 3.3 years at December 31, 2024. During 2025, we increased our duration to take advantage of higher yields in the market. At March 31, 2025, we continued to maintain a relatively conservative investment portfolio with a greater allocation to cash and treasuries. We believe that this portfolio allocation positions us well to benefit from the continuing dynamic market environment. We believe that we are in a very strong position as we move into the second quarter of 2025. II. FINANCIAL CONDITION A. Liquidity and Capital Resources Progressive’s insurance operations create liquidity by collecting and investing premiums from new and renewal business in advance of paying claims, as well as our insurance subsidiaries producing aggregate underwriting profits and positive cash flows. As primarily an auto insurer, our claims liabilities generally have a duration. Operations generated positive cash flows of $5.1 billion and $4.2 billion for the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively. The increase in operating cash flow for the first three months of 2025, compared to the same period last year, was in part driven by the growth in profit from our underwriting operations. We believe cash flows will remain positive in the foreseeable future and do not expect we will need to raise capital to support our operations in that timeframe, although changes in market or regulatory conditions affecting the insurance industry, or other unforeseen events, may necessitate otherwise. As of March 31, 2025, we held $46.9 billion in investments and U.S. Treasury securities, which represented 56% of our total portfolio at quarter end. Based on our portfolio allocation and investment strategies, we believe that we have sufficient readily available marketable securities to cover our claim payments and obligations in the event our cash flows from operations were to be negative. While U.S. Treasury securities are viewed as having lower risk than many other investment opportunities, the U.S. Treasury announced it had reached its authorized borrowing limit and defaults under government obligations, including payments related to U.S. Treasury securities, could occur as soon as this summer. Although not likely probable, it is possible that the federal government could fail to raise the federal debt ceiling to avoid default. Any such default would likely have a material adverse impact on our cash flows and the value of our portfolio and our capital position. See Item 1A, Risk Factors in our Form 10-K filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission for the year ended December 31, 2024, for a discussion of certain matters that may affect our portfolio and capital position. Our total capital (debt plus shareholders’ equity) was $35.8 billion, based on book value, at March 31, 2025, compared to $28.7 billion at March 31, 2024, and $32.5 billion at December 31, 2024. The increase from 2024, primarily reflected the comprehensive income recognized during the first three months of 2025. Our capital ratio was 19.2% at March 31, 2025, 24.0% at March 31, 2024, and 21.2% at December 31, 2024. Our capital ratios were consistent with our financial policy of maintaining a ratio of less than 30%. None of the covenants on our existing debt securities include rating or credit triggers that would require an adjustment of interest rate or an acceleration of principal payments in the event that our debt securities are downgraded by a rating agency. In April 2025, we renewed the unsecured discretionary line of credit with PNC Bank, National Association, in the maximum principal amount of $300 million. We did not engage in borrowings, including any borrowings under the line of credit, to fund our operations or for liquidity purposes during the reported periods. We seek to deploy capital in a prudent manner and use multiple data sources and modeling tools to estimate the frequency, severity, and correlation of identified exposures, including, but not limited to, catastrophic and other insured losses, natural disasters, and other significant business interruptions, to estimate our potential capital needs. During the first three months of 2025, we returned capital to shareholders primarily through common share dividends and common share repurchases. In March 2025, our Board of Directors declared a $0.10 per common share dividend, or $59 million in the aggregate, that was paid in April 2025. In January 2025, we also paid common share dividends declared in the fourth quarter 2024, in the aggregate amount of $2.7 billion, or $4.60 per share (see Note 9 – Dividends for further discussion). Pursuant to our financial policies, we repurchase common shares to neutralize dilution from compensation granted during the year and opportunistically when we believe our shares are trading below our determination of fair value. During the first three months of 2025, we repurchased 0.2 million common shares, at a total cost of $54 million, to satisfy tax withholding obligations in connection with the vesting of equity awards under our employee equity compensation plans. We will continue to make decisions on returning 27 capital to shareholders based on the strength of our overall capital position, the capital strength of our subsidiaries, and potential capital needs of our business. At March 31, 2025, we had $3.5 billion in a consolidated, subsidiary of the holding company that can be used to fund corporate obligations and provide additional capital to the insurance subsidiaries to fund potential future growth and other opportunities. As of March 31, 2025, our estimated consolidated statutory surplus was $29.6 billion. During the first quarter 2025, our contractual obligations and critical accounting policies have not changed materially from those discussed in our 2024 Annual Report to Shareholders. There have not been any material changes in leverage, which includes purchase obligations and catastrophe excess of loss reinsurance contracts, from those discussed in our 2024 Annual Report to Shareholders. Based upon our capital planning and forecasting efforts, we believe we have sufficient capital resources and cash flows from operations to support our current business, scheduled principal and interest payments on our debt, anticipated quarterly dividends on our common shares, our contractual obligations, and other expected capital requirements for the foreseeable future. Nevertheless, we may decide to raise additional capital to take advantage of attractive terms in the market and provide additional financial flexibility. We currently have an effective shelf registration with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission so that we may periodically offer and sell an indeterminate aggregate amount of senior or subordinated debt securities, preferred stock, depository shares, common stock, purchase contracts, warrants, and units. The shelf registration enables us to raise funds, subject to market conditions, from the offering of any securities covered by the shelf registration as well as any combination thereof. III. RESULTS OF OPERATIONS – UNDERWRITING A. Segment Overview We report our underwriting operations in two segments: Personal Lines and Commercial Lines. Our Personal Lines segment writes insurance for personal vehicles, which include personal auto and special lines products (e.g., recreational vehicles, such as motorcycles, RVs, and watercraft), personal residential property insurance for homeowners and renters, umbrella insurance, and flood insurance through the “Write Your Own” program for the National Flood Insurance Program. Since our personal auto products represented about 90% of our Personal Lines segment net premiums written at quarter end, much of the following discussion will focus on our personal auto products, both in total and by distribution channel. We will also discuss our personal property products as we continue to focus on improving profitability and reducing our concentration and exposure in more volatile markets. Our Commercial Lines segment writes liability and physical damage insurance, general liability and commercial property insurance predominantly for small businesses, and workers’ compensation insurance primarily for the transportation industry and includes our core commercial auto products, TNC business, Fleet & Specialty products, and BOP product. Of our total Commercial Lines segment, our core commercial auto products represented about 80% of net premiums written and our TNC business represented about 15%, both on a trailing 12-month basis, as of the end of the first quarter 2025. Therefore, much of the following discussion focuses only on our core commercial auto products. The following table shows the composition of our companywide net premiums written, by segment, for the respective periods: Three Months Ended March 31, 2025 2024 Personal Lines Vehicles Agency 34 % 34 % Direct 45 42 Property 3 4 Total Personal Lines 82 80 Commercial Lines 18 20 Total underwriting operations 100 % 100 % Within our Personal Lines segment, we often categorize our personal auto product policyholders into four consumer segments: • Sam - inconsistently insured; • Diane - consistently insured and maybe a renter; • Wrights - homeowners who do not bundle auto and home; and • Robinsons - homeowners who bundle auto and home. 28 While our personal auto policies primarily have 6-month terms, to promote bundled personal auto and property growth, we write 12-month personal auto policies in our Platinum agencies. At March 31, 2025 and 2024, 12% and 14%, respectively, of our agency personal auto policies in force were 12-month policies. To the extent our agency application mix of annual personal auto policies changes, the shift in policy term could impact our average premiums in the agency channel, as 12-month policies have about twice the amount of net premiums written compared to 6-month policies. Our special lines and personal property products are written for 12-month terms. About 55% and 70%, respectively, of our special lines products and personal property business net premiums written was generated through the independent agency channel, with the balance through the direct channel. Within our Commercial Lines segment, our core commercial auto business operates in the following five traditional business market targets (BMT): • specialty; • transportation; • tow; • contractor; and • business auto. At March 31, 2025, about 90% of Commercial Lines policies in force had 12-month terms. The majority of our Commercial Lines business is written through the independent agency channel, although we continue to focus on growing our direct business, with about 10% of our core commercial auto premiums written through the direct channel. B. Profitability Profitability for our underwriting operations is defined by pretax underwriting profit or loss, which is calculated as net premiums earned plus fees and other revenues less losses and loss adjustment expenses, policy acquisition costs, and other underwriting expenses. We also use underwriting margin, which is underwriting profit or loss expressed as a percentage of net premiums earned, to analyze our results. For the respective periods, our underwriting profitability results were as follows: Three Months Ended March 31, 2025 2024 Underwriting Profit (Loss) Underwriting Profit (Loss) ($ in millions) $ Margin $ Margin Personal Lines Vehicles Agency $ 1,271 18.1 % $ 951 16.2 % Direct 1,013 11.4 1,043 14.9 Property 99 12.8 47 6.6 Total Personal Lines 2,383 14.3 2,041 15.0 Commercial Lines 338 12.5 209 8.2 Other indemnity 1 (4) NM 0 NM Total underwriting operations $ 2,717 14.0 % $ 2,250 13.9 % 1 Underwriting margins for our other indemnity businesses are not meaningful (NM) due to the low level of premiums earned by, and the variability of loss costs in, such businesses. While our underwriting profit margin was relatively flat on a basis for the first quarter 2025, our companywide loss and loss adjustment expense (LAE) ratio decreased 2.0 points, which was mostly offset by a 1.9 point increase in the expense ratio. The decrease in the loss and LAE ratio was primarily driven by favorable prior accident years reserve development and decreased incurred personal and commercial auto accident frequency. The increase in our companywide expense ratio during the first quarter 2025, primarily reflected increased advertising expense. During the first quarter 2025, our advertising spend was $1.3 billion, which was 86%, or 2.3 points, greater than the first quarter last year. See the Losses and Loss Adjustment Expenses (LAE) section below for further discussion of our catastrophe losses, frequency and severity trends, and reserve development recognized during the periods and the Underwriting Expense section for further discussion of our advertising and expenses. 29 Further underwriting results for our Personal Lines business, Commercial Lines business, and our underwriting operations in total, were as follows: Three Months Ended March 31, Underwriting Performance 1 2025 2024 Change Personal Lines Vehicles Agency Loss & loss adjustment expense ratio 63.9 65.9 (2.0) Underwriting expense ratio 18.0 17.9 0.1 Combined ratio 81.9 83.8 (1.9) Direct Loss & loss adjustment expense ratio 67.3 67.9 (0.6) Underwriting expense ratio 21.3 17.2 4.1 Combined ratio 88.6 85.1 3.5 Property Loss & loss adjustment expense ratio 58.4 64.8 (6.4) Underwriting expense ratio 28.8 28.6 0.2 Combined ratio 87.2 93.4 (6.2) Total Personal Lines Loss & loss adjustment expense ratio 65.4 66.9 (1.5) Underwriting expense ratio 20.3 18.1 2.2 Combined ratio 85.7 85.0 0.7 Commercial Lines Loss & loss adjustment expense ratio 67.8 72.4 (4.6) Underwriting expense ratio 19.7 19.4 0.3 Combined ratio 87.5 91.8 (4.3) Total Underwriting Operations Loss & loss adjustment expense ratio 65.8 67.8 (2.0) Underwriting expense ratio 20.2 18.3 1.9 Combined ratio 86.0 86.1 (0.1) Accident year – Loss & loss adjustment expense ratio 2 67.2 67.9 (0.7) 1 Ratios are expressed as a percentage of net premiums earned. Fees and other revenues are netted against either loss adjustment expenses or underwriting expenses in the ratio calculations, based on the underlying activity that generated the revenue. 2 The accident year ratios include only the losses that occurred during the period noted. As a result, accident period results will change over time, either favorably or unfavorably, as we revise our estimates of loss costs when payments are made or reserves for that accident period are reviewed. 30 Losses and Loss Adjustment Expenses (LAE) Three Months Ended March 31, (millions) 2025 2024 Change in net loss and LAE reserves $ 1,119 $ 579 Paid losses and LAE 11,685 10,393 Total incurred losses and LAE $ 12,804 $ 10,972 Claims costs, our most significant expense, represent payments made, and estimated future payments to be made, to or on behalf of our policyholders, including expenses needed to adjust or settle claims. Claims costs are a function of loss severity and frequency and, for our personal auto and core commercial auto businesses, are influenced by inflation and driving patterns, among other factors, some of which are discussed below. In our personal property business, severity is primarily a function of construction costs and the age and complexity of the structure, among other factors. Accordingly, anticipated changes in these factors are taken into account when we establish premium rates and loss reserves. Loss reserves are estimates of future costs and our reserves are adjusted as underlying assumptions change and information develops. Our total loss and LAE ratio decreased 2.0 points for the first quarter 2025, compared to the same period last year, primarily due to increased favorable prior accident years reserve development and a decrease in loss frequency in the first quarter 2025, compared to the same period last year. On an accident year basis, our loss and LAE ratio was 0.7 points lower than the first quarter 2024. The following table shows our consolidated catastrophe losses and related combined ratio point impact, excluding loss adjustment expenses, incurred during the periods: Three Months Ended March 31, 2025 2024 ($ in millions) $ Point 1 $ Point 1 Personal Lines Vehicles $ 300 1.9 $ 200 1.6 Property 154 19.8 138 19.3 Total Personal Lines 454 2.7 338 2.5 Commercial Lines 5 0.2 9 0.3 Total net catastrophe losses incurred $ 459 2.4 $ 347 2.1 1 Represents catastrophe losses incurred during the period, including the impact of reinsurance, as a percent of net premiums earned for each segment. In the three months ended March 31, 2025, our catastrophe losses reflected severe weather events throughout the United States, with Texas accounting for nearly 40% of the losses. We have responded, and plan to continue to respond, promptly to catastrophic events when they occur in order to provide claims service to our customers. Changes in our estimate of our ultimate losses on catastrophes currently reserved, along with potential future catastrophes, could have a material impact on our financial condition, cash flows, or results of operations. We reinsure various risks including, but not limited to, catastrophic losses. We do not have catastrophe-specific reinsurance for our personal auto, special lines, or core commercial auto businesses. The personal property business reinsurance programs include catastrophe per occurrence excess of loss contracts and aggregate excess of loss contracts. We also purchase excess of loss reinsurance on our workers’ compensation insurance and our commercial auto liability product offered by our Fleet & Specialty business, and on certain BOP product coverages. We evaluate our reinsurance programs during the renewal process, if not more frequently, to ensure our programs continue to effectively address the company’s risk tolerance. With respect to our personal property business, in the first quarter 2025, we entered into a new catastrophe aggregate excess of loss reinsurance contract for claims occurring in 2025 that has multiple layers of coverage. The first retention layer threshold ranges from $450 million to $475 million, excluding named tropical storms and hurricanes, and the second retention layer threshold is $525 million, including named tropical storms and hurricanes. The first and second layers provide coverage up to $75 million and $100 million, respectively. As part of the 2025 aggregate excess of loss program, we also entered into a severe convective storm parametric loss aggregate coverage, which covers a type of thunderstorm characterized by strong winds, heavy rain, large hail, thunder, lightning, and sometimes tornadoes. This parametric loss coverage provides $15 million of coverage, net of a retention of $665 million. While the total coverage limit and retention will evolve to fit the growth of our business, we expect to remain a consistent purchaser of reinsurance coverage. While the availability of reinsurance is subject to many forces outside of our control, the types of reinsurance that we elected to purchase during the first quarter 2025 were readily available and competitively priced. On a basis, we did not incur a material change in the aggregate costs of our reinsurance programs. See Item 1A, Risk Factors in our 2024 Form 10-K filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, for the year ended December 31, 2024, for a discussion of certain risks related 31 to catastrophe events. See Item 1, Business – Reinsurance on Form 10-K for a discussion of our various reinsurance programs. The following discussion of our severity and frequency trends in our personal auto business excludes comprehensive coverage because of its inherent volatility, as it is typically linked to catastrophic losses generally resulting from adverse weather. For our core commercial auto business, the reported frequency and severity trends include comprehensive coverage. Comprehensive coverage insures against damage to a customer’s vehicle due to various causes other than collision, such as windstorm, hail, theft, falling objects, and glass breakage. On a basis, the change in total personal auto incurred severity (i.e., average cost per claim, including both paid losses and the change in case reserves) over the period, was as follows: Quarter Coverage Type 2025 Bodily injury 9 % Collision 5 Personal injury protection (10) Property damage 2 Total 5 The increase in total severity, in part, reflects the impact of lower salvage and subrogation recoveries on total loss claims during the first quarter of 2025, compared to higher recoveries in the first quarter last year. Excluding the impact of these recoveries, the change in severity for collision would have been consistent with that of property damage. To address inherent seasonality trends and lessen the effects of variability in the commercial auto products, we use a trailing 12-month period in assessing severity. Since the loss patterns in the core commercial auto products are not indicative of our other commercial auto products (i.e., TNC and Fleet & Specialty businesses), disclosing severity and frequency trends excluding those businesses is more representative of our overall experience for the majority of our commercial products. As of the end of the first quarter 2025, our core commercial auto products’ trailing 12-month incurred severity increased 10%, compared to the same period last year, in part, due to prior years unfavorable development. It is a challenge to estimate future severity, but we continue to monitor changes in the underlying costs, such as tariffs, general inflation, used car prices, vehicle repair costs, medical costs, health care reform, court decisions, and jury verdicts, along with regulatory changes and other factors that may affect severity. The change in total personal auto incurred frequency, on a basis, over the period, was as follows: Quarter Coverage Type 2025 Bodily injury 1 % Collision (6) Personal injury protection (1) Property damage (1) Total (3) The decrease in frequency, in part, reflects a shift in the mix of business to a more preferred tier of customers (i.e., Wrights and Robinsons) and lower vehicle miles traveled during the first quarter 2025, compared to the same period last year. On a trailing 12-month basis, our core commercial auto products’ incurred frequency decreased 8% during the first quarter 2025, in part, due to a shift in the mix of business compared to the same period last year. We closely monitor changes in frequency, but the degree or direction of frequency change is not something that we are able to predict with any certainty. We will continue to analyze trends to distinguish changes in our experience from other external factors, such as changes in the number of vehicles per household, miles driven, vehicle usage, gasoline prices, advances in vehicle safety, and unemployment rates, versus those resulting from shifts in the mix of our business or changes in driving patterns, and the ridesharing economy to allow us to react quickly to price for these trends and to reserve more accurately for our loss exposures. 32 The table below presents the actuarial adjustments implemented and the loss reserve development experienced on a companywide basis in the following periods: Three Months Ended March 31, ($ in millions) 2025 2024 Actuarial Adjustments Reserve decrease (increase) Prior accident years $ 25 $ (64) Current accident year 14 33 actuarial adjustments $ 39 $ (31) Prior Accident Years Development Favorable (unfavorable) Actuarial adjustments $ 25 $ (64) All other development 253 75 Total development $ 278 $ 11 (Increase) decrease to combined ratio 1.4 pts. 0.1 pts. Total development consists of both actuarial adjustments and “all other development” on prior accident years. We use “accident year” generically to represent the year in which a loss occurred. The actuarial adjustments represent the net changes made by our actuarial staff to both current and prior accident year reserves based on regularly scheduled reviews. Through these reviews, our actuaries identify and measure variances in the projected frequency and severity trends, which allow them to adjust the reserves to reflect current cost trends. For the Personal Lines vehicle products and the Commercial Lines business, development for catastrophe losses would be reflected in “all other development,” discussed below, to the extent they relate to prior year reserves. For our Personal Lines property business, 100% of catastrophe losses are reviewed monthly, and any development on catastrophe reserves are included as part of the actuarial adjustments. We report these actuarial adjustments separately for the current and prior accident years to reflect these adjustments as part of the total prior accident years development. “All other development” represents claims settling for more or less than reserved, emergence of unrecorded claims at rates different than anticipated in our incurred but not recorded (IBNR) reserves, and changes in reserve estimates on specific claims. Although we believe the development from both the actuarial adjustments and “all other development” generally results from the same factors, we are unable to quantify the portion of the reserve development that might be applicable to any one or more of those underlying factors. Our objective is to establish case and IBNR reserves that are adequate to cover all loss costs, while incurring minimal variation from the date the reserves are initially established until losses are fully developed. Our ability to meet this objective is impacted by many factors, such as the factors impacting severity estimates described above and storms occurring close to quarter end. As reflected in the table above, we experienced favorable prior accident years development during the first three months of 2025, compared to relatively flat prior accident years development for the same period last year. The favorable development during the first three months of 2025 was, in part, due to lower than anticipated severity and frequency in Florida personal auto and, for personal property, favorable development on 2024 catastrophe events. See Note 6 – Loss and Loss Adjustment Expense Reserve s to the consolidated financial statements for a more detailed discussion of our prior accident years reserve development and Critical Accounting Policies in our 2024 Annual Report to Shareholders for discussion of the application of estimates and assumptions in the establishment of our loss reserves. Underwriting Expenses Underwriting expenses include policy acquisition costs and other underwriting expenses. The underwriting expense ratio is our underwriting expenses, net of certain fees and other revenues, expressed as a percentage of net premiums earned. For the first quarter 2025, our underwriting expense ratio was up 1.9 points, compared to the same period last year. The increase was primarily attributable to the increase in our advertising spend, partially offset by growth in net premiums earned. In total, our companywide advertising spend increased 86%, or 2.3 points, in the first quarter 2025, compared to the same period last year. Our total advertising spend for the first quarter 2025, was $1.3 billion, compared to $0.7 billion in the first quarter 2024. Our advertising spend in the first quarter 2025 exceeded the amount of advertising spend for any previous quarterly period. We invested heavily during the first quarter of the year to capture consumer shopping, and will continue to advertise to maximize growth, as long as we remain on track to achieve our profitability goal and can acquire customers at or below our target acquisition cost. 33 To analyze underwriting expenses, we also review our expense ratio (NAER), which excludes costs related to policy acquisition (e.g., advertising and agency commissions) from our underwriting expense ratio. By excluding acquisition costs from our underwriting expense ratio, we are able to understand costs other than those necessary to acquire new policies and grow the business. During the first quarter 2025, our NAER decreased 0.3 points in our personal vehicle business and increased 1.2 points and 0.1 points in our personal property and core commercial auto businesses, respectively, compared to the same period last year. We remain committed to efficiently managing operational expenses. C. Growth For our underwriting operations, we analyze growth in terms of both premiums and policies. Net premiums written represent the premiums from policies written during the period, less any premiums ceded to reinsurers. Net premiums earned, which are a function of the premiums written in the current and prior periods, are earned as revenue over the life of the policy using a daily earnings convention. Policies in force, our preferred measure of growth since it removes the variability due to rate changes or mix shifts, represents all policies for which coverage was in effect as of the end of the period specified. Three Months Ended March 31, ($ in millions) 2025 2024 % Growth Net Premiums Written Personal Lines Vehicles Agency $ 7,473 $ 6,399 17 % Direct 10,067 8,082 25 Property 733 733 0 Total Personal Lines 18,273 15,214 20 Commercial Lines 3,933 3,748 5 Total underwriting operations $ 22,206 $ 18,962 17 % Net Premiums Earned Personal Lines Vehicles Agency $ 7,026 $ 5,858 20 % Direct 8,908 7,020 27 Property 776 713 9 Total Personal Lines 16,710 13,591 23 Commercial Lines 2,699 2,558 6 Total underwriting operations $ 19,409 $ 16,149 20 % March 31, (# in thousands) 2025 2024 % Growth Policies in Force Personal Lines Agency - auto 10,146 8,593 18 % Direct - auto 14,771 11,855 25 Special lines 6,637 6,076 9 Property 3,576 3,209 11 Total Personal Lines 35,130 29,733 18 Commercial Lines 1,162 1,101 6 Companywide total 36,292 30,834 18 % To analyze growth, we review new policies, rate levels, and the retention characteristics of our segments. Although new policies are necessary to maintain a growing book of business, we recognize the importance of retaining our current customers as a critical component of our continued growth. 34 D. Personal Lines Our Personal Lines business offers vehicle (personal auto and special lines) and residential property insurance products to personal consumers, with the operating goal of optimizing the number of insured products within our policyholders’ households. In our discussion below, we report our personal auto and personal property business results separately as components of our Personal Lines segment to provide a further understanding of our products. Our personal auto business discussions are further separated between the agency and direct distribution channel. For the three months ended March 31, 2025, 42% of our personal auto business was written through the agency channel and 58% was written through the direct channel. Personal Auto - Agency The changes our personal auto agency business were as follows: Change Over Prior Year Quarter 2025 2024 Applications New 30 % (13) % Renewal 17 8 Total 19 3 Written premium per policy New (4) 5 Renewal (1) 17 Total (2) 15 Policy life expectancy Trailing 3 months (5) 7 Trailing 12 months (1) 28 The personal auto agency business includes business written by more than 40,000 independent insurance agencies that represent Progressive, as well as brokerages in New York and California. During the first quarter 2025, we generated new agency personal auto application growth in 47 states and the District of Columbia, including nine of our top 10 largest agency states. Compared to the same period in the prior year, new application and policy in force growth varied by consumer segment: • Sams experienced a low increase in policies in force, with a significant increase in new applications during the first quarter 2025; • Dianes and Wrights experienced significant policies in force and new application growth during the first quarter 2025; and • Robinsons had a high increase in policies in force, with a significant decline in new applications during the first quarter 2025. During the first quarter 2025, on a basis, we experienced an increase in agency auto quote volume of 16%, with a rate of conversion (i.e., converting a quote to a sale) increase of 11%, compared to the same period last year. All four of our consumer segments experienced an increase in both quote volume and conversion during the first quarter 2025, compared to the same period in the prior year, except Robinsons who had a decline in quotes and a significant decline in conversion. New applications, quotes, and conversion declined in Robinsons year over year due to several initiatives implemented in our personal property business that were focused on improving profitability, as discussed in the Personal Property section below. These initiatives, which began during the last half of 2024, focused primarily on home and condo coverages and impacted growth in bundled auto and homeowner policies. Our personal auto rates were relatively stable during the quarter. The decrease in written premium per policy for new and renewal personal auto agency business during the first quarter 2025, compared to the same period last year, was in part, attributable to a shift in the mix of business, including a shift to a higher percentage of 6-month policies, which have about half of the amount of net premiums written as policies with 12-month terms. Our trailing 3- and 12-month policy life expectancy in the agency auto business experienced a decrease at the end of the first quarter 2025, on a basis, which we believe is primarily driven by a shift in the mix of business and increased consumer shopping. Personal Auto - Direct The changes in our personal auto direct business were as follows: Change Over Prior Year Quarter 2025 2024 Applications New 33 % (6) % Renewal 21 11 Total 24 6 Written premium per policy New 3 9 Renewal 1 14 Total 2 13 Policy life expectancy Trailing 3 months (5) (6) Trailing 12 months (7) 13 The personal auto direct business includes business written directly by Progressive online or by phone. During the first quarter 2025, we generated new direct personal auto application growth in 48 states and the District of Columbia, including nine of our top 10 largest direct states. During the first quarter 2025, each of our consumer segments experienced a significant increase in new applications year over year. Policies in force grew between 19% and 27% in each consumer segment, compared to the same period last year. 35 During the first quarter 2025, direct personal auto quote volume increased 22%, with a rate of conversion increase of 8%, compared to the same period last year, primarily driven by increased advertising spend and our competitiveness in the marketplace. All consumer segments saw a significant increase in quotes and a modest increase in the rate of conversion during the first quarter 2025, except for Robinsons where conversion was flat. The personal property profitability initiatives that negatively affected Robinsons new application, quote, and conversion growth in the agency channel were not as impactful to the direct channel as the majority of the property business bundles with personal auto in the direct channel is written through unaffiliated carriers, which remain available even when we restrict writing our personal property products. Written premium per policy increased for new and renewal personal auto direct business during the first quarter 2025, compared to the same period last year, primarily driven by the rate increases made during the last 12 months. Our trailing 3- and 12-month policy life expectancy in the direct auto business experienced a decrease at the end of the first quarter 2025, on a basis, which we believe is primarily driven by a shift in the mix of business and increased consumer shopping. Personal Property The changes in our personal property business were as follows: Change Over Prior Year Quarter 2025 2024 Applications New 0 % 31 % Renewal 13 7 Total 8 15 Written premium per policy New (42) 2 Renewal (3) 6 Total (10) 2 Policy life expectancy Trailing 12 months (17) 11 Our personal property business writes residential property insurance for homeowners and renters, umbrella, and flood insurance through the “Write Your Own” program for the National Flood Insurance Program. Our personal property business insurance is written in the agency and direct channels. In addition to reducing our geographic footprint in more volatile markets (e.g., coastal and hail- prone states), we continued to focus on achieving profitability goals in markets that are less susceptible to catastrophes for our homeowners products, which we define as our total personal property business excluding renters and umbrella products. In the states, policies in force increased 14% on a basis as of March 31, 2025. Policies in force decreased 12% in the volatile weather states as of the end of the first quarter 2025, compared to the same period in the prior year. During the first quarter 2025, we continued several initiatives, including: (i) prioritizing insuring properties (e.g., new construction, existing homes with newer roofs); (ii) having underwriting restrictions in place in most states, to only accept new personal property business (e.g., home or condo) when the property policy is bundled with a Progressive personal auto policy, where permitted; (iii) restricting new business and policies that provide coverage for properties (e.g., vacation rental, secondary residence, etc.) in the majority of states; and, (iv) expanding our cost sharing with policyholders through mandatory wind and hail deductibles and roof depreciation schedules in markets where permitted. In addition, beginning in the second quarter 2024, following the required filings and notices, we began our efforts to up to 115,000 Property policies in Florida. This effort slowed while the moratoriums were in place in response to Hurricanes Helene and Milton, which temporarily limited an insurer’s ability to policies, but resumed once the moratoriums expired in December 2024. We currently expect this effort to be substantially completed by the end of the second quarter 2025. To try to ease the disruption of the to our customers and agents, we reached an agreement with an unaffiliated Florida insurer to offer replacement policies to many of these policyholders, subject to the insurer’s underwriting and financial guidelines and agent appointments where applicable. Our written premium per policy decreased on a basis for the first quarter 2025, primarily attributable to a shift in the mix of business to more renters policies, which have lower average written premiums, and a decline in homeowners policies in force in both volatile markets and properties, which both have higher average premiums. The effect of these declines were partially offset by rate increases taken during 2024 and higher premium coverages reflecting increased property values. During the first quarter 2025, we increased rates, in aggregate, about 2% in our personal property business. We intend to continue to make targeted rate increases in states where we are not achieving our profitability goals. 36 The policy life expectancy in our personal property business shortened during the first quarter 2025, compared to the same period last year, which we believe is primarily driven by a shift in the mix of business to more renters policies, the for certain policies in volatile weather states, and rate increases made during the last 12 months. E. Commercial Lines The following table and discussion focuses on our core commercial auto products, which accounted for about 80% of our Commercial Lines segment net premiums written on a trailing 12-month basis, as of the end of the first quarter 2025. changes in our core commercial auto products were as follows: Change Over Prior Year Quarter 2025 2024 Applications New 8 % 2 % Renewal 4 0 Total 5 1 Written premium per policy New (8) 4 Renewal (5) 14 Total (6) 10 Policy life expectancy Trailing 12 months (6) (15) During the first quarter 2025, core commercial auto new application growth was positive in each of our BMTs, except for the transportation and specialty BMTs. The transportation BMT continued to be adversely impacted by challenging freight market conditions that have continued to cause a decline in the active number of motor carriers in this BMT. During the first quarter 2025, quote volume and conversion increased about 3% and 5%, respectively, in our core commercial auto products, compared to the same period last year. The effect of the previously discussed rate increases had on written premium per policy for our core commercial auto business was offset by the change in the mix of business written, compared to the first quarter 2024. During the first quarter 2025, we increased rates, in aggregate, about 1% in our core commercial auto products. We will continue to evaluate our rate need and adjust rates as we deem necessary. Our policy life expectancy decreased in all BMTs, except for tow, which we believe is due to rate and actions, as well as the continued decrease in demand in the transportation BMT. As of the end of the first quarter 2025, policy life expectancy has experienced sequential improvement since the end of the third quarter 2024, which we believe is due to the moderation of our rate increases, compared to competitor rate increases, improving our competitiveness in the marketplace. IV. RESULTS OF OPERATIONS – INVESTMENTS A. Investment Results Our management philosophy governing the portfolio is to evaluate investment results on a total return basis. The fully taxable equivalent (FTE) total return includes recurring investment income, adjusted to a fully taxable amount for certain securities that receive preferential tax treatment (e.g., municipal securities), and total net realized, and changes in total net unrealized, gains (losses) on securities. The following table summarizes investment results for the periods ended March 31: Three Months 2025 2024 Pretax recurring investment book yield (annualized) 4.1 % 3.7 % FTE total return: securities 2.5 0.3 Common stocks (5.0) 9.9 Total portfolio 2.2 0.8 The increase in the book yield, compared to last year, primarily reflected investing new cash from insurance operations, and proceeds from maturing bonds, in higher coupon rate securities. The increase in the portfolio FTE total return, compared to last year, primarily reflected movement in Treasury yields . The common stock FTE total return reflected general market conditions. A further of our FTE total returns for our portfolio for the periods ended March 31, follows: Three Months 2025 2024 securities: U.S. government obligations 2.9 % (0.4) % State and local government obligations 2.0 0.4 Foreign government obligations 1.6 (2.4) Corporate and other debt securities 2.0 0.6 Residential securities 2.0 2.0 Commercial securities 2.2 3.2 Other securities 1.4 1.4 Nonredeemable preferred stocks 1.8 4.1 investments 1.1 1.4 37 B. Portfolio Allocation The composition of the investment portfolio was: ($ in millions) Fair Value % of Total Portfolio Duration (years) Average Rating 1 March 31, 2025 U.S. government obligations $ 44,318 53.0 % 4.5 AA+ State and local government obligations 2,604 3.1 2.8 AA+ Foreign government obligations 16 0 1.4 AAA Corporate and other debt securities 16,016 19.2 2.7 BBB+ Residential securities 2,183 2.6 2.5 AA+ Commercial securities 4,825 5.8 1.6 A+ Other securities 7,139 8.5 1.2 AA+ Nonredeemable preferred stocks 584 0.7 1.2 BBB- investments 2,595 3.1 <0.1 A+ Total securities 80,280 96.0 3.4 AA- Common equities 3,384 4.0 na na Total portfolio 2 $ 83,664 100.0 % 3.4 AA- March 31, 2024 U.S. government obligations $ 38,563 55.8 % 3.9 AA+ State and local government obligations 2,060 3.0 3.0 AA+ Foreign government obligations 16 0.1 2.3 AAA Corporate and other debt securities 12,695 18.3 2.7 BBB+ Residential securities 383 0.6 0.5 A+ Commercial securities 3,852 5.6 2.2 A+ Other securities 6,061 8.8 1.1 AA+ Nonredeemable preferred stocks 886 1.3 2.0 BBB- investments 1,327 1.9 <0.1 AA- Total securities 65,843 95.4 3.2 AA- Common equities 3,195 4.6 na na Total portfolio 2 $ 69,038 100.0 % 3.2 AA- December 31, 2024 U.S. government obligations $ 45,988 57.3 % 4.1 AA+ State and local government obligations 2,778 3.5 2.5 AA+ Foreign government obligations 16 0 1.6 AAA Corporate and other debt securities 13,954 17.4 2.6 BBB+ Residential securities 1,601 2.0 2.6 AA Commercial securities 4,352 5.4 1.9 A+ Other securities 6,643 8.3 1.2 AA+ Nonredeemable preferred stocks 728 0.9 1.4 BBB- investments 615 0.7 <0.1 AA- Total securities 76,675 95.5 3.3 AA- Common equities 3,575 4.5 na na Total portfolio 2 $ 80,250 100.0 % 3.3 AA- na = not applicable 1 Represents ratings at period end. Credit quality ratings are assigned by nationally recognized statistical rating organizations. To calculate the weighted average credit quality ratings, we weight individual securities based on fair value and assign a numeric score of 0-5, with and securities assigned a score of 0-1. To the extent the weighted average of the ratings falls between AAA and AA+, we assign an internal rating of AAA-. 2 At March 31, 2025 and 2024 and December 31, 2024, we had $297 million, $16 million, and $125 million, respectively, of net unsettled security transactions included in other liabilities. The total fair value of the portfolio at March 31, 2025 and 2024 and December 31, 2024, included $3.5 billion, $3.2 billion, and $6.2 billion, respectively, of securities held in a consolidated, subsidiary of the holding company, net of unsettled security transactions. A portion of the investments held at December 31, 2024 were sold and proceeds used to pay our common share dividends in January 2025; see Note 9 – Dividends for additional information. 38 Our asset allocation strategy is to maintain 0%-25% of our portfolio in Group I securities, with the balance (75%-100%) of our portfolio in Group II securities. We define Group I securities to include: • common equities, • nonredeemable preferred stocks, • redeemable preferred stocks, except for 50% of redeemable preferred stocks with cumulative dividends, which are included in Group II, and • all other securities. Group II securities include: • securities, and • all other securities, including 50% of redeemable preferred stocks with cumulative dividends. We believe this asset allocation strategy allows us to appropriately assess the risks associated with these securities for capital purposes and is in line with the treatment by our regulators. The following table shows the composition of our Group I and Group II securities: March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024 December 31, 2024 ($ in millions) Fair Value % of Total Portfolio Fair Value % of Total Portfolio Fair Value % of Total Portfolio Group I securities: fixed maturities $ 436 0.5 % $ 467 0.7 % $ 385 0.5 % Nonredeemable preferred stocks 584 0.7 886 1.3 728 0.9 Common equities 3,384 4.0 3,195 4.6 3,575 4.5 Total Group I securities 4,404 5.2 4,548 6.6 4,688 5.9 Group II securities: Other fixed maturities 76,665 91.7 63,163 91.5 74,947 93.4 investments 2,595 3.1 1,327 1.9 615 0.7 Total Group II securities 79,260 94.8 64,490 93.4 75,562 94.1 Total portfolio $ 83,664 100.0 % $ 69,038 100.0 % $ 80,250 100.0 % To determine the allocation between Group I and Group II, we use the credit ratings from models provided by the National Association of Insurance Commissioners (NAIC) to classify our residential and commercial securities, excluding (IO) securities, and the credit ratings from nationally recognized statistical rating organizations (NRSROs) to classify all other debt securities. NAIC ratings are based on a model that considers the book price of our securities when assessing the probability of future losses in assigning a credit rating. As a result, NAIC ratings can vary from credit ratings issued by NRSROs. Management believes NAIC ratings more accurately reflect our risk profile when determining the asset allocation between Group I and Group II securities. Unrealized Gains (Losses) As of March 31, 2025, our portfolio had total net unrealized losses, which are recorded as part of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) on our consolidated balance sheets, of $0.5 billion, compared to $1.8 billion and $1.4 billion at March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2024, respectively. The decrease in total unrealized losses from March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2024, was due to valuation increases across all sectors, most prominently in our U.S. Treasury, corporate and other debt, and commercial portfolios as lower interest rates and, in some cases, tighter credit spreads drove strong portfolio performance. See Note 2 – Investments for a further of our gross unrealized gains (losses). 39 Holding Period Gains (Losses) The following table provides the balance and activity for both the gross and net holding period gains (losses) for the three months ended March 31, 2025: (millions) Gross Holding Period Gains Gross Holding Period Losses Net Holding Period Gains (Losses) Balance at December 31, 2024 Hybrid securities $ 8 $ (12) $ (4) Equity securities 1 2,838 (36) 2,802 Total holding period securities 2,846 (48) 2,798 Current year change in holding period securities Hybrid securities 1 2 3 Equity securities 1 (207) (9) (216) Total changes in holding period securities (206) (7) (213) Balance at March 31, 2025 Hybrid securities 9 (10) (1) Equity securities 1 2,631 (45) 2,586 Total holding period securities $ 2,640 $ (55) $ 2,585 1 Equity securities include common equities and nonredeemable preferred stocks. Changes in holding period gains (losses), similar to unrealized gains (losses) in our portfolio, are the result of changes in market conditions as well as sales of securities based on various portfolio management decisions. Securities The portfolio is managed internally and includes securities, investments, and nonredeemable preferred stocks. Following are the primary exposures for our portfolio. Interest Rate Risk Our duration of 3.4 years at March 31, 2025, 3.2 years at March 31, 2024, and 3.3 years at December 31, 2024 fell within our acceptable range of 1.5 to 5.0 years. The duration distribution of our portfolio, excluding investments, represented by the interest rate sensitivity of the comparable benchmark U.S. Treasury Notes, was: Duration Distribution March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024 December 31, 2024 1 year 11.1 % 11.0 % 9.6 % 2 years 8.2 11.2 8.2 3 years 25.2 32.4 29.5 5 years 35.3 31.8 43.6 7 years 19.4 12.1 8.2 10 years 0.8 1.5 0.9 Total portfolio 100.0 % 100.0 % 100.0 % Credit Risk This exposure is managed by maintaining an A minimum weighted average portfolio credit quality rating, as defined by NRSROs. At March 31, 2025 and 2024, and December 31, 2024, our weighted average credit quality rating was AA-. The credit quality distribution of the portfolio was: Average Rating 1 March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024 December 31, 2024 AAA 13.6 % 11.0 % 12.6 % AA 60.8 64.3 64.2 A 7.4 7.0 6.4 BBB 17.1 16.3 15.7 grade/ BB 0.9 1.1 0.8 B 0.1 0.2 0.2 0.1 0.1 0.1 Total portfolio 100.0 % 100.0 % 100.0 % 1 The credit quality ratings are assigned by NRSROs. 40 Concentration Risk We did not have any investments in a single issuer, either overall or in the context of individual asset classes and sectors, that exceeded our thresholds during the first quarter 2025. Prepayment and Extension Risk We did not experience significant adverse prepayment or extension of principal relative to our cash flow expectations in the portfolio during the first quarter 2025. Liquidity Risk Our overall portfolio remains very liquid and we believe that it is sufficient to meet expected liquidity requirements. The duration of our portfolio provides a source of liquidity. During the remainder of 2025, we expect approximately $5.7 billion, or 17%, of principal repayment from our portfolio, excluding U.S. Treasury Notes and investments. Cash from interest and dividend payments provides an additional source of recurring liquidity. The duration of our U.S. government obligations, which are included in the portfolio, was comprised of the following at March 31, 2025: ($ in millions) Fair Value Duration (years) U.S. Treasury Notes Less than one year $ 224 0.6 One to two years 851 1.7 Two to three years 1,357 2.7 Three to five years 28,017 4.0 Five to seven years 13,867 5.9 Seven to ten years 2 7.8 Total U.S. Treasury Notes $ 44,318 4.5 SECURITIES Included in our portfolio are securities, which were comprised of the following at the balance sheet dates listed: ($ in millions) Fair Value Net Unrealized Gains (Losses) % of Asset- Backed Securities Duration (years) Average Rating (at period end) 1 March 31, 2025 Residential securities $ 2,183 $ 10 15.4 % 2.5 AA+ Commercial securities 4,825 (319) 34.1 1.6 A+ Other securities 7,139 (25) 50.5 1.2 AA+ Total securities $ 14,147 $ (334) 100.0 % 1.5 AA March 31, 2024 Residential securities $ 383 $ (9) 3.7 % 0.5 A+ Commercial securities 3,852 (516) 37.4 2.2 A+ Other securities 6,061 (85) 58.9 1.1 AA+ Total securities $ 10,296 $ (610) 100.0 % 1.5 AA December 31, 2024 Residential securities $ 1,601 $ (2) 12.7 % 2.6 AA Commercial securities 4,352 (369) 34.6 1.9 A+ Other securities 6,643 (39) 52.7 1.2 AA+ Total securities $ 12,596 $ (410) 100.0 % 1.6 AA 1 The credit quality ratings are assigned by NRSROs. 41 Residential Securities (RMBS) The following table details the credit quality rating and fair value of our RMBS, along with the loan classification and a comparison of the fair value at March 31, 2025, to our original investment value (adjusted for returns of principal, amortization, and ): Residential Securities (at March 31, 2025) ($ in millions) Average Rating 1 Government/GSE 2 Total % of Total AAA $ 1,581 $ 0 $ 1,581 72.4 % AA 23 1 24 1.1 A 210 0 210 9.6 BBB 366 0 366 16.8 grade/ : BB 0 0 0 0 CCC and lower 1 0 1 0.1 1 0 1 0 Total fair value $ 2,182 $ 1 $ 2,183 100.0 % Increase (decrease) in value 0.5 % (3.9) % 0.5 % 1 The credit quality ratings are assigned by NRSROs; when we assigned the NAIC ratings for our RMBS, 92% of our securities were rated investment grade and reported as Group II securities. 2 The securities in this category are insured by a Government Sponsored Entity (GSE) and/or collateralized by mortgage loans insured by the Federal Housing Administration (FHA) or the U.S. Department of Veteran Affairs (VA). . Our RMBS portfolio consists of deals that are backed by quality borrowers and/or those that have strong structural protections through underlying loan collateralization. During the first quarter of 2025, we continued to increase our exposure in this portfolio through purchases in both the primary and secondary markets with securities that had shorter spread durations. Our additions were concentrated in securities, while also increasing our allocation to Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac credit risk transfer securities. Commercial Securities (CMBS) The following table details the credit quality rating and fair value of our CMBS, along with a comparison of the fair value at March 31, 2025, to our original investment value (adjusted for returns of principal, amortization, and ): Commercial Securities (at March 31, 2025) ($ in millions) Average Rating 1 Total % of Total AAA $ 135 $ 2,036 $ 2,171 45.0 % AA 0 840 840 17.4 A 0 557 557 11.5 BBB 0 868 868 18.0 grade/ : BB 0 377 377 7.8 B 0 12 12 0.3 Total fair value $ 135 $ 4,690 $ 4,825 100.0 % Increase (decrease) in value (4.6) % (6.3) % (6.2) % 1 The credit quality ratings are assigned by NRSROs; when we assigned the NAIC ratings for our CMBS, 87% of our securities were rated investment grade and reported as Group II securities, with the remainder classified as Group I. During the first quarter 2025, there was strong new issuance activity in the CMBS market and deals backed by office properties were the largest source of new issuances in the market. Growth in the portfolio was largely driven by additions of securities backed by industrial logistics, retail, and properties. As of March 31, 2025, we had no delinquencies in our CMBS portfolio. 42 The following table shows the composition of our CMBS portfolio by maturity year and sector: Commercial Securities Sector Details (at March 31, 2025) ($ in millions) Maturity 1 Office Lab Office IO Retail Industrial Self- Storage Casino Total Average Original LTV Average Current DSCR 2025 $ 0 $ 47 $ 0 $ 30 $ 0 $ 0 $ 0 $ 0 $ 77 69.9 % 1.5 2026 385 55 225 35 0 98 86 113 997 62.6 1.5 2027 381 0 62 31 0 0 256 0 730 62.1 1.9 2028 278 0 0 24 0 0 24 0 326 64.0 1.8 2029 490 153 452 11 0 435 184 71 1,796 62.5 2.3 2030 106 60 0 4 148 144 0 98 560 58.5 2.7 2031 245 94 0 0 0 0 0 0 339 66.5 2.0 Total fair value $ 1,885 $ 409 $ 739 $ 135 $ 148 $ 677 $ 550 $ 282 $ 4,825 LTV= loan to value DSCR= debt service coverage ratio 1 The securities were extended to their full maturity and securities are shown to their anticipated repayment date (if applicable) or their maturity date. We show the average loan to value (LTV) of each maturity year when the loans were originated. The LTV ratio that management uses, which is commonly expressed as a percentage, compares the size of the entire mortgage loan to the appraised value of the underlying property collateralizing the loan at issuance. A LTV ratio less than 100% indicates excess collateral value over the loan amount. LTV ratios greater than 100% indicate that the loan amount exceeds the collateral value. We believe this ratio provides a conservative view of our actual risk of loss, as this number displays the entire mortgage LTV, while our ownership is only a portion of the structure of the mortgage security. For many of the mortgage loans in our portfolio, our exposure is in a more senior part of the structure, which means that the LTV on our actual exposure is even lower than the ratios presented. In addition to the LTV ratio, we also examine the credit of our CMBS portfolio by reviewing the debt service coverage ratio (DSCR) of the securities. The DSCR compares the underlying property ’ s annual net operating income to its annual debt service payments. A DSCR less than 1.0 times indicates that property operations do not generate enough income over the debt service payments, while a DSCR greater than 1.0 times indicates that there is an excess of operating income over the debt service payments. A number above 1.0 generally indicates that there would not be an incentive for the borrower to default in light of the borrower ’ s excess income. The DSCR reported in the table is calculated based on the most currently available net operating income and mortgage payments for the borrower. Other Securities (OABS) The following table details the credit quality rating and fair value of our OABS, along with a comparison of the fair value at March 31, 2025, to our original investment value (adjusted for returns of principal, amortization, and ): Other Securities (at March 31, 2025) ($ in millions) Average Rating Automobile Collateralized Loan Obligations Student Loan Whole Business Securitizations Equipment Other Total % of Total AAA $ 3,497 $ 425 $ 49 $ 0 $ 1,079 $ 250 $ 5,300 74.2 % AA 0 38 1 0 30 0 69 1.0 A 3 0 0 0 135 404 542 7.6 BBB 0 0 0 1,154 0 39 1,193 16.7 grade/ : BB 0 0 0 0 0 35 35 0.5 Total fair value $ 3,500 $ 463 $ 50 $ 1,154 $ 1,244 $ 728 $ 7,139 100.0 % Increase (decrease) in value 0.3 % 0 % (4.8) % (2.6) % 0.3 % (1.0) % (0.3) % During the first quarter 2025, we selectively added securities to the OABS portfolio that we viewed as having attractive spreads and potential returns. The securities we acquired were predominantly in the automobile and equipment categories in highly rated, senior, and debt tranches. Additions were primarily made in new issue markets with some selective secondary purchases. 43 STATE AND LOCAL GOVERNMENT OBLIGATIONS The following table details the credit quality rating of our state and local government obligations (municipal securities) at March 31, 2025, without the benefit of credit or bond insurance: Municipal Securities (at March 31, 2025) (millions) Average Rating General Obligations Revenue Bonds Total AAA $ 634 $ 601 $ 1,235 AA 561 750 1,311 A 0 57 57 BBB 0 1 1 0 0 0 Total $ 1,195 $ 1,409 $ 2,604 Included in revenue bonds were $608 million of housing revenue bonds issued by state housing finance agencies, of which $282 million were supported by individual mortgages held by the state housing finance agencies and $326 million were supported by securities. Of the revenue bonds supported by individual mortgages held by the state housing finance agencies, the overall credit quality rating was AA+. Most of these mortgages were supported by the Federal Housing Administration, the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs, or private mortgage insurance providers. Of the revenue bonds supported by securities, 83% were collateralized by Ginnie Mae mortgages, which are fully guaranteed by the U.S. government; the remaining 17% were collateralized by Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac mortgages. Although credit spreads of municipal bonds widened, we still viewed most of the market as relatively unattractive. We selectively added to the municipal portfolio during the first quarter 2025, with a focus on securities with shorter maturities, which we viewed as having more favorable risk/reward profiles. CORPORATE AND OTHER DEBT SECURITIES The following table details the credit quality rating of our corporate and other debt securities at March 31, 2025: Corporate and Other Debt Securities (at March 31, 2025) (millions) Average Rating Consumer Industrial Communication Financial Services Technology Basic Materials Energy Total AAA $ 38 $ 0 $ 0 $ 154 $ 0 $ 0 $ 40 $ 232 AA 92 0 0 629 0 0 44 765 A 840 293 56 2,684 60 107 566 4,606 BBB 3,528 1,550 417 1,959 1,275 66 1,267 10,062 grade/ : BB 95 72 57 0 8 0 6 238 B 101 0 0 0 0 7 0 108 0 0 0 2 3 0 0 5 Total fair value $ 4,694 $ 1,915 $ 530 $ 5,428 $ 1,346 $ 180 $ 1,923 $ 16,016 The size of our corporate and other debt portfolio increased to $16.0 billion at March 31, 2025, from $14.0 billion at December 31, 2024. Credit spreads provided more reward for the risks during the quarter. At March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, corporate and other debt securities made up approximately 20% and 18%, respectively, of our portfolio. The duration of the corporate and other debt portfolio increased slightly to 2.7 years at March 31, 2025, from 2.6 years at December 31, 2024. 44 NONREDEEMABLE PREFERRED STOCKS The table below shows the exposure of our nonredeemable preferred stocks by sector and rating at March 31, 2025: Nonredeemable Preferred Stocks (at March 31, 2025) Financial Services (millions) Average Rating U.S. Banks Foreign Banks Insurance Other Financial Industrials Utilities Total BBB $ 312 $ 14 $ 63 $ 31 $ 0 $ 39 $ 459 grade/ : BB 65 0 0 0 0 0 65 0 0 23 22 15 0 60 Total fair value $ 377 $ 14 $ 86 $ 53 $ 15 $ 39 $ 584 The majority of our nonredeemable preferred securities have dividends until a call date and

[truncated]