BETA Close X Grafton Group plc announced that Chief Executive Officer Eric Born was granted 44,509 Grafton Shares on May 19, 2026, outside of a trading venue, as part of the Grafton Group plc 2021 Long Term Incentive Plan. This notification is an initial notification of a transaction by a person discharging managerial responsibilities. Disclaimer* Grafton Group PLC 20 May 2026 Notification of Transactions by Persons Discharging Managerial Responsibilities and Persons Closely Associated with them 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities/person closely associated a) Name Eric Born 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/status Chief Executive Officer b) Initial Notification Amendment Initial Notification 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name Grafton Group plc b) LEI 635400BE9SBAG61DJ963 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Identification code Grafton Shares ISIN IE00B00MZ448 b) Nature of the transaction Grant of an award pursuant to the rules of the Grafton Group plc 2021 Long Term Incentive Plan. c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) n/a 44,509 d) Aggregated information - Aggregated volume - Price n/a e) Date of the transaction 19 May 2026 f) Place of the transaction Outside a trading venue g) Additional Information n/a This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Grafton Group Ut (CDI) (GFTU) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 4 hours ago Greggs 4 hours ago Greggs 4 hours ago Fuller Smith & Turner 4 hours ago CLS Holdings 4 hours ago Rolls-Royce Holdings All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and