Disclaimer* Grafton Group PLC 08 October 2026 8 October 2026 Grafton Group plc Board Change: Chair Succession The Board of Grafton Group plc ("the Company"), the European multinational distributor of construction related products and solutions, announces that Mr. Ian Tyler has informed the Board that, due to other commitments, he intends to step down as Chair of the Company. The Board, led by Dr. Rosheen McGuckian, Senior Independent Director, has commenced a process to recruit a new Chair with the assistance of an external search firm. Further updates will be provided in due course. Ends For further information please contact: Investors Media Grafton Group plc +353 1 216 0600 Murray pwalsh@murraygroup.ie Eric Born Chief Executive Officer Pat Walsh +353 1 498 0300/+353 87 226 9345 David Arnold Chief Financial Officer Burson Buchanan Helen Tarbet Simon Compton Toto Berger GraftonGroup@buchanancomms.co.uk +44 (0) 7872 604 453 +44 (0) 7979 497 324 +44 (0) 7880 680 403 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Grafton Group Ut (CDI) (GFTU) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 32 minutes ago Old Mutual Limited NPV (DI) 59 minutes ago Delta Gold Technologies plc 1 hour ago Ten Lifestyle Group 1 hour ago IG Design Group 14 hours ago On The Beach Group All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Investor Meet Company Ltd Privacy and