BETA Close X Grafton Group plc has successfully completed the acquisition of Mercaluz, a Spanish distributor of air conditioning equipment and home appliances with approximately 10,500 customers in 2025. This strategic move, finalized on April 30, 2026, strengthens Grafton's presence in the growing Iberian HVAC market and aligns with its objective to build a substantial construction product distribution business in the region, following the earlier acquisition of Salvador Escoda. Disclaimer* Grafton Group PLC 01 May 2026 Completion of Acquisition of Mercaluz 1 May 2026 Grafton Group plc (" Grafton " or " the Group "), is pleased to announce that, further to its announcement on 19 March 2026, it completed the acquisition of Componentes Eléctricos Mercaluz, S.A., Mercaluz Hogar, S.L.U., EAS Electric Smart Technology, S.L.U. and Mercaluz Canarias, S.L.U. (together " Mercaluz ") on 30 April 2026. Mercaluz is a family-founded Spanish group that is predominantly a distributor of domestic and commercial air conditioning equipment and some white goods and home appliances to professional SME installers, with c.10,500 customers in 2025. This acquisition reinforces Grafton's position in the fast-growing Iberian HVAC market and and is a further step in the Group's ambition to build a significant business distributing construction related products and solutions in Iberia, following the acquisition of Salvador Escoda in October 2024. Commenting on the acquisition, Eric Born, CEO of Grafton Group plc said today: "We are very pleased to have completed the acquisition of Mercaluz. We look forward to working with the management team and colleagues to support the development and ongoing organic expansion of the Mercaluz brand in the fragmented Iberian marketplace". Ends For further information please contact: Investors Media Grafton Group plc +353 1 216 0600 Murray pwalsh@murraygroup.ie Eric Born Chief Executive Officer Pat Walsh +353 1 498 0300/+353 87 226 9345 David Arnold Chief Financial Officer Burson Buchanan Helen Tarbet Simon Compton Toto Berger GraftonGroup@buchanancomms.co.uk +44 (0) 7872 604 453 +44 (0) 7979 497 324 +44 (0) 7880 680 403 About Grafton Grafton Group plc is a European multinational distributor of construction related products and solutions comprising four geographic segments serving the Island of Ireland, Great Britain, Northern Europe and Iberia. In our Irish home market, we also operate the leading home improvement retailer. Trading from c. 470 branches with c.10,000 colleagues, the Group's portfolio of market leading, trusted brands includes: · Island of Ireland: Chadwicks Group, Woodie's and MacBlair · Great Britain: Selco, Leyland SDM, T.G. Lynes, CPI EuroMix and StairBox · Northern Europe: Isero / Polvo (Netherlands) and IKH (Finland) · Iberia: Salvador Escoda and now Mercaluz For further information visit www.graftonplc.com This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Grafton Group Ut (CDI) (GFTU) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 4 hours ago Greggs 4 hours ago Greggs 4 hours ago Fuller Smith & Turner 4 hours ago CLS Holdings 4 hours ago Rolls-Royce Holdings All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and