BETA Close X Grafton Group plc has announced a new share buyback programme commencing on 30 June 2026 and concluding no later than 31 October 2026, with a maximum aggregate consideration of £25.0m. The company has entered into non-discretionary arrangements with Goodbody Stockbrokers UC and Numis Securities Limited to repurchase ordinary shares on the London Stock Exchange for cancellation. This programme aims to reduce the company's share capital and is conducted within the limits of shareholder authority granted at the AGM on 15 May 2026, allowing for the repurchase of up to 10 per cent of the company's ordinary shares in issue. Disclaimer* Grafton Group PLC 30 June 2026 Grafton Group plc Share Buyback Programme Grafton Group plc (the " Group " or the " Company "), the European multinational distributor of construction related products and solutions, today announces its intention to introduce a new share buyback programme. The Company also announces today that it has entered into non-discretionary arrangements with Goodbody Stockbrokers UC (acting as agent) and Numis Securities Limited (acting as principal) to conduct a further share buyback programme and to buy back ordinary shares (the " Shares ") for a maximum aggregate consideration of up to £25.0m and to make trading decisions under the programme independently of the Company in accordance with certain pre-set parameters (the " Buyback "). The Buyback will commence today, 30 June 2026, and end no later than 31 October 2026 subject to market conditions. Under the terms of the Buyback, the Shares will be repurchased on the London Stock Exchange and cancelled. The purpose of the Programme is to reduce the share capital of the Company in line with this announcement. It will be conducted within the limits of the authority granted by shareholders at the Company's AGM held on 15 May 2026 (the " AGM ") to repurchase up to 10 per cent of the Company's ordinary shares in issue as at the date of the AGM (as reduced by any previous purchases of Shares pursuant to this authority) such that the maximum number of Shares which can be repurchased under the Buyback is 18,866,404. The Buyback will also be conducted within the parameters prescribed by the Market Abuse Regulation 596/2014 and the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1052 (also as in force in the UK, from time to time, including, where relevant, pursuant to the UK's European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 and the Market Abuse (Amendment) (EU Exit) Regulations 2019) as well as the applicable laws and regulations of the UK Financial Conduct Authority. The Company will make further announcements in due course following any buy back of Shares. There is no guarantee that the Buyback will be implemented in full or that any Shares will be bought back by the Company. For further information please contact: Investors Media Grafton Group plc +353 1 216 0600 Murrays +353 1 498 0300 Eric Born Chief Executive Officer Pat Walsh +353 (0) 87 226 9345 David Arnold Chief Financial Officer Buchanan Helen Tarbet Simon Compton Toto Berger GraftonGroup@buchanancomms.co.uk +44 (0) 7872 604 453 +44 (0) 7979 497 324 +44 (0) 7880 680 403 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Grafton Group Ut (CDI) (GFTU) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 hour ago Liontrust Asset Management 1 hour ago Bay Capital 1 hour ago IG Group Holdings 1 hour ago Diversified Energy Company 14 hours ago Greggs All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and