Form 8.1 - Kenmare Resources plc Apex FS ato Kenmare Resources EBT 18 June 2025 FORM 8.1(c) & (d)(i) (Dealing) IRISH TAKEOVER PANEL DEALING DISCLOSURE UNDER RULE 8.1(c) AND (d)(i) OF THE IRISH TAKEOVER PANEL ACT, 1997, TAKEOVER RULES, 2022 BY AN OFFEROR, OFFEREE OR PARTIES ACTING IN CONCERT WITH THEM IN RESPECT OF DEALINGS FOR THEMSELVES OR FOR DISCRETIONARY CLIENTS 1. KEY INFORMATION (a) Full name of discloser: Apex Financial Services (Trust Company) Limited as Trustee of Kenmare plc Employee Benefit Trust (b) Owner or controller of interests and short positions disclosed, if different from 1(a): The naming of nominee or vehicle companies is insufficient. For a trust, the trustee(s), settlor and beneficiaries must be named. N/A (c) Name of offeror/offeree in relation to whose relevant securities this form relates: Use a separate form for each offeror/offeree Kenmare Resources Plc (d) Status of person making the disclosure: e.g. offeror, offeree, person acting in concert with the offeror/offeree (specify name of offeror/offeree) Person acting in concert with the offeree (Kenmare Resources plc) (e) Date dealing undertaken: 13 June 2025 16 June 2025 18 June 2025 (f) In addition to the company in 1(c) above, is the discloser also making disclosures in respect of any other party to the offer? If it is a cash offer or possible cash offer, state "N/A" NO If YES, specify which: Ap14 2. INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS If there are positions to disclose in more than one class of relevant securities of the offeror or offeree named in 1(c), copy table 2 for each additional class of relevant security. Interests and short positions in the relevant securities of the offeror or offeree to which the disclosure relates following the dealing (Note 1) Class of relevant security: (Note 2) Interests Short positions Number % Number % (1) Relevant securities owned and/or controlled: 836,105 0.94% Nil - (2) Cash-settled derivatives: Nil - Nil - (3) Stock-settled derivatives (including options) and agreements to purchase/sell: Nil - Nil - Total: 836,105 0.94% Nil - All interests and all short positions should be disclosed. Details of options including rights to subscribe for new securities and any open stock-settled derivative positions (including traded options), or agreements to purchase or sell relevant securities, should be given on a Supplemental Form 8 . 3. DEALINGS BY THE PERSON MAKING THE DISCLOSURE (Note 3) Where there have been dealings in more than one class of relevant securities of the offeror or offeree named in 1(c), copy table 3(a), (b), (c) or (d) (as appropriate) for each additional class of relevant security dealt in. The currency of all prices and other monetary amounts should be stated. Ap15 (a) Purchases and sales (i) Offeree, offeror or person acting in concert (except for a principal trader in the same group as a financial or other professional adviser acting in relation to the offer for the offeree or the offeror) Class of relevant security Purchase/sale Number of securities Price per unit (Note 4) N/A N/A N/A N/A (ii) Principal trader where the sole reason for the connection is that the principal trader is in the same group as a financial or other professional adviser acting in relation to the offer for the offeree or the offeror Class of relevant security Purchases/ sales Total number of securities Highest price per unit paid/ received Lowest price per unit paid/ received N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A (b) Cash-settled derivative transactions Class of relevant security Product description e.g. CFD Nature of dealing e.g. opening/ closing a long/ short position, increasing/ reducing a long/ short position Number of reference securities (Note 5) Price per unit (Note 4) N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A Ap16 (c) Stock-settled derivative transactions (including options) (i) Writing, selling, purchasing or varying Class of relevant security Product description e.g. call option Writing, purchasing, selling, varying etc. Number of securities to which option relates (Note 5) Exercise price per unit Type e.g. American, European etc. Expiry date Option money paid/ received per unit N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A (ii) Exercise Class of relevant security Product description e.g. call option Exercising/ exercised against Number of securities Exercise price per unit (Note 4) N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A (d) Other dealings (including transactions in respect of new securities) Class of relevant security Nature of dealing e.g. subscription, conversion, exercise Details Price per unit (if applicable) (Note 4) Ordinary Shares Transfer of shares from EBT to satisfy exercise of share awards by beneficiaries 52,504 Nil 4. OTHER INFORMATION (a) Indemnity and other dealing arrangements Details of any indemnity or option arrangement, or any agreement or understanding, formal or informal, relating to relevant securities which may be an inducement to deal or refrain from dealing entered into by the party to the offer or person acting in concert making the disclosure and any other person: Irrevocable commitments and letters of intent should not be included. If there are no such agreements, arrangements or understandings, state "none" None Ap17 (b) Agreements, arrangements or understandings relating to options or derivatives Full details of any agreement, arrangement or understanding between the person disclosing and any other person relating to the voting rights of any relevant securities under any option referred to on this form or relating to the voting rights or future acquisition or disposal of any relevant securities to which any derivative referred to on this form is referenced. If none, this should be stated. None (c) Attachments Is a Supplemental Form 8 attached? NO Date of disclosure: 18 June 2025 Contact name: Suzanne Lafferty Telephone number: +44 20 4549 0841 Public disclosures under Rule 8.1 of the Rules must be made to a Regulatory Information Service. Ap18 NOTES ON FORM 8.1(c) and (d)(i) 1. See the definition of "interest in a relevant security" in Rule 2.5 of Part A of the Rules and see Rule 8.6(b) of Part B of the Rules. 2. See the definition of "relevant securities" in Rule 2.1 of Part A of the Rules. 3. See the definition of "dealing" in Rule 2.1 of Part A of the Rules. 4. If the economic exposure to changes in the price of securities is limited, for example, by virtue of a stop loss arrangement relating to a spread bet, full details must be given. 5. See Rule 2.5(d) of Part A of the Rules. 6. If details included in a disclosure under Rule 8 are incorrect, they should be corrected as soon as practicable in a subsequent disclosure. Such disclosure should state clearly that it corrects details disclosed previously, identify the disclosure or disclosures being corrected, and provide sufficient detail for the reader to understand the nature of the corrections. In the case of any doubt, the Panel should be consulted. For full details of disclosure requirements, see Rule 8 of the Rules. If in doubt, consult the Panel. References in these notes to "the Rules" are to the Irish Takeover Panel Act, 1997, Takeover Rules, 2022. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Kenmare Resources (CDI) (KMR) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 day ago Canal+ SA 1 day ago PayPoint 1 day ago Premier Miton Group 1 day ago Braemar 2 days ago Hill and Smith All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and