BETA Close X Kenmare Resources plc has issued a notice for its Annual General Meeting, scheduled for May 7, 2026, at 12:00 noon in Dublin, Ireland. The company, a significant global producer of titanium minerals and zircon from its Moma mine in Mozambique, has made the Notice of AGM and the 2025 Annual Report available on its website and will be posting these documents to shareholders. These documents will also be submitted to Euronext Dublin and the UK National Storage Mechanism for public inspection. Disclaimer* Notice of Annual General Meeting Kenmare Resources plc (“Kenmare” or “the Company” or “the Group”) 13 April 2026 Notice of Annual General Meeting Kenmare Resources plc (LSE:KMR, ISE:KMR), one of the leading global producers of titanium minerals and zircon, which operates the Moma Titanium Minerals Mine (the "Mine" or "Moma") in northern Mozambique, provides notice of its Annual General Meeting ("AGM"). Kenmare’s AGM will be held on 7 May 2026 at 12:00 noon at The Merrion Hotel, Upper Merrion Street, Dublin 2, Ireland. The Notice of AGM and form of proxy are available on the Company's website, in addition to the 2025 Annual Report, as previously announced, by clicking here . The Annual Report 2025 and Notice of AGM are today being posted to shareholders who have elected to receive them. Copies of the above documents will be submitted to Euronext Dublin and the UK National Storage Mechanism and will shortly be available for inspection at the following links: Euronext Dublin OAM Filing and at National Storage Mechanism For further information, please contact: Kenmare Resources plc Katharine Sutton / David Weeks Investor Relations ir@kenmareresources.com Tel: +353 1 671 0411 / +353 87 708 2525 Mob: +353 87 663 0875 Murray (PR advisor) Paul O’Kane pokane@murraygroup.ie Tel: +353 1 498 0300 Mob: +353 86 609 0221 About Kenmare Resources Kenmare Resources plc is one of the world's largest producers of titanium minerals. Listed on the London Stock Exchange and the Euronext Dublin, Kenmare operates the Moma Titanium Minerals Mine in Mozambique. Moma's production accounts for approximately 6% of global titanium feedstocks and the Company supplies to customers operating in more than 15 countries. Kenmare produces raw materials that are ultimately consumed in everyday quality-of life items such as paints, plastics, and ceramic tiles. AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Kenmare Resources (CDI) (KMR) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 day ago Canal+ SA 1 day ago PayPoint 1 day ago Premier Miton Group 1 day ago Braemar 2 days ago Hill and Smith All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and