Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement. On September 29, 2026, Diamondback Energy, Inc. (the “Company”) and SGF FANG Holdings, LP entered into the First Amendment (the “Amendment”) to the Stockholders Agreement, dated as of September 10, 2024 (as amended, supplemented or joined from time to time, the “Stockholders Agreement”). The Amendment provides, among other things, that the Stephens Majority (as defined in the Stockholders Agreement) is entitled to designate (x) two directors to the board of directors of the Company (the “Board”) if the Stephens Stockholders (as defined in the Stockholders Agreement), in the aggregate, beneficially own at least 10% but less than 25% of the Outstanding Shares (as defined in the Stockholders Agreement), and (y) no directors to the Board if the Stephens Stockholders beneficially own less than 10% of the Outstanding Shares. A copy of the Amendment is filed as Exhibit 10.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated by reference herein. The foregoing description of the Amendment does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to such Exhibit. Item 5.02 Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers. In connection with a Board Stepdown (as defined in the Stockholders Agreement), and not due to any disagreement with the Company on any matter relating to the Company’s operations, policies or practices, Darin Holderness and Lance Robertson resigned from the Board on September 29, 2026 and September 30, 2026, respectively. Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits. (d) Exhibits Exhibit Number Description 10.1* First Amendment to Stockholders Agreement, dated as of September 29, 2026, by and between Diamondback Energy, Inc. and SGF FANG Holdings, LP. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File—the cover page XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. * Certain information in this exhibit has been redacted pursuant to Item 601(a)(6) of Regulation S-K. SIGNATURE Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. DIAMONDBACK ENERGY, INC. Date: September 30, 2026 By: /s/ Teresa L. Dick Name: Teresa L. Dick Title: Executive Vice President of Accounting and Assistant Secretary