Charter Hall Long WALE REIT
Notice of 2026 Annual General Meeting of 
Securityholders and Explanatory Memorandum
For a Meeting to be held on Thursday,  
15 October 2026 at 12.00pm (AEDT)
Charter Hall WALE Limited (ACN 610 772 202)
For personal use only
Contents
Chair’s Letter	
4
Location of the Meeting	
5
Meeting Agenda 	
6
Meeting Protocol	
7
Notice of Meeting	
7
Explanatory Memorandum	
9
Glossary and Interpretation	
10
Corporate Directory	
11
This is an important document. 
Please read it carefully.
If you are unable to attend the Meeting,  
please complete the Proxy Form and return  
it in accordance with the instructions in this 
Notice of Meeting and in the Proxy Form.
Separate attachment
Proxy Form
Acknowledgement of Country
Charter Hall acknowledges the Traditional 
Custodians of the lands on which we work 
and gather. We pay our respects to Elders past and 
present and recognise their continued care and 
contribution to Country.
3 
Cover: Coles Distribution Centre, Perth WA  
Whadjuk land 
Above: Charter Hall managed asset 
NAIDOC Week at 130 Lonsdale Street, Melbourne VIC 
Wurundjeri and Bunurong land
Notice of 2026 Annual General Meeting of Securityholders and Explanatory Memorandum
Charter Hall Long WALE REIT
For personal use only
5 
Chair’s Letter
Location of the Meeting
Venue
The Meeting of the Securityholders of Charter Hall Long 
WALE REIT will be held at:
Charter Hall 
Level 20, No.1 Martin Place 
Sydney NSW
Commencing
12:00pm AEDT, Thursday 15 October 2026
Charter Hall Head Office
The office is conveniently situated in the middle of the 
Sydney CBD and within close proximity to ferry, light rail, 
bus and taxi facilities.
By Car
Self-parking is available through Secure Parking,  
at No.1 Martin Place, located below the Fullerton Hotel 
(enter via Pitt Street).
Alternatively self-parking is offered through Wilson 
Parking at 123 Pitt Street, Angel Place, Sydney. 
By Train
Martin Place and Wynyard Railway Stations are within 
walking distance of the office. The stations offer 
services on all intercity and suburban trains and are 
a five-minute train ride to Central Station – the main 
station for all train services in Sydney.
By Light Rail
The CBD and South East Light Rail travels both 
directions along George Street to either Central or 
Circular Quay with regular services running every four to 
eight minutes. The closest stop is between Martin Place 
and the entrance to Wynyard.
By Bus
Buses operate predominately along routes on Elizabeth 
Street, Castlereagh Street, Park Street, Druitt Street, 
Clarence Street and York Street.
By Metro
Martin Place Metro Station is within walking distance 
from the office.
No.1 Martin Place, Sydney NSW Gadigal land
18 September 2026
Dear Securityholder
Charter Hall Long WALE REIT - Annual General 
Meeting
The directors of Charter Hall Long WALE Limited, 
the responsible entity of Charter Hall Long 
WALE REIT (“CLW” or the “REIT”), are pleased 
to invite all Securityholders to the 2026 Annual 
General Meeting of the REIT. The purpose of the 
Meeting is for the REIT to provide a briefing on 
its operations for the 2026 financial year and to 
consider the matters set out in the enclosed Notice 
of Meeting and Explanatory Memorandum.
The Meeting will be held on Thursday,  
15 October 2026 at 12.00pm (AEDT) at  
Charter Hall Group, Level 20, No.1 Martin Place, 
Sydney NSW.
Please find enclosed the Notice of Meeting, Explanatory 
Memorandum, Proxy Form and business reply envelope.
If you are attending the Meeting in person, please 
bring the enclosed Proxy Form with you as the 
barcode will assist in the registration process. If you 
are unable to attend, please complete and return 
your Proxy Form no later than 12.00pm (AEDT) 
on Tuesday, 13 October 2026 in accordance with 
the instructions on the enclosed Proxy Form.
Should you wish to submit questions before the 
Meeting, Securityholders have the opportunity to do 
so and/or to address questions to me, as the Chair, 
and/or our external auditor, Ernst & Young (“EY”), prior 
to the Meeting. To do this, please log on to the MUFG 
Pension & Market Services (“the Registry”) website: 
https://au.investorcentre.mpms.mufg.com/Login. 
Once you have logged into your holding (you 
will need your SRN/HIN No. and postcode to log 
in), select Voting then click “Ask a Question”. 
Representatives from EY will be present at the Meeting 
to respond to the questions received and to any 
additional questions you may have. Please note that 
written questions for EY must be sent to and received 
by the Registry or the Responsible Entity no later 
than 5.00pm (AEDT) on Thursday, 8 October 2026 in 
accordance with the instructions on the website. 
If you require further information or have questions 
about voting, the Resolution or the upcoming Meeting, 
please contact the Registry on 1300 303 063 (within 
and outside Australia).
I look forward to your participation at the Meeting.
Yours faithfully
Glenn Fraser 
Independent Chair
Charter Hall WALE Limited as responsible entity of the 
Charter Hall Long WALE REIT
Notice of 2026 Annual General Meeting of Securityholders and Explanatory Memorandum
Charter Hall Long WALE REIT
For personal use only
7 
Meeting Agenda 
Thursday, 15 October 2026 
11.30am 
Registration begins
12.00pm
Meeting commences
	
–
	Chair’s welcome address
	
–
Diversified CEO and CLW 
Fund Manager’s address
	
–
	Items of business
1.00pm
Light refreshments served
The Meeting is an important 
event and we encourage 
Securityholders to actively 
participate. Important 
information about the conduct 
of the Meeting is set out on 
the right.
Notice of  
Meeting
Notice is hereby given by Charter Hall WALE Limited 
ACN 610 772 202 AFSL 486721 as responsible entity 
of Charter Hall Long WALE REIT (“CLW” or “REIT”) that 
an Annual General Meeting of Securityholders of CLW 
will be held at Level 20, No. 1 Martin Place, Sydney NSW 
at 12.00pm (AEDT) on Thursday, 15 October 2026. 
Registration shall commence at 11.30am on Thursday, 15 
October 2026.
Important Information:
1.	 The Resolution should be read in conjunction with 
the Explanatory Memorandum which follows.
2.	 Certain terms and abbreviations used below 
are defined in the Glossary at page 10 of this 
Notice of Meeting.
3.	 The Meeting will be held in accordance with 
the Corporations Act, the Listing Rules and the 
REIT’s Constitution. A copy of the REIT’s current 
Constitution can be found on the Charter Hall 
Group’s website (https://www.charterhall.com.au/
corp-governance/corporate-governance-long-wale-
reit).
The business of the Meeting is as follows:
Business:
Resolution 1 - Election of Independent Director
To consider, and if thought fit, pass the following 
advisory, non-binding resolution of the Securityholders:
“That Ms Belinda Robson be elected as a director of 
Charter Hall WALE Limited.”
Entitlement to Attend and Vote
The Directors have determined that the holding of each 
Securityholder for the purposes of ascertaining the 
voting entitlements for the Meeting will be as it appears 
in the Register at 7.00pm (AEDT) on Tuesday, 13 October 
2026.
Meeting  
Protocol
Discussion and asking questions
Discussion will take place on the business of the 
Meeting as set out below.
The Explanatory Memorandum provides further 
information relating to the item of business of 
the Meeting.
Securityholders will have the opportunity to ask 
questions at the Meeting, including questions of the 
Auditor.
To ensure that as many Securityholders as possible 
have the opportunity to speak, Securityholders are 
requested to observe the following guidelines:
	
–
	Please keep questions as brief as possible and 
relevant to the matters being discussed.
	
–
	If a Securityholder has more than one question, 
please ask all questions at the same time.
Securityholders who are unable to attend the 
Meeting are invited to submit questions electronically. 
Please log onto https://au.investorcentre.mpms.mufg.
com/Login, select “Voting” then click “Ask a Question”.
An opportunity for discussion will be provided on 
each item of business prior to Securityholders being 
asked to vote.
Webcast 
For those that may not be able to attend the Meeting, 
a live webcast (audio and presentation only) will be 
made available. 
To view the webcast enter
https://meetings.openbriefing.com/CLW26
An on-demand webcast will be made available after 
completion of the event and can be viewed at https://
www.charterhall.com.au/investor-centre/long-wale-
reit/results-publications#financial-results-briefings--
annual-meetings
Photography
Cameras and recording devices are not permitted 
at the Meeting.
Sonic Healthcare, Brisbane QLD Turrbal and Yuggera land
Notice of 2026 Annual General Meeting of Securityholders and Explanatory Memorandum
Charter Hall Long WALE REIT
For personal use only
9 
Explanatory Memorandum
Resolution 1 – Election of Independent Director
Pursuant to the Product Disclosure Statement 
(“PDS”) at the Initial Public Offering (“IPO”) of the 
REIT, the Directors of CHWALE have agreed to ask 
that the Securityholders ratify any re-appointment of 
independent directors of CHWALE, by a non-binding 
vote. This has been implemented since the REIT listed 
on a rolling basis with one independent director being 
considered for re-appointment every year.
Under CHWALE’s Constitution, only the Directors of 
CHWALE or CHWALE’s shareholder, the Charter Hall 
Group, may appoint a Director of CHWALE. While the 
Securityholders are being asked to vote in relation to 
the ratification of the appointment of Ms Robson as 
Director of CHWALE, Securityholders should note that 
these resolutions are advisory only and are non-binding 
on CHWALE, its shareholders or the Directors. The 
Directors do, however, intend to give due consideration 
to the results of this Resolution to determine the 
composition of the Board.
On 18 September 2026, Ms Robson was appointed as 
Independent Director and a member of the Audit, Risk 
and Compliance Committee.
Information about the background and experience of 
Ms Robson is set out below:
Election of Belinda Robson - 
Independent Director 
Belinda has more than 30 years’ experience in 
commercial property funds management. Prior to 
becoming a non-executive director, Belinda was an 
executive at Lendlease Investment Management and 
Fund Manager of the Australian Prime Property Fund 
Retail, where she was responsible for developing and 
implementing the fund’s strategy.
Belinda has held non-executive director roles across 
both listed and unlisted entities, including GPT Funds 
Management Limited and Region Group and is currently 
a Non-Executive Director of Goodman Group.
Belinda holds a Bachelor of Commerce (Honours) in 
Marketing from the University of New South Wales.
Board recommendation
The Directors (other than Ms Robson) recommend the 
ratification by Securityholders of the appointment of Ms 
Robson as a Director of CHWALE.
Notice of 2026 Annual General Meeting of Securityholders and Explanatory Memorandum
Charter Hall Long WALE REIT
Quorum
Under the Constitution, the required quorum for the 
Meeting is two (2) Securityholders present in person or 
by proxy.
Voting by Proxy
A Securityholder is entitled to appoint a proxy to attend 
and vote on behalf of the Securityholder at the Meeting. 
A proxy need not be a Securityholder of the REIT.
A Securityholder entitled to cast two or more votes at 
the Meeting may appoint two proxies and specify the 
proportion or number of votes each proxy is appointed 
to exercise. If the Securityholder appoints two proxies 
and does not specify the proportion or number of votes 
each proxy may exercise, then each proxy may exercise 
half of the votes.
A Proxy Form is enclosed with this Notice of Meeting. 
To be valid, Proxy Forms, and the authority under which 
any form appointing a proxy is signed or a certified copy 
of that authority (if any), must be received at the office 
of the Registry or at the registered office of CHWALE 
no later than 12.00pm (AEDT) on Tuesday, 13 October 
2026 in accordance with the instructions listed on the 
enclosed Proxy Form.
Please note that certified copies of authorities or 
powers of attorney cannot be received by facsimile and 
may only be received by mail or hand delivery.
The offices of MUFG Pension & Market Services are at 
Liberty Place, Level 41, 161 Castlereagh Street, Sydney 
NSW 2000.
It is preferred Securityholders lodge their Proxy Form 
online at https://au.investorcentre.mpms.mufg.com/
Login by entering their holding details as shown on the 
Proxy Form and postcode, then selecting ‘Voting’ and 
following the prompts to lodge their vote. To use the 
online lodgement facility, Securityholders will need their 
“Holder Identifier” (Securityholder Reference Number 
(SRN) or Holder Identification Number (HIN)).
If a Securityholder returns their Proxy Form but does 
not nominate a proxy, the Chair of the Meeting will 
be that Securityholder’s proxy and will vote on that 
Securityholder’s behalf as directed on the Proxy Form. 
If the Securityholder’s nominated proxy does not attend 
the Meeting, then that Securityholder’s proxy will revert 
to the Chair of the Meeting who may vote as he thinks 
fit in relation to any motion or resolution other than 
those (if any) in respect of which an indication of the 
manner of voting is given on that Securityholder’s Proxy 
Form.
Undirected Proxies
Where permitted by law, the Chair of the Meeting 
intends to vote undirected proxies in favour of the 
Resolution in the Notice of Meeting.
Voting by Attorney
A Securityholder may appoint an attorney to vote on 
their behalf. For an appointment to be effective for the 
Meeting, the instrument effecting the appointment (or 
a certified copy of it) must be received by the Registry 
using the contact details listed in the section headed 
“Voting by Proxy” no later than 12.00pm (AEDT) on 
Tuesday, 13 October 2026. Please note that certified 
copies of authorities or powers of attorney cannot be 
received by facsimile and may only be received by mail 
or hand delivery.
Corporate Representatives
A body corporate which is a Securityholder, or which 
has been appointed as a proxy, may appoint an 
individual to act as its representative at the Meeting. 
The appointment must comply with the requirements 
of section 253B of the Corporations Act. The 
representative should email evidence of his or her 
appointment, including any authority under which it 
is signed, unless it has previously been given to the 
Registry.
Voting at the Meeting
Voting on the Resolution at this Meeting will be 
conducted by poll.
By order of the Board 
Rebekah Hourigan 
Company Secretary
18 September 2026
For personal use only
11 
Corporate Directory 
Responsible Entity  
and Manager
Charter Hall Long WALE Limited 
ABN 20 610 772 202 
AFSL 486721
Registered office
Level 20, No.1 Martin Place  
Sydney NSW 2000
GPO Box 2704 
Sydney NSW 2001
Directors of the Responsible Entity
Glenn Fraser (Chair) 
Raymond Fazzolari 
Michael Gorman 
Ceinwen Kirk-Lennox 
Belinda Robson 
David Harrison  
Carmel Hourigan
Fund Manager
Avi Anger
Company Secretary
Mark Bryant / Rebekah Hourigan
Responsible Entity’s office 
Tel:	
1300 365 585 (within Australia) 
+61 2 8651 9000 (outside Australia) 
E-mail:	 reits@charterhall.com.au 
Web:	
charterhall.com.au/clw
ASX code: CLW
Auditor
Ernst & Young 
The EY Centre 
Level 34, 200 George Street  
Sydney NSW 2000
Registry
To access information on your holding or update/ 
change your details including name, address, tax 
file number, payment instructions and document 
requests, contact:
MUFG Pension & Market Services 
Locked Bag A14 Sydney South NSW 1235
Tel:	
1300 303 063 
E-mail: 	charterhall@cm.mpms.mufg.com 
Web:	
https://au.investorcentre.mpms.mufg.com/Login
Investor relations
All other enquiries related to Charter Hall Long WALE 
REIT can be directed to Investor Relations:
Charter Hall Long WALE REIT
GPO Box 2704 
Sydney NSW 2001 
Tel:	
1300 365 585 (within Australia) 
+61 2 8651 9000 (outside Australia) 
E-mail: 	reits@charterhall.com.au 
Web:	
charterhall.com.au/clw
Glossary and  
Interpretation
Glossary
ASX
ASX Limited or the market operated by it, as the context requires
Auditors or EY
Ernst & Young
Board
Board of Directors of CHWALE
Charter Hall Group
The stapled entity comprising Charter Hall Limited (ACN 113 531 150) and Charter Hall 
Property Trust (ARSN 113 339 147)
CHWALE or the 
Responsible Entity
Charter Hall WALE Limited (ABN 20 610 772 202)
Corporations Act
The Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) as amended from time to time
Directors
The Directors of the Responsible Entity
Explanatory 
Memorandum
The explanatory memorandum that accompanies this Notice of Meeting
Independent Directors
Glenn Fraser, Raymond Fazzolari, Michael Gorman, Ceinwen Kirk-Lennox and Belinda 
Robson
Listing Rules
The Listing Rules of ASX
Meeting or Annual 
General Meeting
The 2026 annual general meeting of Securityholders of the REIT to be held at 12.00pm 
(AEDT), Thursday, 15 October 2026
Notice of Meeting
This Notice of Meeting and any notice of any adjournment of the Meeting
Proxy Form
The proxy form enclosed with this Notice of Meeting
Register
The register of Securityholders as maintained by the Registry
Registry
MUFG Pension & Market Services
REIT
Charter Hall Long WALE REIT, comprising Charter Hall Direct Industrial Fund (ARSN 144 
613 641) and LWR Finance Trust (ARSN 614 713 138), listed on the ASX ticker code “CLW”
Resolution
The resolution included in this Notice of Meeting
Securityholder
Registered holder of a Stapled Security
Stapled Security
A stapled security in the REIT comprising an ordinary unit in each of the Stapled Trusts
Stapled Trusts
Charter Hall Direct Industrial Fund (ARSN 144 613 641)  
and LWR Finance Trust (ARSN 614 713 138)
Interpretation
The following rules apply unless the context requires otherwise: 
a.	 The singular includes the plural, and the converse also applies.
b.	 If a word or phrase is defined, its other grammatical forms have a corresponding meaning.
c.	 A reference to legislation or to a provision of legislation includes a modification or re-enactment of it,  
a legislative provision substituted for it and a regulation or statutory instrument issued under it.
Notice of 2026 Annual General Meeting of Securityholders and Explanatory Memorandum
Charter Hall Long WALE REIT
For personal use only
charterhall.com.au/clw
For personal use only
CLW PRX2601N
*CLW PRX2601N*
I/We being a member(s) of Charter Hall Long WALE REIT (“REIT”) and entitled to attend and vote hereby appoint:
PROXY FORM
STEP 1
or failing the person or body corporate named, or if no person or body corporate is named, the Chairman of the Meeting, as my/our proxy to 
act on my/our behalf (including to vote in accordance with the following directions or, if no directions have been given and to the extent 
permitted by the law, as the proxy sees fit) at the Annual General Meeting of the REIT to be held at 12:00pm (AEDT) on Thursday, 15 October 
2026 at Charter Hall Group, Level 20, No.1 Martin Place, Sydney NSW 2000 (the Meeting) and at any postponement or adjournment of 
the Meeting.
You can participate by attending in person or via the webcast at https://meetings.openbriefing.com/CLW26.
The Chairman of the Meeting intends to vote undirected proxies in favour of the resolution.
STEP 3
This form should be signed by the securityholder. If a joint holding, either securityholder may sign. If signed by the securityholder’s attorney, 
the power of attorney must have been previously noted by the Registry or a certified copy attached to this form. If executed by a company, 
the form must be executed in accordance with the company’s constitution and the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth).
Securityholder 1 (Individual)
Joint Securityholder 2 (Individual)
Joint Securityholder 3 (Individual)
Sole Director and Sole Company Secretary
Director/Company Secretary (Delete one)
Director
SIGNATURE OF SECURITYHOLDERS – THIS MUST BE COMPLETED
LODGE YOUR VOTE
ONLINE
https://au.investorcentre.mpms.mufg.com
BY MAIL
Charter Hall Long WALE REIT
C/- MUFG Corporate Markets (AU) Limited
Locked Bag A14
Sydney South NSW 1235 Australia
 
BY FAX
+61 2 9287 0309
BY HAND
MUFG Corporate Markets (AU) Limited 
Parramatta Square, Level 22, Tower 6,  
10 Darcy Street, Parramatta NSW 2150; or
Liberty Place, Level 41, 
61 Castlereagh Street, Sydney NSW 2000
ALL ENQUIRIES TO 
Telephone: 1300 303 063
Overseas: +61 1300 303 063
STEP 2
Proxies will only be valid and accepted by the REIT if they are signed and received no later than 48 hours before the Meeting.
Please read the voting instructions overleaf before marking any boxes with an T
* If you mark the Abstain box for a particular item, you are directing your proxy not to vote on your behalf on a poll and your votes will not be counted 
in computing the required majority on a poll.

1	 Election of Independent Director –  
Ms Belinda Robson
Resolution
For
Against Abstain*
VOTING DIRECTIONS
APPOINT A PROXY
the Chairman of the 
Meeting (mark box)
OR if you are NOT appointing the Chairman of the Meeting 
as your proxy, please write the name of the person or 
body corporate you are appointing as your proxy
Name
Charter Hall Long WALE REIT
For personal use only
HOW TO COMPLETE THIS SECURITYHOLDER PROXY FORM
YOUR NAME AND ADDRESS
This is your name and address as it appears on the REIT’s security register. 
If this information is incorrect, please make the correction on the form. 
Securityholders sponsored by a broker should advise their broker of any 
changes. Please note: you cannot change ownership of your 
securities using this form.
APPOINTMENT OF PROXY
If you wish to appoint the Chairman of the Meeting as your proxy, mark 
the box in Step 1. If you wish to appoint someone other than the Chairman 
of the Meeting as your proxy, please write the name of that individual or 
body corporate in Step 1. A proxy need not be a securityholder of the 
REIT.
DEFAULT TO CHAIRMAN OF THE MEETING
Any directed proxies that are not voted on a poll at the Meeting will default 
to the Chairman of the Meeting, who is required to vote those proxies as 
directed. Any undirected proxies that default to the Chairman of the 
Meeting will be voted according to the instructions set out in this Proxy 
Form.
VOTES ON ITEMS OF BUSINESS – PROXY APPOINTMENT
You may direct your proxy how to vote by placing a mark in one of the 
boxes opposite each item of business. All your securities will be voted in 
accordance with such a direction unless you indicate only a portion of 
voting rights are to be voted on any item by inserting the percentage or 
number of securities you wish to vote in the appropriate box or boxes. If 
you do not mark any of the boxes on the items of business, your proxy 
may vote as they choose. If you mark more than one box on an item your 
vote on that item will be invalid.
APPOINTMENT OF A SECOND PROXY
You are entitled to appoint up to two persons as proxies to attend the 
Meeting and vote on a poll. If you wish to appoint a second proxy, an 
additional Proxy Form may be obtained by telephoning the REIT’s security 
Registry or you may copy this form and return them both together.
To appoint a second proxy you must:
(a)	on each of the first Proxy Form and the second Proxy Form state the 
percentage of your voting rights or number of securities applicable to 
that form. If the appointments do not specify the percentage or number 
of votes that each proxy may exercise, each proxy may exercise half 
your votes. Fractions of votes will be disregarded; and
(b)	return both forms together.
SIGNING INSTRUCTIONS
You must sign this form as follows in the spaces provided:
Individual: where the holding is in one name, the holder must sign.
Joint Holding: where the holding is in more than one name, either 
securityholder may sign.
Power of Attorney: to sign under Power of Attorney, you must lodge the 
Power of Attorney with the Registry. If you have not previously lodged 
this document for notation, please attach a certified photocopy of the 
Power of Attorney to this form when you return it.
Companies: where the company has a Sole Director who is also the Sole 
Company Secretary, this form must be signed by that person. If the 
company (pursuant to section 204A of the Corporations Act 2001) does 
not have a Company Secretary, a Sole Director can also sign alone. 
Otherwise this form must be signed by a Director jointly with either another 
Director or a Company Secretary. Please indicate the office held by signing 
in the appropriate place.
CORPORATE REPRESENTATIVES
If a representative of the corporation is to attend the Meeting the 
appropriate “Certificate of Appointment of Corporate Representative” 
must be received at support@cm.mpms.mufg.com prior to admission 
in accordance with the Notice of Annual General Meeting. A form of 
the certificate may be obtained from the Company’s share registry 
or online at www.mpms.mufg.com/en/mufg-corporate-markets.
LODGEMENT OF A PROXY FORM
This Proxy Form (and any Power of Attorney under which it is signed) 
must be received at an address given below by 12:00pm (AEDT) on 
Tuesday, 13 October 2026, being not later than 48 hours before the 
commencement of the Meeting. Any Proxy Form received after that 
time will not be valid for the scheduled Meeting. 
Proxy Forms may be lodged using the reply paid envelope or:

ONLINE
https://au.investorcentre.mpms.mufg.com
Login to the Investor Centre using the holding details as shown 
on the Proxy Form. Select ‘Voting’ and follow the prompts to 
lodge your vote. To use the online lodgement facility, 
securityholders will need their “Holder Identifier” - 
Securityholder Reference Number (SRN) or Holder Identification 
Number (HIN).
BY MOBILE DEVICE
Our voting website is designed specifically 
for voting online. You can now lodge 
your proxy by scanning the QR code 
adjacent or enter the voting link 
https://au.investorcentre.mpms.mufg.
com into your mobile device. Log in using 
the Holder Identifier and postcode for your 
securityholding.
QR Code
To scan the code you will need a QR code reader application 
which can be downloaded for free on your mobile device.

BY MAIL
Charter Hall Long WALE REIT
C/- MUFG Corporate Markets (AU) Limited
Locked Bag A14
Sydney South NSW 1235
Australia

BY FAX 
+61 2 9287 0309

BY HAND
delivering it to MUFG Corporate Markets (AU) Limited* 
Parramatta Square
Level 22, Tower 6
10 Darcy Street
Parramatta NSW 2150 
or 
Liberty Place
Level 41
161 Castlereagh Street 
Sydney NSW 2000
*During business hours Monday to Friday (9:00am - 5:00pm)
For personal use only