Page 1 of 2
ASX Release 
CLW Board Changes 
18 September 2026 
Charter Hall WALE Limited 
ACN 610 772 202 
AFSL 486721 
Responsible Entity of Charter Hall 
Long WALE REIT
Level 20, No.1 Martin Place
Sydney NSW 2000
GPO Box 2704
Sydney NSW 2001
T +61 2 8651 9000
www.charterhall.com.au
Charter Hall Long WALE REIT (ASX: CLW) today announced the appointment of Ms Belinda Robson 
and Mr Michael Gorman as Independent Non-Executive Directors of the Responsible Entity for CLW, 
Charter Hall WALE Limited.  The appointments are effective today. 
Belinda has more than 30 years' experience in commercial property funds management. Prior to 
becoming a non-executive director, Belinda was an executive at Lendlease Investment Management 
and Fund Manager of the Australian Prime Property Fund Retail, where she was responsible for 
developing and implementing the fund's strategy. 
Belinda has held non-executive director roles across both listed and unlisted entities, including GPT 
Funds Management Limited and Region Group, and is currently a Non-Executive Director of Goodman 
Group.   
Belinda holds a Bachelor of Commerce (Honours) in Marketing from the University of New South 
Wales. 
Michael brings over three decades of experience in real estate and the public equity and debt markets.  
In his executive career, Michael held senior positions at Novion Property Group, and its predecessor 
organisations, including Deputy Chief Executive Officer, Chief Investment Officer and Fund Manager.  
Michael is a Non-Executive Director of Adelaide Airport Limited and was previously a Non-Executive 
Director of GPT Funds Management Limited, the responsible entity for the GPT wholesale unlisted 
funds platform.  Michael is currently a Non-Executive Director of Charter Retail Management Limited, 
the responsible entity for Charter Hall Retail REIT (CQR) but intends to retire from that position at the 
upcoming CQR annual meeting of unitholders.  
Michael completed the Advanced Management Programme at INSEAD, France, holds an MBA from 
the Australian Graduate School of Management, UNSW, a Bachelor of Science (Architecture) from 
UNSW and a Bachelor of Architecture (First Class Honours and University Medal) from UNSW. 
Michael is a Fellow of the Australian Institute of Company Directors, a Fellow of the Australian Property 
Institute, and a Fellow of the Royal Society of Arts.  
Having joined the Board in 2016 prior to CLW’s IPO, Chair Glenn Fraser has announced his intention 
to retire as a director at the conclusion of CLW’s annual unitholder meeting in October.  It has been 
determined that Michael Gorman will succeed Glenn as Chair at that time. 
CLW Chair, Glenn Fraser, said: "Belinda and Michael are welcome additions to the Board. Their 
significant property funds management experience across sectors will further strengthen the Board's 
capabilities as it continues to execute CLW's strategy and create sustainable value for its 
For personal use only
Page 2 of 2
 
securityholders. As I step down as Chair, I am confident that the Board remains well positioned to 
deliver on this objective." 
Announcement authorised by the Board of CHWALE 
Charter Hall Long WALE REIT (ASX: CLW) 
Charter Hall Long WALE REIT is an Australian Real Estate Investment Trust (REIT) listed on the ASX and investing in high 
quality Australasian real estate assets that are predominantly leased to corporate and government tenants on long term leases. 
Charter Hall Long WALE REIT is managed by Charter Hall Group (ASX: CHC). Charter Hall is Australia’s leading fully integrated 
diversified property investment and funds management group.  We use our expertise to access, deploy, manage and invest 
equity to create value and generate superior returns for our investor customers. We’ve curated a diverse portfolio of high-quality 
properties across our core sectors – Office, Industrial & Logistics, Retail and Social Infrastructure. With partnerships and financial 
discipline at the heart of our approach, we create and invest in places that support our customers, people and communities to 
grow. 
For further enquiries, please contact 
Avi Anger 
Diversified CEO 
Charter Hall Long WALE REIT 
T +61 411 222 879 
avi.anger@charterhall.com.au 
For further enquiries, please contact 
Erin Kent 
Head of Diversified Finance  
Charter Hall 
T +61 418 984 781 
erin.kent@charterhall.com.au  
For investor enquiries, please contact 
Nick Kelly 
Head of Listed Investor Relations 
Charter Hall 
T +61 488 767 936 
nick.kelly@charterhall.com.au 
For media enquiries, please contact 
Enza Capurso 
Head of Brand, Communications & Group Marketing 
Charter Hall 
T + 61 423 778 545   
enza.capurso@charterhall.com.au 
 
 
 
For personal use only