Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 3 Explanation and Reconciliation of Financial Measures 20 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 23 Business 25 Risk Factors 33 Cybersecurity 41 Properties 42 Legal Proceedings 42 Market for Registrant's Common Equity 43 Reports 45 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 49 Directors, Executive Officers , and Corporate Governance 83 Exhibits 84 Form 10-K Cross Reference Index 89 Signatures 90 Cardinal Health | Fiscal 2025 Form 10-K 1 Introduction Introduction References to Cardinal Health and Fiscal Years As used in this report, "we," "our," "us," "Cardinal Health," and similar pronouns refer to Cardinal Health, Inc. and its and consolidated subsidiaries, unless the context requires otherwise. Our fiscal year ends on June 30. References to fiscal 2026, 2025, 2024, 2023, 2022, and 2021 are to the fiscal years ended June 30, 2026, 2025, 2024, 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. Except as otherwise specified, information in this report is provided as of June 30, 2025. Financial Measures In this report, we use financial measures that are derived from consolidated financial data but are not presented in our financial statements that are prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (“GAAP”). These measures are considered “ financial measures” under the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) rules. The reasons we use these financial measures, and the reconciliations to their most directly comparable GAAP financial measures, are included in the “Explanation and Reconciliation of Financial Measures” section following MD&A in this report. Management's Discussion and Analysis ("MD&A") of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Our MD&A within this Form 10-K generally discusses fiscal 2025 and fiscal 2024 items and comparisons between fiscal 2025 and fiscal 2024. Fiscal 2023 items and discussions of comparisons between fiscal 2024 and fiscal 2023 that are not included in this Form 10-K can be found in Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2024 (the "Fiscal 2024 Form 10-K"). Important Information Regarding Statements This report (including information incorporated by reference) includes statements addressing expectations, prospects, estimates, and other matters that are dependent upon future events or developments. Many statements appear in MD&A and Risk Factors, but there are others throughout this report, which may be identified by words such as “expect,” “anticipate,” “intend,” “plan,” “believe,” “will,” “should,” “could,” “would,” “project,” “continue,” “likely,” and similar expressions, and include statements reflecting future results or guidance, statements of outlook, and expense accruals. These matters are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected, anticipated, or implied. The most significant of these risks and uncertainties are described in “Risk Factors” in this report and in Exhibit 99.1 to the Form 10-K included in this report. statements in this report speak only as of the date of this document. Except to the extent required by applicable law, we undertake no obligation to update or revise any statement. Available Information Our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports are available free of charge on our website (www.cardinalhealth.com), under the “Investor Relations — Financials — SEC Filings” caption, as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file them with, or furnish them to, the SEC. Information contained on or accessible via our website is not part of or otherwise incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The SEC also maintains a website (www.sec.gov) where you can search for annual, quarterly and current reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding us and other public companies. 2 Cardinal Health | Fiscal 2025 Form 10-K Introduction Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations About Cardinal Health Cardinal Health, Inc., an Ohio corporation formed in 1979, is a global healthcare services and products company providing customized solutions for hospitals, healthcare systems, pharmacies, ambulatory surgery centers, clinical laboratories, physician offices, and patients in the home. We provide pharmaceuticals and medical products and services and solutions that enhance the healthcare system and supply chain efficiency. We connect patients, providers, payers, pharmacists, and manufacturers for integrated care coordination. We report our financial results in two reportable segments: Pharmaceutical and Specialty Solutions ("Pharma") segment and Global Medical Products and Distribution ("GMPD") segment. All remaining operating segments that are not significant enough to require separate reportable segment disclosures are included in Other, which is comprised of Nuclear and Precision Health Solutions, Solutions, and OptiFreight ® Logistics. Pharmaceutical and Specialty Solutions Segment Our Pharma segment distributes branded and generic pharmaceutical, specialty pharmaceutical, and healthcare and consumer products in the United States. This segment also provides services to pharmaceutical manufacturers and healthcare providers for specialty pharmaceutical products; provides pharmacy management services to hospitals and operates a limited number of pharmacies, including pharmacies in community health centers; repackages generic pharmaceuticals and over the counter healthcare products; and includes our managed services organization platforms for specialty physician offices. Global Medical Products and Distribution Segment Our GMPD segment manufactures, sources, and distributes Cardinal Health brand medical, surgical, and laboratory products, which are sold in the United States, Canada, Europe, Asia, and other markets. This segment also distributes a broad range of medical, surgical, and laboratory products known as national brand products to hospitals, ambulatory surgery centers, clinical laboratories, and other healthcare providers in the United States and Canada. Other Operating Segments Our Nuclear and Precision Health Solutions operating segment operates nuclear pharmacies and manufacturing facilities, which manufacture, prepare, and deliver radiopharmaceuticals for use in nuclear imaging, theranostics, and other procedures in hospitals and physician offices. This segment also contract manufactures a radiopharmaceutical treatment (Xofigo ® ) and holds the North American rights to manufacture and distribute Lymphoseek ® , a radiopharmaceutical diagnostic imaging agent. Our Solutions operating segment has two main businesses: Edgepark, including ADS, directly providing medical supplies to patients with chronic conditions in the home; and , a distribution service that delivers medical supplies and products to home medical equipment providers, home health and hospice agencies, and e-commerce providers. Our OptiFreight ® Logistics operating segment supports the shipping and logistics needs of healthcare providers by optimizing direct shipments through integrated technology solutions. This segment serves hospitals, pharmacies, labs, and surgery centers. 3 Cardinal Health | Fiscal 2025 Form 10-K MD&A Overview Consolidated Results Fiscal 2025 Overview Revenue Revenue decreased 2 percent to $222.6 billion for fiscal 2025 from the prior year, primarily due to the expiration of the Pharma segment OptumRx contracts, partially offset by branded and specialty pharmaceutical sales growth from existing and new customers. GAAP and Operating Earnings (in millions) 2025 2024 Change GAAP operating earnings $ 2,275 $ 1,243 83 % Shareholder cooperation agreement costs — 1 Restructuring and employee severance 88 175 Amortization and other acquisition-related costs 464 284 Acquisition-related cash and compensation costs 126 — Impairments and (gain)/loss on disposal of assets, net 18 634 Litigation (recoveries)/charges, net (185) 78 operating earnings $ 2,786 $ 2,414 15 % The sum of the components and certain computations may reflect rounding adjustments. During fiscal 2025, GAAP operating earnings increased 83% to $2.3 billion and operating earnings increased 15% to $2.8 billion from the prior year. The increases in both GAAP and operating earnings were driven by the increased contribution from branded and specialty pharmaceutical products and the acquisitions of MSO platforms and ADS, partially offset by the expiration of the OptumRx contracts. The increase to GAAP operating earnings was primarily driven by the favorable comparison to the prior year, which included goodwill impairment charges of $675 million related to the GMPD segment. The increase to GAAP operating earnings was also favorably impacted by net recoveries in class action antitrust litigation in which we were a class member or plaintiff, for which we recognized $171 million during fiscal 2025. In fiscal 2025, GAAP operating earnings included $161 million of transaction and integration costs associated with acquisitions. 4 Cardinal Health | Fiscal 2025 Form 10-K MD&A Overview GAAP and Diluted EPS ($ per share) 2025 (2) 2024 (2) Change GAAP diluted EPS (1) $ 6.45 $ 3.45 87 % Restructuring and employee severance 0.28 0.54 Amortization and other acquisition-related costs 1.49 0.85 Acquisition-related cash and compensation costs 0.51 — Impairments and (gain)/loss on disposal of assets, net (3) 0.05 2.38 Litigation (recoveries)/charges, net (0.54) 0.30 diluted EPS (1) $ 8.24 $ 7.53 9 % The sum of the components and certain computations may reflect rounding adjustments. (1) Diluted earnings per share attributable to Cardinal Health, Inc. ("diluted EPS"). (2) The reconciling items are presented within this table net of tax. See quantification of tax effect of each reconciling item in our GAAP to Reconciliations in the section titled "Explanation and Reconciliation of Financial Measures." (3) For fiscal 2024, impairments and (gain)/loss on disposals of assets, net included goodwill impairment charges of $675 million related to the GMPD segment. This had an adverse impact of $(2.50) per share to GAAP diluted EPS. During fiscal 2025, GAAP and diluted EPS increased 87 percent to $6.45 and 9 percent to $8.24, respectively, from the prior year due to the factors impacting operating earnings discussed in the preceding section, partially offset by increased interest expense. Cash and Equivalents Our cash and equivalents balance was $3.9 billion at June 30, 2025 compared to $5.1 billion at June 30, 2024. During fiscal 2025, net cash provided by operating activities was $2.4 billion, which includes the impact of unwinding the negative net working capital associated with the expiration of our OptumRx contracts and the normal timing of payments to vendors, partially offset by the benefit of onboarding new customers. Cash provided by operating activities also includes the impact of payments totaling $798 million related to opioid litigation. During fiscal 2025, we deployed $5.3 billion for acquisitions, $765 million for share repurchases, $400 million for debt repayment, $547 million for capital expenditures, and $494 million for dividends. In addition, we issued new debt and received net proceeds of $2.9 billion to fund a portion of the consideration paid for acquisitions and for general purposes. Another portion of the consideration paid for the acquisitions came from an $800 million term loan. Cardinal Health | Fiscal 2025 Form 10-K 5 MD&A Overview Significant Developments in Fiscal 2025 and Trends Acquisitions Advanced Diabetes Supply Group ("ADS") On April 1, 2025, we completed the acquisition of ADS, a diabetic medical supplies provider to patients in the home, for a purchase price of $1.1 billion in cash, subject to certain adjustments. ADS serves approximately 500,000 patients annually providing diabetes therapies from leading manufacturers. ADS is part of our Solutions operating segment and its results are reported in Other. The Specialty Alliance On January 30, 2025, we completed the acquisition of a 73 percent ownership interest in GI Alliance ("GIA"), a management services organization ("MSO") primarily serving gastroenterologists, for a purchase price of approximately $2.8 billion in cash, subject to certain adjustments. Beginning on the third anniversary of the closing, we have the ability to exercise a call right to purchase up to 100 percent of the remaining outstanding equity. GIA's MSO provides services to over 900 physicians across 345 practice locations in 20 states. Additionally, on May 30, 2025, we, through GIA, completed the acquisition of Urology America, a urology management services organization, for a purchase price of $360 million in cash, subject to certain adjustments. In connection with this transaction, we issued common units in GIA to certain physicians and management. See Note 1 of the “Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements” for further information on the GIA compensation plans. In recognition of the expansion into new practice areas, in June 2025, we announced that these businesses would be called The Specialty Alliance. We consolidate the results of The Specialty Alliance in our consolidated financial statements and report those consolidated results within our Pharma segment. We financed the acquisitions of GIA, Urology America, and ADS with a combination of cash on hand and cash proceeds from the new debt financing as described in Note 7 of the "Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements". Integrated Oncology Network ("ION") On December 2, 2024, we completed the acquisition of ION, a independent community oncology network, for a purchase price of $1.1 billion in cash, subject to certain adjustments. ION is a management services organization that supports more than 50 practice sites in 10 states representing more than 100 providers. ION supports a continuum of care across its member sites including medical oncology, radiation oncology, urology, and other ancillary services. As part of the transaction, ION has been integrated into Navista, our managed services organization intended to enhance efficiency for providers and patients, enable additional capabilities, and increase practice profitability of independent community oncologists. We report ION results within our Pharma segment. We funded the acquisition with available cash on hand. These acquisitions have positively impacted their respective segment revenue and segment profit while increasing amortization and acquisition-related costs and acquisition-related cash and compensation costs during fiscal 2025. Those impacts are expected to continue in fiscal 2026 and beyond. See Note 2 of the "Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements" for additional information on these acquisitions. Tariffs Recent U.S. tariffs imposed or threatened to be imposed on goods, materials, and products from countries where we do business and any retaliatory or responsive actions taken by such countries could result in us incurring substantial additional costs to source materials, directly and indirectly, from affected countries, and may require us to raise prices on certain products and seek alternative sources of supply. It is also possible that we could experience supply disruptions or shortages as a result of tariffs or other protective measures. We have taken action to reduce the potential impact of tariffs on our costs; however, at this time, the countries which will be subject to tariffs and the tariff rate that may be imposed on each country is uncertain and dynamic and we do not expect to be able to establish alternative sources of supply or otherwise mitigate the potential impact of tariffs on all of the products that we source, manufacture, or distribute. If we are not able to offset the impact of tariffs through price increases or otherwise mitigate the impacts, our financial results could be negatively impacted. Additionally, if tariffs are modified in the future, or our preliminary information is incorrect regarding their impact, we may not be able to respond to such changes appropriately or in a timely manner and our financial results could be negatively impacted. Furthermore, if our competitors do not increase prices, or increase prices to a lesser extent than we do, or are able to offset the impact of tariffs through other actions, our competitive and financial position may be adversely affected. 6 Cardinal Health | Fiscal 2025 Form 10-K MD&A Overview Pharmaceutical and Specialty Solutions Segment OptumRx Contracts In April 2024, we announced that our pharmaceutical distribution contracts with OptumRx would expire at the end of June 2024. Sales to OptumRx generated 17 percent of our consolidated revenue in fiscal 2024. The expiration of the OptumRx contracts and unwinding of the negative net working capital associated with the contracts adversely impacted our results of operations, including segment profit, financial condition, and cash flows, during fiscal 2025. Branded Pharmaceuticals During fiscal 2025 and 2024, we saw increased demand for pharmaceuticals and our sales increased significantly, despite periodic supply shortages. These increased sales positively impacted our Pharma segment and consolidated revenue for the fiscal 2025 and 2024; however, increased sales did not meaningfully contribute to segment profit. Future demand and reimbursement for these medications is unpredictable and our ability to meet demand may be impacted by supply constraints. Additionally, the recently issued Executive Order titled “Delivering Nation Prescription Drug Pricing to American Patients” may impact sales or profitability of branded pharmaceutical products, including products; however, the extent of the impact is uncertain and may vary depending on the timeline for implementation and the extent of any price reductions. Generics Program During fiscal 2025, the performance of our Pharma segment generics program positively impacted the comparison of Pharma segment profit, excluding the impact of the OptumRx contracts expiration. The Pharma segment generics program includes, among other things, the impact of generic pharmaceutical product launches, customer volumes, pricing changes, the Red Oak Sourcing, LLC venture ("Red Oak Sourcing") with CVS Health Corporation ("CVS Health"), and generic pharmaceutical contract manufacturing and sourcing costs. The frequency, timing, magnitude, and profit impact of generic pharmaceutical customer volumes, pricing changes, customer contract renewals, generic pharmaceutical manufacturer pricing changes, and generic pharmaceutical contract manufacturing and sourcing costs all impact Pharma segment profit and are subject to risks and uncertainties. BioPharma Solutions The performance of BioPharma Solutions positively impacted the comparison of Pharma segment profit during fiscal 2025. BioPharma Solutions consists of services to biopharmaceutical manufacturers and healthcare providers including, among other things, Specialty Networks, logistics ("3PL"), group purchasing organizations ("GPOs"), our Sonexus patient access and support programs, regulatory and clinical consulting, and real world data and evidence. The frequency, timing, magnitude, and profit impact of customer demand, new product launches, and our ongoing investments are subject to risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties may impact Pharma segment profit and consolidated operating earnings during fiscal 2026 and beyond. Management Service Organization Platforms The performance of our MSO platforms positively impacted the comparison of Pharma segment profit during fiscal 2025 due to the acquisitions of GIA and ION. Our ability to successfully provide physician practice support and management services, and to receive the value we expect to receive from our recent acquisition of MSO platforms, depends upon a number of factors, including: the ability to develop or acquire and integrate appropriate practice management and support expertise; the ability to support recruitment, integration, and retention of sufficient numbers of local providers and staff; the ability to successfully support negotiations with vendors, suppliers, and payors; the reimbursement environment; and competition from other healthcare organizations. Global Medical Products and Distribution Segment Volumes Cardinal Health brand medical products sales grew during fiscal 2025 and we expect further growth in fiscal 2026 and beyond. The timing, magnitude, and profit impact of this anticipated sales growth is subject to risks and uncertainties, including the signing of new customers or the expiration of customer contracts, and it is possible that sales volume may differ from our expectations and impact GMPD segment profit to a greater or lesser extent than we currently expect. Cardinal Health | Fiscal 2025 Form 10-K 7 MD&A Results of Operations Results of Operations Revenue Revenue (in millions) 2025 2024 Change Pharmaceutical and Specialty Solutions $ 204,644 $ 210,019 (3) % Global Medical Products and Distribution 12,636 12,381 2 % Other 5,382 4,512 19 % Total segment revenue 222,662 226,912 (2) % Corporate (1) (84) (85) N.M. Total revenue $ 222,578 $ 226,827 (2) % (1) Corporate revenue consists of the elimination of revenue and other revenue not allocated to the segments. Pharmaceutical and Specialty Solutions Pharma segment revenue for fiscal 2025 decreased 3 percent to $204.6 billion from the prior year, primarily due to the expiration of the OptumRx contracts, partially offset by branded and specialty pharmaceutical sales growth from existing and new customers. Global Medical Products and Distribution GMPD segment revenue for fiscal 2025 increased 2 percent to $12.6 billion from the prior year, primarily due to higher volumes from existing customers. Other Other segment revenue for fiscal 2025 increased 19 percent to $5.4 billion from the prior year due to growth across Solutions, Nuclear and Precision Health Solutions, and OptiFreight ® Logistics. 8 Cardinal Health | Fiscal 2025 Form 10-K MD&A Results of Operations Cost of Products Sold Cost of products sold for fiscal 2025 decreased 2 percent to $214.4 billion from the prior year, primarily due to the factors affecting the changes in revenue and gross margin. Gross Margin Gross Margin (in millions) 2025 2024 Change Gross margin $ 8,168 $ 7,414 10 % Gross margin for fiscal 2025 increased 10 percent to $8.2 billion from the prior year, primarily due to the acquisitions of MSO platforms and ADS, increased contribution from branded and specialty pharmaceutical products, and BioPharma Solutions, partially offset by the expiration of the OptumRx contracts. Gross margin rate for fiscal 2025 grew 40 basis points from the prior year, primarily due to favorable changes in overall product and customer mix, primarily related to branded and specialty pharmaceutical products and the expiration of the OptumRx contracts, and MSO platforms acquisitions. Distribution, Selling, General, and Administrative ("SG&A") Expenses SG&A Expenses (in millions) 2025 2024 Change SG&A expenses $ 5,382 $ 5,000 8 % SG&A expenses for fiscal 2025 increased 8 percent to $5.4 billion from the prior year, primarily due to the acquisitions of MSO platforms and ADS, higher costs to support sales growth for existing customers, and higher health and welfare costs, partially offset by the beneficial impact of cost savings measures. Cardinal Health | Fiscal 2025 Form 10-K 9 MD&A Results of Operations Segment Profit We evaluate segment performance based on segment profit, among other measures. See Note 14 of the "Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements" for additional information on segment profit. Segment Profit and Operating Earnings (in millions) 2025 2024 Change Pharmaceutical and Specialty Solutions $ 2,258 $ 2,015 12 % Global Medical Products and Distribution 135 92 47 % Other 516 423 22 % Total segment profit 2,909 2,530 15 % Corporate (634) (1,287) N.M. Total consolidated operating earnings $ 2,275 $ 1,243 83 % Pharmaceutical and Specialty Solutions Pharma segment profit for fiscal 2025 increased 12 percent to $2.3 billion from the prior year, primarily due to increased contribution from branded and specialty pharmaceutical products, BioPharma Solutions, and MSO platforms acquisitions, partially offset by the expiration of the OptumRx contracts. Global Medical Products and Distribution GMPD segment profit for fiscal 2025 increased 47 percent to $135 million from the prior year, primarily due to volume growth from existing customers. This increase also reflects the beneficial impact of cost optimization initiatives, mostly offset by higher manufacturing costs. Other Other segment profit for fiscal 2025 increased 22 percent to $516 million from the prior year, primarily due to the performance of Solutions, which includes the acquisition of ADS, and OptiFreight ® Logistics. Corporate The changes in Corporate during fiscal 2025 are due to the factors discussed in the "Other Components of Consolidated Operating Earnings" section that follows. 10 Cardinal Health | Fiscal 2025 Form 10-K MD&A Results of Operations Other Components of Consolidated Operating Earnings In addition to revenue, gross margin, and SG&A expenses discussed previously, consolidated operating earnings were impacted by the following: (in millions) 2025 2024 Restructuring and employee severance $ 88 $ 175 Amortization and other acquisition-related costs 464 284 Acquisition-related cash and compensation costs 126 — Impairments and (gain)/loss on disposal of assets, net 18 634 Litigation (recoveries)/charges, net (185) 78 Restructuring and Employee Severance Restructuring and employee severance costs in fiscal 2025 and 2024 were primarily related to certain initiatives to rationalize our manufacturing operations and the implementation of certain measures. In fiscal 2024, restructuring costs were higher primarily due to certain projects resulting from the reviews of our strategy, portfolio, framework, and operations. Amortization and Other Acquisition-Related Costs Amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets was $303 million and $264 million for fiscal 2025 and 2024, respectively. Transaction and integration costs associated with acquisitions were $161 million and $20 million for fiscal 2025 and 2024, respectively. Acquisition-related Cash and Compensation Costs Acquisition-related cash and compensation costs were $126 million for fiscal 2025, primarily resulting from the acquisition of GIA. Impairments and (Gain)/Loss on Disposal of Assets, Net During fiscal 2024, we recognized $675 million of goodwill impairment charges related to our GMPD segment, as discussed further in the "Critical Accounting Policies and Sensitive Accounting Estimates" section of this MD&A and Note 5 of the "Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements." Litigation (Recoveries)/Charges, Net During fiscal 2025, we recognized income of $171 million for net recoveries in class action lawsuits in which we were a class member or plaintiff. We also recognized $13 million in insurance recoveries. During fiscal 2024, we recognized expense of $340 million in connection with matters, including agreements to settle claims brought by classes of payors and acute care hospitals, the case brought by the City of Baltimore, and a settlement with the State of Alabama. This expense was partially offset by a benefit of $105 million related to certain prepayments and $34 million in insurance recoveries. We also recognized income of $117 million for net recoveries in class action lawsuits in which we were a class member or plaintiff. See Note 8 of the "Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements" for additional information. Cardinal Health | Fiscal 2025 Form 10-K 11 MD&A Results of Operations Other Components of Earnings Before Income Taxes In addition to the items discussed above, earnings before income taxes was impacted by the following: Earnings Before Income Taxes (in millions) 2025 2024 Change Other (income)/expense, net $ (41) $ (9) N.M. Interest expense, net 215 51 N.M. Interest Expense, Net Interest expense, net for fiscal 2025 increased to $215 million from the prior year, primarily due to the new debt financing and decreased interest income from cash and equivalents. See Note 7 of the "Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements" for additional information on the new debt financing. Provision for Income Taxes A reconciliation of the provision based on the federal statutory income tax rate to our effective income tax rate from continuing operations is as follows (see Note 9 of the "Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements" for additional information): 2025 2024 Provision at Federal statutory rate 21.0 % 21.0 % State and local income taxes, net of federal benefit 4.0 3.1 Tax effect of foreign operations 0.2 (1.6) Nondeductible/nontaxable items 0.7 (0.1) Withholding Taxes 0.3 1.0 Change in Valuation Allowances 0.1 (1.1) US Taxes on International Income (1) (1.3) (2.1) Impact of Resolutions with IRS and other related matters (0.1) 0.4 Opioid litigation 0.2 1.0 Goodwill Impairment — 8.7 Specialty Alliance Compensation 1.4 — Other (1.2) (1.4) Effective income tax rate 25.3 % 28.9 % (1) Includes the tax impact of the Intangible Income ("FDII") deduction offset by Global Intangible Income ("GILTI") tax, and other foreign income that is taxable under the U.S. tax code. During fiscal 2025 and 2024, the effective tax rate was 25.3 percent and 28.9 percent, respectively. Included in the effective tax rate for fiscal 2025 were share based compensation costs for The Specialty Alliance and transaction costs. Included in the effective tax rate for fiscal 2024 was $58 million of benefit related to goodwill impairment charges related to our GMPD segment. Ongoing Audits We file income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction, various U.S. state jurisdictions and various foreign jurisdictions. With few exceptions, we are subject to audit by taxing authorities for fiscal 2015 through the current fiscal year. Tax laws are complex and subject to varying interpretations. New challenges related to future audits may adversely affect our effective tax rate or tax payments. 12 Cardinal Health | Fiscal 2025 Form 10-K MD&A Liquidity and Capital Resources Liquidity and Capital Resources We currently believe that, based on available capital resources and projected operating cash flow, we have adequate capital resources to fund our operations and expected future cash needs as described below. If we decide to engage in one or more acquisitions, depending on the size and timing of such transactions, we may need to access capital markets for additional financing. Cash and Equivalents Our cash and equivalents balance was $3.9 billion at June 30, 2025 compared to $5.1 billion at June 30, 2024. During fiscal 2025, net cash provided by operating activities was $2.4 billion, which includes the impact of unwinding the negative net working capital associated with the OptumRx contracts and the normal timing of payments to vendors, partially offset by the benefit of onboarding new customers. Cash provided by operating activities also includes the impact of payments totaling $798 million related to the opioid litigation. During fiscal 2025, we deployed $5.3 billion for acquisitions, $765 million for share repurchases, $400 million for debt repayment, $547 million for capital expenditures, and $494 million for dividends. In addition, we issued new debt and received net proceeds of $2.9 billion to fund a portion of the consideration paid for acquisitions and for general purposes. Another portion of the consideration paid for the acquisitions came from an $800 million term loan. At June 30, 2025, our cash and equivalents were held in cash depository accounts with major banks or invested in high quality, liquid investments. During fiscal 2024, net cash provided by operating activities was $3.8 billion, which includes the impact of our annual payment of $378 million and prepayments of $239 million primarily related to the National Opioid Settlement Agreement (the "NOSA"). During fiscal 2024, we deployed $750 million for share repurchases, $783 million for debt repayments, $511 million for capital expenditures, and $499 million for dividends. In addition, we issued additional debt and received net proceeds of $1.14 billion, of which $200 million is invested in time deposits with initial effective maturities of more than three months and classified as prepaid expenses and other in our consolidated balance sheet as of June 30, 2024. Changes in working capital, which impact operating cash flow, can vary significantly depending on factors such as the timing of customer payments, inventory purchases, payments to vendors, and tax payments in the regular course of business, as well as fluctuating working capital needs driven by customer and product mix. In fiscal 2025, the unwinding of the negative net working capital associated with the OptumRx contract negatively impacted operating cash flow. In fiscal 2025, we returned $393 million of cash held by foreign subsidiaries to the United States. The cash and equivalents balance at June 30, 2025 includes $436 million of cash and equivalents held by subsidiaries outside of the United States. At June 30, 2025, foreign earnings of approximately $1.0 billion are considered indefinitely reinvested for working capital and other offshore investment needs. The computation of tax required if those earnings are repatriated is not practicable. For amounts not considered indefinitely reinvested, we have recorded an immaterial amount of income tax expense in our consolidated financial statements in fiscal 2025. Other Financing Arrangements and Financial Instruments Credit Facilities and Commercial Paper In addition to cash and equivalents and operating cash flow, other sources of liquidity at June 30, 2025 include a $3.0 billion commercial paper program, backed by a $2.0 billion revolving credit facility that expires in February 2028, and a $1.0 billion 364-Day revolving credit facility that expires in October 2025. We also have a $1.0 billion committed receivables sales facility through September 2025. At June 30, 2025, we had no amounts outstanding under our commercial paper program, revolving credit facilities, or our committed receivables sales facility. During fiscal 2025, under our commercial paper program and our committed receivables program, we had maximum combined total daily amounts outstanding of $633 million. On December 5, 2024, we entered into a term loan credit agreement that, among other things, provides commitments for a term loan facility in an aggregate amount of up to $1.0 billion. On April 1, 2025, we closed on our acquisition of ADS and borrowed $800 million under this term loan facility. The loan provided under this term loan credit agreement will mature in April 2028 and allows for prepayment, which may be accelerated pursuant to certain conditions specified in the credit agreement. Interest rates on borrowings will be based on prevailing interest rates, benchmarked based on Term SOFR and subject to our credit ratings. In February 2023, we extended our revolving credit facility through February 25, 2028. In September 2022, we renewed our committed receivables sales facility program through Cardinal Health Funding, LLC ("CHF") through September 30, 2025. In Cardinal Health | Fiscal 2025 Form 10-K 13 MD&A Liquidity and Capital Resources September 2023, Cardinal Health 23 Funding, LLC was added as a seller under our committed receivables sales facility. Our revolving credit and committed receivables sales facilities require us to maintain a consolidated net leverage ratio of no more than 3.75- . As of June 30, 2025, we were in compliance with this financial covenant. Debt and Other Borrowings At June 30, 2025, we had total obligations, including the current portion and other borrowings, of $8.5 billion. In November 2024, we issued additional debt with the aggregate principal amount of $2.9 billion to fund a portion of the consideration payable in connection with the GIA and ADS acquisitions, and for general purposes. The notes issued are $500 million aggregate principal amount of 4.7% Notes that mature on November 15, 2026, $750 million aggregate principal amount of 5.0% Notes that mature on November 15, 2029, $1.0 billion aggregate principal amount of 5.35% Notes that mature on November 15, 2034, and $650 million aggregate principal amount of 5.75% Notes that mature on November 15, 2054. The proceeds of the notes issued, net of discounts, premiums, and debt issuance costs, were $2.9 billion. We also obtained a commitment letter on November 11, 2024 from a financial institution for a $2.9 billion unsecured bridge term loan facility that could have been used to complete the acquisition of GIA. We incurred fees related to the facility, which are included in interest expense, net. The unsecured bridge term loan facility was never entered into and we terminated the commitment letter on November 22, 2024. During fiscal 2025, we repaid the full principal of $400 million of the 3.5% Notes due 2024 at maturity with proceeds from the debt issuance in fiscal 2024, $200 million of which were invested in time deposits and classified as prepaid expenses and other in our consolidated balance sheets at June 30, 2024. All time deposits related to the debt issuance in fiscal 2024 have matured. Capital Deployment Opioid Litigation Settlement Agreement We have $4.9 billion accrued at June 30, 2025 related to certain national opioid litigation settlements, as further described within Note 8 of the "Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements." We expect the majority of the remaining payment amounts to occur through 2038. During fiscal 2025, we made payments totaling $798 million, which included our fourth annual payment under the agreement to settle the vast majority of the opioid lawsuits filed by states and local governmental entities and payments related to the settlement agreements with the City of Baltimore and classes of payors and acute care hospitals. In July 2025, we made our fifth annual payment of $366 million under the NOSA. The amounts of future annual payments under the NOSA may differ from the payments that we have already made. Capital Expenditures Capital expenditures during fiscal 2025 and 2024 were $547 million and $511 million, respectively. We expect capital expenditures in fiscal 2026 to be approximately $600 million and primarily related to manufacturing and distribution infrastructure projects and technology investments. Dividends During fiscal 2025, we paid quarterly dividends totaling $2.02 per share, an increase of 1 percent from fiscal 2024. On May 5, 2025, our Board of Directors approved a quarterly dividend of $0.5107 per share, or $2.04 per share on an annualized basis, which was paid on July 15, 2025, to shareholders of record on July 1, 2025. Share Repurchases During both fiscal 2025 and 2024, we deployed $750 million for repurchases of our common shares in the aggregate under accelerated share repurchase ("ASR") programs. We funded the ASR programs with available cash. See Note 12 of the "Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements" for additional information. During fiscal 2025, we paid $15 million for excise taxes related to the completion of prior ASR programs. As of June 30, 2025, we had $2.7 billion remaining under our existing share repurchase authorization. Acquisitions During fiscal 2025, we deployed $5.3 billion for acquisitions. See Note 2 of the "Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements" for additional information on these acquisitions. 14 Cardinal Health | Fiscal 2025 Form 10-K MD&A Other Contractual Obligations and Cash Requirements At June 30, 2025, our contractual obligations and future cash requirements, including estimated payments due by period, were as follows: (in millions) 2026 2027 to 2028 2029 to 2030 Total debt and borrowings (1) $ 501 $ 2,627 $ 1,390 $ 3,796 $ 8,314 Interest on debt 416 678 480 2,458 4,032 Finance lease obligations (2) 52 80 44 57 233 Operating lease obligations (3) 197 320 208 199 924 Purchase obligations and other payments (4) 602 514 308 86 1,510 Opioid litigation settlement agreements (5) 628 523 769 2,909 4,829 Total contractual obligations and cash requirements (6) $ 2,396 $ 4,742 $ 3,199 $ 9,505 $ 19,842 (1) Represents maturities of our debt obligations and other borrowings excluding finance lease obligations described below. See Note 7 of the “Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements” for further information. (2) Represents minimum finance lease obligations included within current portion of obligations and other borrowings and obligations, less current portion in our consolidated balance sheets and further described in Note 6 of the “Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.” (3) Represents minimum operating lease obligations included within other accrued liabilities and deferred income taxes and other liabilities in our consolidated balance sheets and further described in Note 6 of the “Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.” (4) A purchase obligation is defined as an agreement to purchase goods or services that is legally enforceable and specifies all significant terms, including fixed or minimum quantities to be purchased; fixed, minimum, or variable price provisions; and approximate timing of the transaction. The purchase obligation amounts disclosed above represent estimates of the minimum for which we are obligated and the time period in which cash outflows will occur. Purchase orders and authorizations to purchase that involve no firm commitment from either party are excluded from the above table. In addition, contracts that can be unilaterally canceled with no termination fee or with proper notice are excluded from our total purchase obligations except for the amount of the termination fee or the minimum amount of goods that must be purchased during the requisite notice period. Purchase obligations and other payments also includes quarterly payments to CVS Health in connection with Red Oak Sourcing. See Note 8 of the “Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements” for additional information. (5) Represents future cash obligations under the NOSA as well as future cash obligations under separate settlement agreements. See Note 8 of the “Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements” for additional information. (6) liabilities, such as unrecognized tax benefits, deferred taxes, and other tax liabilities, have been excluded from the above table due to the inherent uncertainty of the underlying tax positions or because of the inability to reasonably estimate the timing of any cash outflows. See Note 9 of the "Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements" for further discussion of income taxes. Recent Financial Accounting Standards See Note 1 of the “Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements” for further information. Cardinal Health | Fiscal 2025 Form 10-K 15 MD&A Critical Accounting Policies and Sensitive Accounting Estimates Critical Accounting Policies and Sensitive Accounting Estimates Critical accounting policies are those accounting policies that (i) can have a significant impact on our financial condition and results of operations and (ii) require the use of complex and subjective estimates based upon past experience and management’s judgment. Other people applying reasonable judgment to the same facts and circumstances could develop different estimates. Because estimates are inherently uncertain, actual results may differ. In this section, we describe the significant policies applied in preparing our consolidated financial statements that management believes are the most dependent on estimates and assumptions. Allowance for Doubtful Accounts The allowance for doubtful accounts includes general and specific reserves. We determine our allowance for doubtful accounts by reviewing accounts receivable aging, historical trends, payment history, pricing discrepancies, industry trends, customer financial strength, customer credit ratings, or bankruptcies. We regularly evaluate how changes in economic conditions may affect credit risks. A hypothetical 0.1 percent increase or decrease in the reserve as a percentage of trade receivables at June 30, 2025, would result in an increase or decrease in operating earnings of $13 million. We believe the reserve maintained and expenses recorded in fiscal 2025 are appropriate. At this time, we are not aware of any analytical findings or customer issues that are likely to lead to a significant future increase in the allowance for doubtful accounts as a percentage of revenue. The following table presents information regarding our allowance for doubtful accounts over the past three fiscal years. (in millions, except percentages) 2025 2024 2023 Allowance for doubtful accounts at beginning of period $ 233 $ 240 $ 207 Charged to costs and expenses 89 108 165 Reduction to allowance for customer deductions and (109) (115) (132) Allowance for doubtful accounts at end of period $ 213 $ 233 $ 240 Allowance as a percentage of customer receivables 1.6 % 1.9 % 2.2 % Allowance as a percentage of revenue 0.10 % 0.10 % 0.12 % Inventories LIFO Inventory A portion of our inventories (52 percent and 50 percent at June 30, 2025 and 2024, respectively) are valued at the lower of cost, using the , ("LIFO") method, or market. These are primarily merchandise inventories at the core pharmaceutical distribution facilities within our Pharma segment (“distribution facilities”). The LIFO impact on the consolidated statements of earnings depends on pharmaceutical manufacturer price appreciation or deflation and our fiscal inventory levels, which can be meaningfully influenced by customer buying behavior immediately preceding our fiscal . Historically, prices for branded pharmaceuticals have generally tended to rise, resulting in an increase in cost of products sold, whereas prices for generic pharmaceuticals generally tend to decline, resulting in a decrease in cost of products sold. Using LIFO, if there is a decrease in inventory levels that have experienced pharmaceutical price appreciation, the result generally will be a decrease in future cost of products sold as our older inventory is held at a lower cost. Conversely, if there is a decrease in inventory levels that have experienced a pharmaceutical price decline, the result generally will be an increase in future cost of products sold as our older inventory is held at a higher cost. We believe that the average cost method of inventory valuation provides a reasonable approximation of the current cost of replacing inventory within these distribution facilities. As such, the LIFO reserve is the difference between (a) inventory at the lower of LIFO cost or market and (b) inventory at replacement cost determined using the average cost method of inventory valuation. At June 30, 2025 and 2024, respectively, inventories valued at LIFO cost were significantly in excess of the average cost value. We do not record inventories in excess of replacement cost. As such, we did not the value of our inventory from average cost to LIFO cost at June 30, 2025 or 2024. FIFO Inventory Our remaining inventory, including inventory in our GMPD segment and certain inventory in our Pharma segment, that is not valued at the lower of LIFO cost or market is stated at the lower of cost, using the , ("FIFO") method, or net realizable value. We reserve for the lower of cost or net realizable value using the estimated selling prices and estimated sales demand in the ordinary course of business, less reasonably predictable costs of completion, disposal, and transportation. Our estimates for selling prices and demand are inherently uncertain and if our assumptions decline in the future, additional inventory reserves may be required. 16 Cardinal Health | Fiscal 2025 Form 10-K MD&A Critical Accounting Policies and Sensitive Accounting Estimates Excess and Obsolete Inventory We reserve for inventory obsolescence using estimates based on historical experience, historical and projected sales trends, specific categories of inventory, age and expiration dates of inventory, and manufacturer return policies. Inventories presented in the consolidated balance sheets are net of reserves for excess and obsolete inventory which were $132 million and $149 million at June 30, 2025 and 2024, respectively. If actual conditions are less favorable than our assumptions, additional inventory reserves may be required. Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets Purchased goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite lives are tested for impairment annually or when indicators of impairment exist. Goodwill impairment testing involves a comparison of the estimated fair value of reporting units to the respective carrying amount, which may be performed utilizing either a qualitative or quantitative assessment. Qualitative factors are first assessed to determine if it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. There is an option to bypass the qualitative assessment for any reporting unit in any period and proceed directly to performing the quantitative goodwill impairment test. We have elected to bypass the qualitative assessment for the annual goodwill impairment test in the current year. The quantitative goodwill impairment test involves a comparison of the estimated fair value of the reporting unit to the respective carrying amount. A reporting unit is defined as an operating segment or one level below an operating segment (also known as a component). As of June 30, 2025, our reporting units are: Pharma (excluding Navista & ION and GIA), Navista & ION, GIA, GMPD, Nuclear and Precision Health Solutions, OptiFreight ® Logistics, Solutions, and ADS. We anticipate Solutions and ADS will be combined as a single reporting unit as the businesses are integrated in the future. Goodwill impairment testing involves judgment, including the identification of reporting units, qualitative evaluation of events and circumstances to determine if it is more likely than not that an impairment exists, and, if necessary, the estimation of the fair value of the applicable reporting unit. Estimating the fair value of reporting units requires the use of estimates and significant judgments that are based on a number of factors including actual operating results. The use of alternate estimates and assumptions, changes in the industry or peer groups, or changes in weightings assigned to the discounted cash flow method, guideline public company method, or guideline transaction method could materially affect the determination of fair value for each reporting unit and potentially result in goodwill impairment. If a reporting unit fails to achieve expected earnings or operating cash flow, or otherwise fails to meet current financial plans, or if there were changes to any other key assumptions used in the tests, the reporting unit could incur a goodwill impairment in a future period. We performed annual impairment testing in fiscal 2025, 2024, and 2023 for our reporting units, which included Navista & ION in fiscal 2025. Due to the recent timing of the acquisitions, GIA and ADS were not included in our annual impairment testing in fiscal 2025 as no indicators of impairment were present. During fiscal 2024 and 2023, we recognized goodwill impairment charges related to GMPD of $675 million and $1.2 billion, respectively, which were included in impairments and (gain)/loss on disposal of assets, net in our consolidated statements of earnings. GMPD had no goodwill balance remaining as of March 31, 2024. We concluded that there were no impairments of goodwill for the remaining reporting units, excluding GMPD, in fiscal 2025, 2024, and 2023, as the estimated fair value of each reporting unit exceeded its carrying amount. Other intangibles The impairment test for intangibles other than goodwill (primarily trademarks) involves first assessing qualitative factors to determine if it is more likely than not that the fair value of the intangible asset is less than its carrying amount. If so, then a quantitative test is performed to compare the estimated fair value of the intangible asset to the respective asset's carrying amount. Our qualitative evaluation requires the use of estimates and significant judgments and considers the weight of evidence and significance of all identified events and circumstances and most relevant drivers of fair value, both positive and negative, in determining whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of the intangible asset is less than its carrying amount. See Note 1 of "Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements" for additional information regarding goodwill and other intangible assets. Cardinal Health | Fiscal 2025 Form 10-K 17 MD&A Critical Accounting Policies and Sensitive Accounting Estimates Loss Contingencies and We regularly review contingencies and accruals to determine whether our accruals and related disclosures are adequate. Any adjustments for changes in reserves are recorded in the period in which the change in estimate occurs. Loss Contingencies We accrue for contingencies related to disputes, litigation, and regulatory matters if it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. Because these matters are inherently unpredictable and unfavorable developments or outcomes can occur, assessing contingencies is highly subjective and requires judgments about future events. In connection with the opioid litigation as described further in Note 8 of the “Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements," during fiscal 2024, we reached agreements to settle claims brought by classes of payors and acute care hospitals, and the City of Baltimore. We develop and periodically update reserve estimates for inferior vena cava ("IVC") claims received to date and expected to be received in the future and related costs. In April 2023, we executed a settlement agreement that, if certain conditions are satisfied, will resolve approximately 4,375 IVC filter product liability claims for $275 million. These settlements will not resolve all IVC filter product liability claims and we intend to continue to vigorously defend ourselves in the remaining lawsuits. To project future IVC claim costs, we use a methodology based largely on recent experience, including claim filing rates, blended average payout influenced by claim severity, historical sales data, implant and injury to report lag patterns, and estimated defense costs. At June 30, 2025, we have a total of $56 million accrued for losses and legal defense costs, related to the IVC filter product liability lawsuits in our consolidated balance sheets, which includes the $49 million in the qualified settlement fund. We through a insurance subsidiary for employee healthcare, certain product liability matters, auto liability, property and workers' compensation, and maintain insurance for losses exceeding certain limits. accruals include an estimate for expected settlements on pending claims, defense costs, administrative fees, claims adjustment costs, and an estimate for claims incurred but not reported. For certain types of exposures, we develop the estimate of expected ultimate costs to settle each claim based on specific information related to each claim if available. Other estimates are based on an assessment of outstanding claims, historical analysis, and current payment trends. For claims incurred but not reported, the liabilities are calculated and derived in accordance with generally accepted actuarial practices or using an estimated lag period. The amount of loss may differ materially from these estimates. See Note 8 of the “Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements” for additional information regarding loss contingencies and product liability lawsuits. Provision for Income Taxes We account for income taxes using the asset and liability method. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates in the respective jurisdictions in which we operate. Our income tax expense, deferred income tax assets and liabilities, and unrecognized tax benefits reflect management’s assessment of estimated future taxes to be paid on items in the consolidated financial statements. The following table presents information about our tax position at June 30: (in millions) 2025 2024 Total deferred income tax assets (1) $ 1,230 $ 1,491 Valuation allowance for deferred income tax assets (2) (254) (300) Net deferred income tax assets 976 1,191 Total deferred income tax liabilities (3,276) (3,163) Net deferred income tax liability $ (2,300) $ (1,972) (1) Total deferred income tax assets included $386 million and $512 million of loss and tax credit carryforwards at June 30, 2025 and 2024, respectively. (2) The valuation allowance primarily relates to federal, state, and international loss and credit carryforwards for which the ultimate realization of future benefits is uncertain. Expiring or unusable loss and credit carryforwards and the required valuation allowances are adjusted quarterly when it is more likely than not that at least a portion of the respective deferred tax assets will not be realized. After applying the valuation allowances, we do not anticipate any limitations on our use of any of the other net deferred income tax assets described previously. 18 Cardinal Health | Fiscal 2025 Form 10-K MD&A Critical Accounting Policies and Sensitive Accounting Estimates Tax benefits from uncertain tax positions are recognized when it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained upon examination of the technical merits of the position, including resolutions of any related appeals or litigation. The amount recognized is measured as the largest amount of tax benefit that is greater than 50 percent likely of being realized upon settlement. For tax benefits that do not qualify for recognition, we recognize a liability for unrecognized tax benefits. We operate in a complex multinational tax environment and are subject to tax treaty arrangements and transfer pricing guidelines for intercompany transactions that are subject to interpretation. Uncertainty in a tax position may arise as tax laws are subject to interpretation. Tax Effects of Goodwill Impairment Charges During fiscal 2024 and 2023, we recognized cumulative goodwill impairment charges of $675 million and $1.2 billion, respectively, related to the GMPD segment. The net tax benefits related to these charges were $58 million and $92 million, respectively. We file income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction, various U.S. state jurisdictions, and various foreign jurisdictions. With few exceptions, we are subject to audit by taxing authorities for fiscal years 2015 through the current fiscal year. Tax laws are complex and subject to varying interpretations. New challenges related to future audits may adversely affect our effective tax rate or tax payments. Our assumptions and estimates around uncertain tax positions require significant judgment; the actual amount of tax benefit related to uncertain tax positions may differ from these estimates. See Note 9 of the “Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements” for additional information regarding unrecognized tax benefits. We believe that our estimates for the valuation allowances against deferred tax assets and unrecognized tax benefits are appropriate based on current facts and circumstances. The amount we ultimately pay when matters are resolved may differ from the amounts accrued. Changes in our current estimates due to unanticipated market conditions, tax law changes, or other factors could have a material effect on our ability to utilize deferred tax assets. For a further discussion on Provision for Income Taxes, see Note 9 of the “Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements.” New Tax Legislation On July 4, 2025, the One Big Beautiful Bill Act ("OBBBA") was signed into law, which includes a broad range of tax reform provisions. The OBBBA includes changes to existing tax law, including extending or making permanent certain business and international tax measures initially established under the 2017 Tax Cuts and Jobs Act ("Tax Act"). We are in the process of evaluating the impact of the OBBBA on our consolidated financial statements and will reflect any impact in the period of enactment. Cardinal Health | Fiscal 2025 Form 10-K 19 Explanation and Reconciliation of Financial Measures Explanation and Reconciliation of Financial Measures This report, including the "Fiscal 2025 Overview" section within MD&A, contains financial measures that are not calculated in accordance with GAAP. In addition to analyzing our business based on financial information prepared in accordance with GAAP, we use these financial measures internally to evaluate our performance, engage in financial and operational planning, and determine incentive compensation because we believe that these measures provide additional perspective on and, in some circumstances are more closely correlated to, the performance of our underlying, ongoing business. We provide these financial measures to investors as supplemental metrics to assist readers in assessing the effects of items and events on our financial and operating results on a basis and in comparing our performance to that of our competitors. However, the financial measures that we use may be calculated differently from, and therefore may not be comparable to, similarly titled measures used by other companies. The financial measures disclosed by us should not be considered a substitute for, or superior to, financial measures calculated in accordance with GAAP, and the financial results calculated in accordance with GAAP and reconciliations to those financial statements set forth below should be carefully evaluated. Exclusions from Financial Measures Management believes it is useful to exclude the following items from the measures presented in this report for its own and for investors’ assessment of the business for the reasons identified below: • LIFO charges and credits are excluded because the factors that drive ("LIFO") inventory charges or credits, such as pharmaceutical manufacturer price appreciation or deflation and inventory levels (which can be meaningfully influenced by customer buying behavior immediately preceding our fiscal ), are largely out of our control and cannot be accurately predicted. The exclusion of LIFO charges and credits from metrics facilitates comparison of our current financial results to our historical financial results and to our peer group companies’ financial results. We did not recognize any LIFO charges or credits during the periods presented. • State opioid assessments related to prior fiscal years is the portion of state assessments for prescription opioid medications that were sold or distributed in periods prior to the period in which the expense is incurred. This portion is excluded from financial measures because it is retrospectively applied to sales in prior fiscal years and inclusion would obscure analysis of the current fiscal year results of our underlying, ongoing business. Additionally, while states' laws may require us to make payments on an ongoing basis, the portion of the assessment related to sales in prior periods are contemplated to be , nonrecurring items. Income from state opioid assessments related to prior fiscal years represents reversals of accruals due to changes in estimates or when the underlying assessments were invalidated by a Court or reimbursed by manufacturers. • Shareholder cooperation agreement costs includes costs such as legal, consulting, and other expenses incurred in relation to the agreement (the "Cooperation Agreement") entered into among Elliott Associates, L.P., Elliott International, L.P. (together, "Elliott"), and Cardinal Health. These include costs incurred to negotiate and finalize the Cooperation Agreement and costs incurred by the Business Review Committee of the Board of Directors, formed under this Cooperation Agreement, tasked with undertaking a comprehensive review of our strategy, portfolio, capital allocation framework, and operations. We have excluded these costs from our metrics because they do not occur in or reflect the ordinary course of our ongoing business operations and may obscure analysis of trends and financial performance. The Cooperation Agreement expired in the second quarter of fiscal 2025. • Restructuring and employee severance costs are excluded because they are not part of the ongoing operations of our underlying business and include, but are not limited to, costs related to divestitures, closing and consolidating facilities, changing the way we manufacture or distribute our products, moving manufacturing of a product to another location, changes in production or business process outsourcing or insourcing, employee severance, and realigning operations. • Amortization and other acquisition-related costs , which include transaction costs, integration costs, and changes in the fair value of contingent consideration obligations, are excluded because they are not part of the ongoing operations of our underlying business and to facilitate comparison of our current financial results to our historical financial results and to our peer group companies' financial results. Additionally, costs for amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets and amortization as a result of basis differences in equity method investments are amounts, which are variable in amount and frequency and are significantly impacted by the timing and size of acquisitions, so their exclusion facilitates comparison of historical, current, and forecasted financial results. We also exclude other acquisition-related costs, which are directly related to an acquisition but do not meet the criteria to be recognized on the acquired entity’s initial balance sheet as part of the purchase price allocation. These costs are also significantly impacted by the timing, complexity, and size of acquisitions. 20 Cardinal Health | Fiscal 2025 Form 10-K Explanation and Reconciliation of Financial Measures • Acquisition-related cash and compensation costs are incurred in connection with contingent cash payments or the issuance of payment awards, which include service requirements, as a part of certain physician practice acquisitions. These costs include fair value adjustments for awards. These costs are excluded because they are unrelated to the underlying operating results of our business and to facilitate comparison of our current financial results to our historical financial results and to our peer group companies’ financial results. In addition, the magnitude of these expenses is significantly impacted by the timing and size of the acquisitions of physician practices. • Impairments and gain or loss on disposal of assets, net are excluded because they do not occur in or reflect the ordinary course of our ongoing business operations and are inherently unpredictable in timing and amount, and in the case of impairments, are amounts, so their exclusion facilitates comparison of historical, current, and forecasted financial results. • Litigation recoveries or charges, net are excluded because they often relate to events that may have occurred in prior or multiple periods, do not occur in or reflect the ordinary course of our business, and are inherently unpredictable in timing and amount. • Loss on early extinguishment of debt is excluded because it does not typically occur in the normal course of business and may obscure analysis of trends and financial performance. Additionally, the amount and frequency of this type of charge is not consistent and is significantly impacted by the timing and size of debt extinguishment transactions. The tax effect for each of the items listed above is determined using the tax rate and other tax attributes applicable to the item and the jurisdiction(s) in which the item is recorded. The gross, tax, and net impact of each item are presented with our GAAP to reconciliations. Definitions Growth rate calculation: growth rates in this report are determined by dividing the difference between current period results and prior period results by prior period results. operating earnings: operating earnings excluding (1) LIFO charges/(credits), (2) state opioid assessment related to prior fiscal years, (3) shareholder cooperation agreement costs, (4) restructuring and employee severance, (5) amortization and other acquisition-related costs, (6) acquisition-related cash and compensation costs, (7) impairments and (gain)/loss on disposal of assets, net, and (8) litigation (recoveries)/charges, net. earnings before income taxes: earnings before income taxes excluding (1) LIFO charges/(credits), (2) state opioid assessment related to prior fiscal years, (3) shareholder cooperation agreement costs, (4) restructuring and employee severance, (5) amortization and other acquisition-related costs, (6) acquisition-related cash and compensation costs, (7) impairments and (gain)/loss on disposal of assets, net, (8) litigation (recoveries)/charges, net, and (9) loss on early extinguishment of debt. net earnings attributable to interests: net earnings attributable to interests excluding (1) LIFO charges/(credits), (2) state opioid assessment related to prior fiscal years, (3) shareholder cooperation agreement costs, (4) restructuring and employee severance, (5) amortization and other acquisition-related costs, (6) acquisition-related cash and compensation costs, (7) impairments and (gain)/loss on disposal of assets, net, (8) litigation (recoveries)/charges, net, and (9) loss on early extinguishment of debt, each net of tax. net earnings attributable to Cardinal Health, Inc.: ne t earnings attributable to Cardinal Health, Inc. excluding (1) LIFO charges/(credits), (2) state opioid assessment related to prior fiscal years, (3) shareholder cooperation agreement costs, (4) restructuring and employee severance, (5) amortization and other acquisition-related costs, (6) acquisition-related cash and compensation costs, (7) impairments and (gain)/loss on disposal of assets, net, (8) litigation (recoveries)/charges, net, and (9) loss on early extinguishment of debt, each net of tax. effective tax rate: provision for income taxes adjusted for the tax impacts of (1) LIFO charges/(credits), (2) state opioid assessment related to prior fiscal years, (3) shareholder cooperation agreement costs, (4) restructuring and employee severance, (5) amortization and other acquisition-related costs, (6) acquisition-related cash and compensation costs, (7) impairments and (gain)/loss on disposal of assets, net, (8) litigation (recoveries)/charges, net, and (9) loss on early extinguishment of debt divided by (earnings before income taxes adjusted for the items above). diluted earnings per share attributable to Cardinal Health, Inc.: net earnings attributable to Cardinal Health, Inc. divided by diluted shares outstanding. Cardinal Health | Fiscal 2025 Form 10-K 21 Explanation and Reconciliation of Financial Measures GAAP to Reconciliations (in millions, except per common share amounts) Operating Earnings Operating Earnings Growth Rate Earnings Before Income Taxes Provision for Income Taxes Net Earnings Attributable to Interests Net Earnings 1 Net Earnings 1 Growth Rate Effective Tax Rate Diluted EPS 1 Diluted EPS 1 Growth Rate Fiscal Year 2025 GAAP $ 2,275 83 % $ 2,101 $ 532 $ (8) $ 1,561 83 % 25.3 % $ 6.45 87 % Restructuring and employee severance 88 88 21 67 0.28 Amortization and other acquisition-related costs 464 464 104 360 1.49 Acquisition-related cash and compensation costs 126 126 1 125 0.51 Impairments and (gain)/loss on disposal of assets, net 18 18 5 13 0.05 Litigation (recoveries)/charges, net (185) (185) (54) (131) (0.54) $ 2,786 15 % $ 2,612 $ 609 $ (8) $ 1,995 7 % 23.3 % $ 8.24 9 % Fiscal Year 2024 GAAP $ 1,243 65 % $ 1,201 $ 348 $ (1) $ 852 N.M. 28.9 % $ 3.45 N.M. Shareholder cooperation agreement costs 1 1 — 1 — Restructuring and employee severance 175 175 41 134 0.54 Amortization and other acquisition-related costs 284 284 74 210 0.85 Impairments and (gain)/loss on disposal of assets, net 2 634 634 47 587 2.38 Litigation (recoveries)/charges, net 78 78 5 73 0.30 $ 2,414 16 % $ 2,372 $ 515 $ (1) $ 1,856 21 % 21.7 % $ 7.53 29 % Fiscal Year 2023 GAAP $ 752 N.M. $ 663 $ 332 $ (1) $ 330 N.M. 50.0 % $ 1.26 N.M. State opioid assessment related to prior fiscal years (6) (6) (2) (4) (0.02) Shareholder cooperation agreement costs 8 8 2 6 0.02 Restructuring and employee severance 95 95 21 74 0.28 Amortization and other acquisition-related costs 285 285 74 211 0.80 Impairments and (gain)/loss on disposal of assets, net 2 1,246 1,246 108 1,138 4.35 Litigation (recoveries)/charges, net (304) (304) (83) (221) (0.84) $ 2,076 5 % $ 1,987 $ 452 $ (1) $ 1,534 8% 22.8 % $ 5.85 15 % 1 Attributable to Cardinal Health, Inc. 2 For fiscal 2024 and 2023, impairments and (gain)/loss on disposals of assets, net included goodwill impairment charges of $675 million and $1.2 billion related to the GMPD segment, respectively. For fiscal 2024 and 2023, the net tax benefit related to these charges was $58 million and $92 million, respectively, and were included in the annual effective tax rate. The sum of the components and certain computations may reflect rounding adjustments. We apply varying tax rates depending on the item's nature and tax jurisdiction where it is incurred. 22 Cardinal Health | Fiscal 2025 Form 10-K Disclosures about Market Risk Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk We are exposed to cash flow and earnings fluctuations as a result of certain market risks. These market risks primarily relate to foreign exchange, interest rate, and commodity changes. We maintain a hedging program to manage volatility related to some of these market exposures which employs operational, economic, and derivative financial instruments in order to mitigate risk. See Note 1 and Note 11 of the “Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements” for further discussion regarding our use of derivative instruments. Foreign Exchange Rate Sensitivity By the nature of our global operations, we are exposed to cash flow and earnings fluctuations resulting from foreign exchange rate variation. These exposures are transactional and translational in nature. The following foreign currencies represent the principal drivers of our foreign exchange exposure: Canadian dollar, euro, Thai baht, Mexican peso, Chinese renminbi, Australian dollar, British pound, Japanese yen, Philippine peso, Brazilian real, South Korean won, Costa Rican colon, Singapore dollar, Dominican peso, and Indian rupee. We apply a ("VAR") methodology to our transactional and translational exposures. The VAR model is a risk estimation tool and is not intended to represent actual losses in fair value that could be incurred. Transactional Exposure Transactional exposure arises from the purchase and sale of goods and services in currencies other than our functional currency or the functional currency of our subsidiaries. At the end of each fiscal year, we perform sensitivity analyses on our forecasted transactional exposure for the upcoming fiscal year. These analyses include the estimated impact of our hedging program, which is designed to mitigate transactional exposure. Applying a VAR methodology to our transactional exposure and including the impact of our hedging program, the potential maximum loss in earnings for the upcoming fiscal year is estimated to be $13 million, which is based on a horizon and a 95 percent confidence level. Translational Exposure We have exposure related to the translation of financial statements of our foreign operations into U.S. dollars, our functional currency. Applying a VAR methodology to our translational exposure, the potential maximum loss in earnings for the upcoming fiscal year is estimated to be $3 million, which is based on a horizon and a 95 percent confidence level. Interest Rate Sensitivity We are exposed to changes in interest rates primarily as a result of our borrowing and investing activities to maintain liquidity and fund operations. The nature and amount of our and debt can be expected to fluctuate as a result of business requirements, market conditions, and other factors. Our policy is to manage exposures to interest rates using a mix of fixed and floating rate debt as deemed appropriate by management. We utilize interest rate swap instruments to mitigate our exposure to interest rate movements. As part of our risk management program related to our debt, we perform an annual sensitivity analysis on our forecasted exposure to interest rates for the upcoming fiscal year. At June 30, 2025, a hypothetical increase or decrease of 50 basis points in interest rates would result in an increase or decrease in interest expense of $12 million, respectively. We are also exposed to market risk from changes in interest rates related to our cash and cash equivalents, which includes marketable securities that are carried at fair value in the consolidated balance sheets. The fair value of our cash and cash equivalents is subject to change primarily as a result of changes in market interest rates and investment risk related to the issuers' credit worthiness. At June 30, 2025, a hypothetical increase or decrease of 50 basis points in interest rates would result in an increase or decrease in interest income of $14 million, respectively. Cardinal Health | Fiscal 2025 Form 10-K 23 Disclosures about Market Risk Commodity Price Sensitivity We are directly exposed to market price changes for certain commodities, including resins, nitrile, cotton, diesel fuel, and latex. We typically purchase raw materials at either market prices or prices tied to a commodity index and some finished goods at prices based in part on a commodity price index. During fiscal 2025, the prices of certain commodities continued to experience fluctuation due to inflationary impacts. As part of our risk management program, we perform sensitivity analysis on our forecasted direct commodity exposure for the upcoming fiscal year. Our forecasted direct commodity exposure at June 30, 2025 decreased approximately $86 million from June 30, 2024. There were no outstanding commodity contracts in our hedging program at June 30, 2025. Our forecasted direct commodity exposures for the upcoming fiscal year is $491 million. The potential gain/loss for fiscal year 2026, given a hypothetical 10 percent fluctuation in commodity prices, assuming pricing collectively shifts in the same direction and there is no change in customer pricing is $49 million at June 30, 2025. 24 Cardinal Health | Fiscal 2025 Form 10-K Business Business General Cardinal Health, Inc. is a global healthcare services and products company providing customized solutions for hospitals, healthcare systems, pharmacies, ambulatory surgery centers, clinical laboratories, physician offices, and patients in the home. We provide medical products and pharmaceuticals and solutions that enhance the healthcare system and supply chain efficiency. Pharmaceutical and Specialty Solutions Segment In the United States, our Pharmaceutical and Specialty Solutions segment: ▪ through its Pharmaceutical Distribution businesses: • distributes branded and generic pha

[truncated]