Item 1.01 Entry Into A Material Definitive Agreement On September 30, 2025, Cardinal Health Funding, LLC (“Funding”), a receivables financing subsidiary of Griffin Capital, LLC (“Griffin Capital”), Cardinal Health 23 Funding, LLC (“ Funding”), a receivables financing subsidiary of Cardinal Health 23, LLC (“ ”), Griffin Capital, a receivables financing indirect subsidiary of Cardinal Health, Inc. (the “Company”), as original servicer, , a receivables financing indirect subsidiary of the Company, as servicer, Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. (“WF”), Liberty Street Funding LLC (“Liberty Street”), The Bank of Nova Scotia (“BNS”), PNC Bank, National Association (“PNC”), Bank of America, National Association (“BofA”), Victory Receivables Corporation (“Victory”) and MUFG Bank, LTD (“MUFG”) entered into a First Amendment (the “Amendment”) to the Fifth Amended and Restated Receivables Purchase Agreement dated September 1, 2023. The principal purpose of the Amendment is to extend the term of the facility to September 28, 2028. The Amendment is filed as Exhibit 10.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and the foregoing description is qualified by reference to the full text of the Amendment and Restatement. From time to time, the financial institutions that are parties to the Amendment or their affiliates have performed, and may in the future perform, various commercial banking, investment banking or other financial advisory services for the Company and its affiliates for which they receive customary fees and expenses. For example, WF and BofA serve as dealers under the Company’s commercial paper program and MUFG, BNS, WF, PNC and BofA or their affiliates currently act as members of the lending syndicate under the Company’s $2.0 billion revolving credit facility. Item 9.01: Financial Statements and Exhibits (d) Exhibits Exhibit Number Exhibit Description 10.1 First Amendment, dated September 30, 2025, to the Fifth Amended and Restated Receivables Purchase Agreement 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 2 Signatures Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. Cardinal Health, Inc. (Registrant) Date: October 3, 2025 By: /s/ AARON E. ALT Aaron E. Alt Chief Financial Officer 3