Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 3 Explanation and Reconciliation of Financial Measures 20 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 23 Business 25 Risk Factors 33 Cybersecurity 42 Properties 43 Legal Proceedings 43 Market for Registrant's Common Equity 44 Reports 46 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 50 Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance 83 Exhibits 84 Form 10-K Cross Reference Index 89 Signatures 90 Cardinal Health | Fiscal 2026 Form 10-K 1 Introduction Introduction References to Cardinal Health and Fiscal Years As used in this report, "we," "our," "us," "Cardinal Health," and similar pronouns refer to Cardinal Health, Inc. and its and consolidated subsidiaries, unless the context requires otherwise. Our fiscal year ends on June 30. References to fiscal 2027, 2026, 2025, 2024, 2023, 2022, 2021, and 2020 are to the fiscal years ended June 30, 2027, 2026, 2025, 2024, 2023, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. Except as otherwise specified, information in this report is provided as of June 30, 2026. Financial Measures In this report, we use financial measures that are derived from consolidated financial data but are not presented in our financial statements that are prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (“GAAP”). These measures are considered “ financial measures” under the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) rules. The reasons we use these financial measures, and the reconciliations to their most directly comparable GAAP financial measures, are included in the “Explanation and Reconciliation of Financial Measures” section following MD&A in this report. Management's Discussion and Analysis ("MD&A") of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Our MD&A within this Form 10-K generally discusses fiscal 2026 and fiscal 2025 items and comparisons between fiscal 2026 and fiscal 2025. Fiscal 2024 items and discussions of comparisons between fiscal 2025 and fiscal 2024 that are not included in this Form 10-K can be found in Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2025 (the "Fiscal 2025 Form 10-K"). Important Information Regarding Statements This report (including information incorporated by reference) includes statements addressing expectations, prospects, estimates, and other matters that are dependent upon future events or developments. Many statements appear in MD&A and Risk Factors, but there are others throughout this report, which may be identified by words such as “expect,” “anticipate,” “intend,” “plan,” “believe,” “will,” “should,” “could,” “would,” “project,” “continue,” “likely,” and similar expressions, and include statements reflecting future results or guidance, statements of outlook, and expense accruals. These matters are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected, anticipated, or implied. The most significant of these risks and uncertainties are described in “Risk Factors” in this report and in Exhibit 99.1 to the Form 10-K included in this report. statements in this report speak only as of the date of this document. Except to the extent required by applicable law, we undertake no obligation to update or revise any statement. Available Information Our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports are available free of charge on our website (www.cardinalhealth.com), under the “Investor Relations — Financials — SEC Filings” caption, as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file them with, or furnish them to, the SEC. Information contained on or accessible via our website is not part of or otherwise incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The SEC also maintains a website (www.sec.gov) where you can search for annual, quarterly and current reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding us and other public companies. 2 Cardinal Health | Fiscal 2026 Form 10-K Introduction Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations About Cardinal Health Cardinal Health, Inc., an Ohio corporation formed in 1979, is a global healthcare services and products company providing customized solutions for hospitals, healthcare systems, pharmacies, ambulatory surgery centers, clinical laboratories, physician offices, and patients in the home. We provide pharmaceuticals and medical products and services and solutions that enhance the healthcare system and supply chain efficiency. We connect patients, providers, payers, pharmacists, and manufacturers for integrated care coordination. We report our financial results in two reportable segments: Pharmaceutical and Specialty Solutions ("Pharma") segment and Global Medical Products and Distribution ("GMPD") segment. All remaining operating segments that are not significant enough to require separate reportable segment disclosures are included in Other, which is comprised of Nuclear and Precision Health Solutions, Solutions, and OptiFreight ® Logistics. Pharmaceutical and Specialty Solutions Segment Our Pharma segment distributes branded and generic pharmaceutical, specialty pharmaceutical, and healthcare and consumer products in the United States. This segment also provides services to pharmaceutical manufacturers and healthcare providers for specialty pharmaceutical products; provides pharmacy management services to hospitals and operates a limited number of pharmacies, including pharmacies in community health centers; repackages generic pharmaceuticals and healthcare products; and includes our managed services organization ("MSO") platforms for physician offices. Global Medical Products and Distribution Segment Our GMPD segment manufactures, sources, and distributes Cardinal Health brand medical, surgical, and laboratory products, which are sold in the United States, Canada, Europe, Asia, and other markets. This segment also distributes a broad range of medical, surgical, and laboratory products known as national brand products to hospitals, ambulatory surgery centers, clinical laboratories, and other healthcare providers in the United States and Canada. Other Operating Segments Our Nuclear and Precision Health Solutions operating segment operates nuclear pharmacies and manufacturing facilities, which manufacture, prepare, and deliver radiopharmaceuticals for use in nuclear imaging, theranostics, and other procedures in hospitals and physician offices. This segment also contract manufactures a radiopharmaceutical treatment (Xofigo ® ) and holds the rights to manufacture and distribute Lymphoseek ® , a radiopharmaceutical diagnostic imaging agent. Our Solutions operating segment has two main businesses: Edgepark, including Advanced Diabetes Supply Group ("ADS"), directly providing medical supplies to patients with chronic conditions in the home; and , a distribution service that delivers medical supplies and products to home medical equipment providers, home health and hospice agencies, and e-commerce providers. Our OptiFreight ® Logistics operating segment supports the shipping and logistics needs of healthcare providers by optimizing direct shipments through integrated technology solutions. This operating segment serves hospitals, pharmacies, labs, and surgery centers. 3 Cardinal Health | Fiscal 2026 Form 10-K MD&A Overview Consolidated Results Fiscal 2026 Overview Revenue Revenue for fiscal 2026 increased 14 percent to $254.2 billion from the prior year, primarily due to branded and specialty pharmaceutical sales growth from existing and new customers. GAAP and Operating Earnings (in millions) 2026 2025 Change GAAP operating earnings $ 2,613 $ 2,275 15 % State opioid assessment related to prior fiscal years (17) — Restructuring and employee severance 106 88 Amortization and other acquisition-related costs 469 464 Acquisition-related cash and compensation costs 287 126 Impairments and (gain)/loss on disposal of assets, net 177 18 Litigation (recoveries)/charges, net (10) (185) operating earnings $ 3,624 $ 2,786 30 % The sum of the components and certain computations may reflect rounding adjustments. GAAP operating earnings for fiscal 2026 increased 15% to $2.6 billion from the prior year. The increase in GAAP operating earnings was driven by the increased contribution from branded and specialty pharmaceuticals and the performance of our generics program in our Pharma segment, the impact of the acquisitions of MSO platforms and ADS, and growth from existing customers in our GMPD segment. This increase was partially offset by the $184 million goodwill impairment charge recognized in fiscal 2026 related to the Navista & Integrated Oncology Network ("ION") reporting unit within our Pharma segment, higher cash and compensation costs resulting from the timing of acquisitions within The Specialty Alliance, and $171 million of net recoveries in class action antitrust litigation recognized in fiscal 2025. See "Critical Accounting Policies and Sensitive Accounting Estimates" section of this MD&A and Note 4 of the "Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements" for further information on the goodwill impairment. operating earnings for fiscal 2026 increased 30% to $3.6 billion from the prior year, primarily driven by the increased contribution from branded and specialty pharmaceuticals and the performance of our generics program in our Pharma segment and the impact of the acquisitions of MSO platforms and ADS. 4 Cardinal Health | Fiscal 2026 Form 10-K MD&A Overview GAAP and Diluted EPS ($ per share) 2026 (2) 2025 (2) Change GAAP diluted EPS (1) $ 7.23 $ 6.45 12 % State opioid assessment related to prior fiscal years (0.05) — Restructuring and employee severance 0.34 0.28 Amortization and other acquisition-related costs 1.47 1.49 Acquisition-related cash and compensation costs 1.16 0.51 Impairments and (gain)/loss on disposal of assets, net (3) 0.56 0.05 Litigation (recoveries)/charges, net 0.04 (0.54) Impairment of equity interest in Outcomes (4) 0.50 — diluted EPS (1) $ 11.26 $ 8.24 37 % The sum of the components and certain computations may reflect rounding adjustments. (1) Diluted earnings per share attributable to Cardinal Health, Inc. ("diluted EPS"). (2) The reconciling items are presented within this table net of tax. See quantification of tax effect of each reconciling item in our GAAP to Reconciliations in the section titled "Explanation and Reconciliation of Financial Measures." (3) For fiscal 2026, impairments and (gain)/loss on disposals of assets, net included a goodwill impairment charge of $184 million related to the Navista & ION reporting unit within the Pharma segment. Net of the $23 million tax benefit and $23 million portion attributable to noncontrolling interests, this had an adverse impact of $0.58 per share to GAAP diluted EPS. (4) During fiscal 2026, we recognized a impairment charge of $122 million in connection with the observed reduction of the estimated fair value of the Outcomes business, of which we hold a 16 percent equity interest. GAAP diluted EPS for fiscal 2026 increased 12 percent to $7.23 from the prior year, primarily due to the factors impacting GAAP operating earnings discussed in the preceding section and favorable changes in discrete tax items, partially offset by increased interest expense and the impairment of our equity interest in Outcomes. diluted EPS for fiscal 2026 increased 37 percent to $11.26 from the prior year due to the factors impacting operating earnings discussed in the preceding section and favorable changes in discrete tax items, partially offset by increased interest expense. Cardinal Health | Fiscal 2026 Form 10-K 5 MD&A Overview Significant Developments in Fiscal 2026 and Trends Pharma Segment Solaris Health Acquisition On November 3, 2025, we, through The Specialty Alliance, completed the acquisition of Solaris Health, a urology MSO, for a purchase price of approximately $1.9 billion in cash, subject to certain adjustments. In connection with the closing of this transaction, we issued common units in The Specialty Alliance to certain physicians and members of management which are estimated to have a grant date fair value of approximately $500 million, a portion of which will be recognized as expense within acquisition-related cash and compensation costs. Solaris Health includes more than 750 providers across more than 250 practice locations in 14 states. Solaris Health is part of The Specialty Alliance, our MSO platform, and its results are reported within our Pharma segment. With the closing of this transaction, we own approximately 76% of The Specialty Alliance. We funded the acquisition with a combination of cash proceeds from the recent debt financing and cash on hand. See Note 6 of the "Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements" for additional information on the debt financing. Management Service Organization Platforms The performance of The Specialty Alliance positively impacted the comparison of Pharma segment profit during fiscal 2026, primarily due to the impact of the acquisitions of GI Alliance ("GIA") and Solaris Health. The Specialty Alliance is our MSO platform, which is primarily comprised of GIA, Urology America, Solaris Health, and other gastroenterology- and practices. Additionally, Navista is our oncology MSO platform, which is primarily comprised of ION and other practices. Our ability to successfully provide physician practice support and management services, and to receive the value we expect to receive from our recent acquisitions of MSO platforms, depends upon a number of factors, including: the ability to develop or acquire and integrate appropriate practice management and support expertise; the ability to support recruitment, integration, and retention of sufficient numbers of local providers and staff; ensuring the alignment of interests between Cardinal Health and the physicians; the ability to successfully support negotiations with vendors, suppliers, and payors; the reimbursement and regulatory environment; and competition from other healthcare organizations. Branded Pharmaceuticals There are a number of proposed and adopted U.S. government policy initiatives being considered that could directly or indirectly impact pharmaceutical manufacturer list prices for branded pharmaceutical products. The Inflation Reduction Act has and will continue to adversely impact our revenue by capping prices for certain drugs; however, our profitability has not been negatively impacted. Additionally, the Executive Order titled “Delivering Nation Prescription Drug Pricing to American Patients” and other administrative policies or actions may impact sales or profitability of branded pharmaceutical products. The extent of any future impacts is uncertain and may vary depending on the timeline for implementation and the extent of any price reductions. An April 2026 proclamation issued by the President of the United States imposed tariffs on imports of branded pharmaceutical products and associated ingredients imported into the United States. If pharmaceutical manufacturers raise their prices or stop importing certain products, we could experience increased costs or supply disruptions which may impact our financial results. With respect to medications, during fiscal 2026, we experienced increased demand, which positively impacted our Pharma segment revenue and consolidated revenue; however, increased sales did not meaningfully contribute to segment profit. Demand growth for medications began to moderate in fiscal year 2026 and we expect future demand growth moderation to continue; however, demand for these medications is unpredictable. Generics Program The performance of our Pharma segment generics program positively impacted the comparison of Pharma segment profit during fiscal 2026. The Pharma segment generics program includes, among other things, the impact of generic pharmaceutical product launches, customer volumes, pricing changes, the Red Oak Sourcing, LLC venture ("Red Oak Sourcing") with CVS Health Corporation ("CVS Health"), and generic pharmaceutical contract manufacturing and sourcing costs. The frequency, timing, magnitude, and profit impact of generic pharmaceutical customer volumes, pricing changes, customer contract renewals, generic pharmaceutical manufacturer pricing changes, and generic pharmaceutical contract manufacturing and sourcing costs all impact Pharma segment profit and are subject to risks and uncertainties. Additionally, while generic pharmaceutical products are not currently subject to U.S. tariffs, it is possible that this may change in the future, which may impact our costs or decrease available supply. These risks and uncertainties may impact Pharma segment profit and consolidated operating earnings during fiscal 2027 and beyond. 6 Cardinal Health | Fiscal 2026 Form 10-K MD&A Overview Tariffs International Emergency Economic Powers Act ("IEEPA")Tariffs In February 2025, the United States imposed tariffs under the IEEPA on certain goods, materials, and products imported into the United States from countries where we do business. In February 2026, the U.S. Supreme Court ruled that the IEEPA tariffs were unlawful. Subsequent to this ruling, U.S. Customs and Border Protection (the "CBP") worked to establish a phased process to administer refunds required by the Supreme Court ruling. In April 2026 and June 2026, the U.S. Government launched its program to administer refund requests under Phase 1 and Phase 2, respectively, and additional phases are expected to be communicated in the future. The majority of our refund requests fall under Phase 2. Our refund requests under Phases 1 and 2 have been submitted and accepted by the CBP. We expect that the remainder of our refund requests will be submitted in later phases or through other established mechanics. Since February 2025, we have paid approximately $200 million in IEEPA tariffs, related to products that we source, manufacture or distribute, primarily in our GMPD segment. After receiving refunds of IEEPA tariffs from the U.S. Government, we expect to return to customers the portion of those refunds that reflect the estimated increased prices paid related to IEEPA tariffs. During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2026, we recorded a receivable of approximately $200 million in relation to the expected refund of IEEPA tariffs from the U.S. Government. This resulted in a net benefit to operating earnings of approximately $100 million during the three months ended June 30, 2026, primarily due to the recording of a corresponding expense related to the payments to customers. The net operating earnings impact was immaterial for fiscal 2026, due to the timing of tariff related expense recognition and the IEEPA tariff refund. The ultimate resolution of this matter could impact our results of operations in future periods, including GMPD segment profit and consolidated operating income. Tariff Environment The tariff environment remains dynamic and we do not expect to be able to establish alternative sources of supply or otherwise mitigate the potential impact of tariffs on all of the products that we source, manufacture, or distribute. For example, in addition to the IEEPA tariffs discussed above, our GMPD segment has experienced, and expects to continue to experience increased costs as a result of tariffs imposed or expected to be imposed under different legal authority, including Sections 122, 232 and 301 of the Trade Act of 1974 and Section 308 of the Tariff Act. Our GMPD segment continues to take action to reduce the impact of these tariffs and other potential tariffs on our financial results, including through cost optimization initiatives and by increasing prices on impacted products to customers; however, these measures have not fully offset the adverse impact. We are still incurring increased costs from tariffs, and if we are not successful at increasing prices to customers, our financial results will continue to be negatively impacted. Furthermore, if our competitors do not increase prices, or increase prices to a lesser extent than we do or are able to offset the impact of tariffs through other actions, our competitive and financial position may be adversely affected. It is also possible that our Pharma segment could be impacted by tariffs. An April 2026 proclamation issued by the President of the United States imposed tariffs on imports of branded pharmaceutical products and associated ingredients imported into the United States. If pharmaceutical manufacturers raise their prices or stop importing certain products, we could experience increased costs or supply disruptions which may impact our financial results. Additionally, while generic pharmaceutical products are not currently subject to U.S. tariffs, the President recently issued a statement i ndicating that generic pharmaceutical products will be subject to 100% tariffs beginning in 2028 and 200% tariffs beginning in 2029. There remains significant uncertainty about the ultimate implementation of this proposal; however, these potential tariffs may impact our costs or decrease available supply, which could impact Pharma segment profit and consolidated operating earnings. Cardinal Health | Fiscal 2026 Form 10-K 7 MD&A Results of Operations Results of Operations Revenue Revenue (in millions) 2026 2025 Change Pharmaceutical and Specialty Solutions $ 234,833 $ 204,644 15 % Global Medical Products and Distribution 12,719 12,636 1 % Other 6,792 5,382 26 % Total segment revenue 254,344 222,662 14 % Corporate (1) (96) (84) N.M. Total revenue $ 254,248 $ 222,578 14 % (1) Corporate revenue consists of the elimination of revenue and other revenue not allocated to the segments. Pharmaceutical and Specialty Solutions Pharma segment revenue for fiscal 2026 increased 15 percent to $234.8 billion from the prior year, primarily due to branded and specialty pharmaceutical sales growth from existing and new customers. Global Medical Products and Distribution GMPD segment revenue for fiscal 2026 was relatively flat at $12.7 billion due to Cardinal Health brand growth, offset by lower distribution volumes and the expected IEEPA tariff refund repayment to customers. Other Other segment revenue for fiscal 2026 increased 26 percent to $6.8 billion from the prior year due to growth across Solutions (including the acquisition of ADS), Nuclear and Precision Health Solutions, and OptiFreight ® Logistics. 8 Cardinal Health | Fiscal 2026 Form 10-K MD&A Results of Operations Cost of Products Sold Cost of products sold for fiscal 2026 increased 14 percent to $244.5 billion from the prior year, primarily due to the factors affecting the changes in revenue and gross margin. Gross Margin Gross Margin (in millions) 2026 2025 Change Gross margin $ 9,774 $ 8,168 20 % Gross margin for fiscal 2026 increased 20 percent to $9.8 billion from the prior year, primarily due to the acquisitions of MSO platforms and ADS, increased contribution from branded and specialty pharmaceutical products, and the performance of our generics program. Gross margin rate for fiscal 2026 grew 17 basis points from the prior year, primarily due to the acquisition of MSO platforms, partially offset by the impact of the unfavorable changes in product mix in the Pharma segment. These changes in product mix were primarily driven by increased pharmaceutical distribution branded sales, which have a dilutive impact on our overall gross margin rate. Distribution, Selling, General, and Administrative ("SG&A") Expenses SG&A Expenses (in millions) 2026 2025 Change SG&A expenses $ 6,132 $ 5,382 14 % SG&A expenses for fiscal 2026 increased 14 percent to $6.1 billion from the prior year, primarily due to the acquisitions of MSO platforms and ADS. Cardinal Health | Fiscal 2026 Form 10-K 9 MD&A Results of Operations Segment Profit We evaluate segment performance based on segment profit, among other measures. See Note 13 of the "Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements" for additional information on segment profit. Segment Profit and Operating Earnings (in millions) 2026 2025 Change Pharmaceutical and Specialty Solutions $ 2,783 $ 2,258 23 % Global Medical Products and Distribution 258 135 91 % Other 707 516 37 % Total segment profit 3,748 2,909 29 % Corporate (1,135) (634) N.M. Total consolidated operating earnings $ 2,613 $ 2,275 15 % Pharmaceutical and Specialty Solutions Pharma segment profit for fiscal 2026 increased 23 percent to $2.8 billion from the prior year, primarily due to the increased contribution from branded and specialty pharmaceutical products, the performance of our generics program, and the acquisition of MSO platforms. Global Medical Products and Distribution GMPD segment profit for fiscal 2026 increased 91 percent to $258 million from the prior year, primarily due to growth from existing customers. The net impact of tariffs to fiscal 2026 was not significant, as the adverse impact of tariff costs recognized during the year was primarily offset by the benefit of the IEEPA tariff refund. Other Other segment profit for fiscal 2026 increased 37 percent to $707 million from the prior year, due to the performance of Solutions (including the acquisition of ADS), OptiFreight ® Logistics, and Nuclear and Precision Health Solutions. Corporate The changes in Corporate during fiscal 2026 are due to the factors discussed in the "Other Components of Consolidated Operating Earnings" section that follows. 10 Cardinal Health | Fiscal 2026 Form 10-K MD&A Results of Operations Other Components of Consolidated Operating Earnings In addition to revenue, gross margin, and SG&A expenses discussed previously, consolidated operating earnings were impacted by the following: (in millions) 2026 2025 Restructuring and employee severance $ 106 $ 88 Amortization and other acquisition-related costs 469 464 Acquisition-related cash and compensation costs 287 126 Impairments and (gain)/loss on disposal of assets, net 177 18 Litigation (recoveries)/charges, net (10) (185) Restructuring and Employee Severance Restructuring and employee severance costs in fiscal 2026 and 2025 primarily resulted from certain initiatives to rationalize our manufacturing operations and other initiatives within our GMPD segment. Amortization and Other Acquisition-Related Costs Amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets was $361 million and $303 million for fiscal 2026 and 2025, respectively. Transaction and integration costs associated with acquisitions were $108 million and $161 million for fiscal 2026 and 2025, respectively. Acquisition-related Cash and Compensation Costs Acquisition-related cash and compensation costs were $287 million and $126 million for fiscal 2026 and 2025, respectively, primarily resulting from the timing of the acquisitions within The Specialty Alliance. Impairments and (Gain)/Loss on Disposal of Assets, Net During fiscal 2026, we recognized a goodwill impairment charge of $184 million related to the Navista & ION reporting unit within the Pharma segment, as discussed further in the "Critical Accounting Policies and Sensitive Accounting Estimates" section of this MD&A and Note 4 of the "Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements." Litigation (Recoveries)/Charges, Net During fiscal 2025, we recognized income of $171 million for net recoveries in class action lawsuits in which we were a class member or plaintiff. Cardinal Health | Fiscal 2026 Form 10-K 11 MD&A Results of Operations Other Components of Earnings Before Income Taxes In addition to the items discussed above, earnings before income taxes was impacted by the following: (in millions) 2026 2025 Change Other (income)/expense, net $ (31) $ (41) N.M. Interest expense, net 348 215 62 % Impairment of equity interest in Outcomes 122 — N.M. Interest Expense, Net Interest expense, net for fiscal 2026 increased 62 percent to $348 million from the prior year, primarily due to the additional debt financing for our recent acquisitions. See Note 6 of the "Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements" for additional information on the new debt financing. Impairment of Equity Interest in Outcomes During fiscal 2026, we recognized a impairment charge of $122 million in connection with the observed reduction of the estimated fair value of the Outcomes business, of which we hold a 16 percent equity interest. Provision for Income Taxes Our effective tax rates were 21.6% and 25.3% for fiscal 2026 and 2025, respectively. The effective tax rates for fiscal 2026 and 2025 were primarily impacted by discrete tax items. Included in the effective tax rate for fiscal 2026, was $23 million of benefit related to the goodwill impairment charge related to the Navista & ION reporting unit within the Pharma segment. See Note 8 of the "Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements" for additional information. Ongoing Audits We file income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction, various U.S. state jurisdictions, and various foreign jurisdictions. With few exceptions, we are subject to audit by taxing authorities for fiscal 2015 through the current fiscal year. Tax laws are complex and subject to varying interpretations. New challenges related to future audits may adversely affect our effective tax rate or tax payments. 12 Cardinal Health | Fiscal 2026 Form 10-K MD&A Liquidity and Capital Resources Liquidity and Capital Resources We currently believe that, based on available capital resources and projected operating cash flow, we have adequate capital resources to fund our operations and expected future cash needs as described below. In addition to those disclosed, if we decide to engage in one or more acquisitions, depending on the size and timing of such transactions, we may need to access capital markets for additional financing. Cash and Equivalents Our cash and equivalents balance was $4.9 billion at June 30, 2026 compared to $3.9 billion at June 30, 2025. During fiscal 2026, net cash provided by operating activities was $5.2 billion, which reflects the impact of normal timing of payments to vendors and includes payments totaling $417 million related to the opioid litigation. During fiscal 2026, we deployed $1.9 billion for the Solaris Health acquisition, $1.4 billion for share repurchases, $649 million for capital expenditures, $600 million for debt repayment, and $491 million for dividends. In addition, we issued new debt and received net proceeds of $1.0 billion to fund a portion of the consideration paid in connection with the Solaris Health acquisition and for general purposes. At June 30, 2026, our cash and equivalents were held in cash depository accounts with major banks or invested in high quality, liquid investments. During fiscal 2025, net cash provided by operating activities was $2.4 billion, which includes the impact of unwinding the negative net working capital associated with the OptumRx contracts and the normal timing of payments to vendors, partially offset by the benefit of onboarding new customers. Cash provided by operating activities also includes the impact of payments totaling $798 million related to the opioid litigation. During fiscal 2025, we deployed $5.3 billion for acquisitions, $765 million for share repurchases, $547 million for capital expenditures, $494 million for dividends, and $400 million for debt repayments. In addition, we issued additional debt and received net proceeds of $2.9 billion to fund a portion of the consideration paid for acquisitions and for general purposes. Another portion of the consideration came from an $800 million term loan. Changes in working capital, which impact operating cash flow, can vary significantly depending on factors such as the timing of customer payments, inventory purchases, payments to vendors, and tax payments in the regular course of business, as well as fluctuating working capital needs driven by customer and product mix. In fiscal 2026, we returned $398 million of cash held by foreign subsidiaries to the United States. The cash and equivalents balance at June 30, 2026 includes $364 million of cash and equivalents held by subsidiaries outside of the United States. At June 30, 2026, foreign earnings of approximately $1.0 billion are considered indefinitely reinvested for working capital and other offshore investment needs. The computation of tax required if those earnings are repatriated is not practicable. For amounts not considered indefinitely reinvested, we have recorded an immaterial amount of income tax expense in our consolidated financial statements in fiscal 2026. Other Financing Arrangements and Financial Instruments Credit Facilities and Commercial Paper In addition to cash and equivalents and operating cash flow, other sources of liquidity at June 30, 2026 include a $3.0 billion commercial paper program, backed by a $2.0 billion revolving credit facility that expires in February 2028, and a $1.0 billion 364-Day revolving credit facility that expires in October 2026. We also have a $1.0 billion committed receivables sales facility through September 2028. During fiscal 2026, borrowings under our commercial paper program and our committed receivables program were limited to the third quarter, during which the maximum combined daily amount outstanding was approximately $2.0 billion. The average combined daily amount outstanding for fiscal 2026 was $44 million. At June 30, 2026, we had no amounts outstanding under our commercial paper program, revolving credit facilities, or our committed receivables sales facility. In September 2025, we renewed our committed receivables sales facility program through Cardinal Health 23 Funding, LLC ("CHF") through September 2028. In October 2025, we renewed the 364-Day revolving credit facility, under which we have access to $1.0 billion of committed liquidity through October 2026. On August 7, 2026, we entered into a consolidated $4.0 billion 5-year revolving credit facility that expires in August 2031, in conjunction with the terminations of the existing $2.0 billion revolving credit facility, the $1.0 billion 364-Day revolving credit facility, and the $1.0 billion committed receivables sales facility. Our revolving credit and committed receivables sales facilities require us to maintain a consolidated net leverage ratio of no more than 3.75- . As of June 30, 2026, we were in compliance with this financial covenant. Cardinal Health | Fiscal 2026 Form 10-K 13 MD&A Liquidity and Capital Resources Debt and Other Borrowings At June 30, 2026, we had total obligations, including the current portion and other borrowings, of $8.9 billion. In August 2025, we issued additional debt, with the aggregate principal amount of $1.0 billion, to fund a portion of the consideration payable in connection with the Solaris Health acquisition and for general purposes. The notes issued are $600 million aggregate principal amount of 4.5% Notes that mature on September 15, 2030 and $400 million aggregate principal amount of 5.15% Notes that mature on September 15, 2035. The proceeds of the notes issued, net of discounts, premiums, and debt issuance costs, were approximately $1.0 billion. During fiscal 2026, we repaid the full principal of $500 million of the 3.75% Notes due 2025 at maturity with available cash and we made a partial principal prepayment of $100 million for the Floating Rate Term Loan due 2028 with available cash. Capital Deployment Opioid Litigation Settlement Agreement We have $4.3 billion accrued at June 30, 2026 related to certain national opioid litigation settlements, as further described within Note 7 of the "Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements." We expect the majority of the remaining payment amounts to occur through 2038. During fiscal 2026, we made payments totaling $417 million related to opioid litigation, which included our fifth annual payment of $366 million under the National Opioid Settlement Agreement (the "NOSA"). In July 2026, we made our sixth annual payment of $374 million under the NOSA. The amounts of future annual payments under the NOSA may differ from the payments that we have already made. Capital Expenditures Capital expenditures during fiscal 2026 and 2025 were $649 million and $547 million, respectively. We expect capital expenditures in fiscal 2027 to be approximately $700 million and primarily related to manufacturing and distribution infrastructure projects and technology investments. Dividends During fiscal 2026, we paid quarterly dividends totaling $2.04 per share, an increase of 1 percent from fiscal 2025. On May 5, 2026, our Board of Directors approved a quarterly dividend of $0.5158 per share, or $2.06 per share on an annualized basis, which was paid on July 15, 2026, to shareholders of record on July 1, 2026. On August 4, 2026, our Board of Directors approved a quarterly dividend of $0.5158 per share, or $2.06 per share on an annualized basis, which will be paid on October 15, 2026, to shareholders of record on October 1, 2026. Share Repurchases During fiscal 2026 and 2025, we deployed $1.4 billion and $750 million, respectively, for repurchases of our common shares in the aggregate under accelerated share repurchase ("ASR") programs. We funded the ASR programs with available cash. See Note 11 of the "Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements" for additional information. During fiscal 2026, we paid $8 million for excise taxes related to the completion of prior ASR programs. As of June 30, 2026, we had $1.4 billion remaining under our existing share repurchase authorization. On August 4, 2026, our Board of Directors approved a new $5.0 billion share repurchase program. Solaris Health Acquisition On November 3, 2025, we, through The Specialty Alliance, completed the acquisition of Solaris Health, a urology MSO, for a purchase price of approximately $1.9 billion in cash, subject to certain adjustments. See Note 2 of the "Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements" for additional information on this acquisition. 14 Cardinal Health | Fiscal 2026 Form 10-K MD&A Other Contractual Obligations and Cash Requirements At June 30, 2026, our contractual obligations and future cash requirements, including estimated payments due by fiscal year, were as follows: (in millions) 2027 2028 to 2029 2030 to 2031 Total debt and borrowings (1) $ 1,835 $ 1,345 $ 1,339 $ 4,171 $ 8,690 Interest on debt (2) 429 685 495 2,589 4,198 Finance lease obligations (3) 53 75 42 43 213 Operating lease obligations (4) 233 405 288 354 1,280 Purchase obligations and other payments (5) 745 659 419 183 2,006 Opioid litigation settlement agreements (6) 403 507 777 2,533 4,220 Total contractual obligations and cash requirements (7) $ 3,698 $ 3,676 $ 3,360 $ 9,873 $ 20,607 (1) Represents maturities of our debt obligations and other borrowings excluding finance lease obligations described below. See Note 6 of the “Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements” for further information. (2) Represents interest that will become due on our debt obligations and interest rate swap agreements, which are subject to change based on economic rates. See Note s 6 and 10 of the "Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements" for additional information on debt obligations and interest rate swap agreements, respectively. (3) Represents minimum finance lease obligations included within current portion of obligations and other borrowings and obligations, less current portion in our consolidated balance sheets and further described in Note 5 of the “Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.” (4) Represents minimum operating lease obligations included within other accrued liabilities and deferred income taxes and other liabilities in our consolidated balance sheets and further described in Note 5 of the “Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.” (5) A purchase obligation is defined as an agreement to purchase goods or services that is legally enforceable and specifies all significant terms, including fixed or minimum quantities to be purchased; fixed, minimum, or variable price provisions; and approximate timing of the transaction. The purchase obligation amounts disclosed above represent estimates of the minimum for which we are obligated and the time period in which cash outflows will occur. Purchase orders and authorizations to purchase that involve no firm commitment from either party are excluded from the above table. In addition, contracts that can be unilaterally canceled with no termination fee or with proper notice are excluded from our total purchase obligations except for the amount of the termination fee or the minimum amount of goods that must be purchased during the requisite notice period. Purchase obligations and other payments also includes quarterly payments to CVS Health in connection with Red Oak Sourcing. See Note 7 of the “Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements” for additional information. (6) Represents future cash obligations under the NOSA as well as future cash obligations under separate settlement agreements. See Note 7 of the “Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements” for additional information. (7) liabilities, such as unrecognized tax benefits, deferred taxes, and other tax liabilities, have been excluded from the above table due to the inherent uncertainty of the underlying tax positions or because of the inability to reasonably estimate the timing of any cash outflows. See Note 8 of the "Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements" for further discussion of income taxes. Recent Financial Accounting Standards See Note 1 of the “Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements” for further information. Cardinal Health | Fiscal 2026 Form 10-K 15 MD&A Critical Accounting Policies and Sensitive Accounting Estimates Critical Accounting Policies and Sensitive Accounting Estimates Critical accounting policies are those accounting policies that (i) can have a significant impact on our financial condition and results of operations and (ii) require the use of complex and subjective estimates based upon past experience and management’s judgment. Other people applying reasonable judgment to the same facts and circumstances could develop different estimates. Because estimates are inherently uncertain, actual results may differ. In this section, we describe the significant policies applied in preparing our consolidated financial statements that management believes are the most dependent on estimates and assumptions. Allowance for Doubtful Accounts The allowance for doubtful accounts includes general and specific reserves. We determine our allowance for doubtful accounts by reviewing accounts receivable aging, historical trends, payment history, pricing discrepancies, industry trends, customer financial strength, customer credit ratings, or bankruptcies. We regularly evaluate how changes in economic conditions may affect credit risks. A hypothetical 0.1 percent increase or decrease in the reserve as a percentage of trade receivables at June 30, 2026, would result in an increase or decrease in operating earnings of $14 million. We believe the reserve maintained and expenses recorded in fiscal 2026 are appropriate. At this time, we are not aware of any analytical findings or customer issues that are likely to lead to a significant future increase in the allowance for doubtful accounts as a percentage of revenue. The following table presents information regarding our allowance for doubtful accounts over the past three fiscal years. (in millions, except percentages) 2026 2025 2024 Allowance for doubtful accounts at beginning of period $ 213 $ 233 $ 240 Charged to costs and expenses 102 89 108 Reduction to allowance for customer deductions and (114) (109) (115) Allowance for doubtful accounts at end of period $ 201 $ 213 $ 233 Allowance as a percentage of customer receivables 1.5 % 1.6 % 1.9 % Allowance as a percentage of revenue 0.08 % 0.10 % 0.10 % Inventories LIFO Inventory A portion of our inventories (52 percent at both June 30, 2026 and 2025) are valued at the lower of cost, using the , ("LIFO") method, or market. These are primarily merchandise inventories at the core pharmaceutical distribution facilities within our Pharma segment (“distribution facilities”). The LIFO impact on the consolidated statements of earnings depends on pharmaceutical manufacturer price appreciation or deflation and our fiscal inventory levels, which can be meaningfully influenced by customer buying behavior immediately preceding our fiscal . Historically, prices for branded pharmaceuticals have generally tended to rise, resulting in an increase in cost of products sold, whereas prices for generic pharmaceuticals generally tend to decline, resulting in a decrease in cost of products sold. Using LIFO, if there is a decrease in inventory levels that have experienced pharmaceutical price appreciation, the result generally will be a decrease in future cost of products sold as our older inventory is held at a lower cost. Conversely, if there is a decrease in inventory levels that have experienced a pharmaceutical price decline, the result generally will be an increase in future cost of products sold as our older inventory is held at a higher cost. We believe that the average cost method of inventory valuation provides a reasonable approximation of the current cost of replacing inventory within these distribution facilities. As such, the LIFO reserve is the difference between (a) inventory at the lower of LIFO cost or market and (b) inventory at replacement cost determined using the average cost method of inventory valuation. At June 30, 2026 and 2025, respectively, inventories valued at LIFO cost were significantly in excess of the average cost value. We do not record inventories in excess of replacement cost. As such, we did not the value of our inventory from average cost to LIFO cost at June 30, 2026 or 2025. FIFO Inventory Our remaining inventory, including inventory in our GMPD segment and certain inventory in our Pharma segment, that is not valued at the lower of LIFO cost or market is stated at the lower of cost, using the , ("FIFO") method, or net realizable value. We reserve for the lower of cost or net realizable value using the estimated selling prices and estimated sales demand in the ordinary course of business, less reasonably predictable costs of completion, disposal, and transportation. Our estimates for selling prices and demand are inherently uncertain and if our assumptions decline in the future, additional inventory reserves may be required. 16 Cardinal Health | Fiscal 2026 Form 10-K MD&A Critical Accounting Policies and Sensitive Accounting Estimates Excess and Obsolete Inventory We reserve for inventory obsolescence using estimates based on historical experience, historical and projected sales trends, specific categories of inventory, age and expiration dates of inventory, and manufacturer return policies. Inventories presented in the consolidated balance sheets are net of reserves for excess and obsolete inventory which were $107 million and $132 million at June 30, 2026 and 2025, respectively. If actual conditions are less favorable than our assumptions, additional inventory reserves may be required. Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets Purchased goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite lives are tested for impairment annually or when indicators of impairment exist. Goodwill impairment testing involves a comparison of the estimated fair value of reporting units to the respective carrying amount, which may be performed utilizing either a qualitative or quantitative assessment. Qualitative factors are first assessed to determine if it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. There is an option to bypass the qualitative assessment for any reporting unit in any period and proceed directly to performing the quantitative goodwill impairment test. We have elected to bypass the qualitative assessment for the annual goodwill impairment test in the current year. The quantitative goodwill impairment test involves a comparison of the estimated fair value of the reporting unit to the respective carrying amount. A reporting unit is defined as an operating segment or one level below an operating segment (also known as a component). As of June 30, 2026, our reporting units are: Pharmaceutical and Specialty Solutions (excluding Navista & ION, and The Specialty Alliance), Navista & ION, The Specialty Alliance, GMPD, Nuclear and Precision Health Solutions, Solutions, and OptiFreight® Logistics. Goodwill impairment testing involves judgment, including the identification of reporting units, qualitative evaluation of events and circumstances to determine if it is more likely than not that an impairment exists, and, if necessary, the estimation of the fair value of the applicable reporting unit. Estimating the fair value of reporting units requires the use of assumptions and significant judgments that are based on a number of factors including actual operating results. The use of alternate estimates and assumptions, changes in the industry or peer groups, or changes in weightings assigned to the discounted cash flow method, guideline public company method, or guideline transaction method could materially affect the determination of fair value for each reporting unit and potentially result in goodwill impairment. If a reporting unit fails to achieve expected earnings or operating cash flow, or otherwise fails to meet current financial plans, or if there were changes to any other key assumptions used in the tests, the reporting unit could incur a goodwill impairment in a future period. We performed annual impairment testing in fiscal 2026, 2025, and 2024 for our reporting units, as applicable, which included Navista & ION starting in fiscal 2025 and The Specialty Alliance in fiscal 2026. We concluded that there were no impairments of goodwill for our reporting units, excluding Navista & ION and GMPD, as the estimated fair value of each reporting unit exceeded its carrying amount. As described further in Note 2 of the "Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements", the purchase price and assumed fair value of acquisitions is allocated to specific assets, resulting in the carrying amount approximating the fair value as of the acquisition date. Accordingly, we expect minimal excess of estimated fair value over carrying value for recent acquisitions. We will continue to evaluate acquisitions and the related reporting units for indicators of impairment. During fiscal 2024, we recognized goodwill impairment charges related to GMPD of $675 million, which was included in impairments and (gain)/loss on disposal of assets, net in our consolidated statements of earnings. GMPD had no goodwill balance remaining as of March 31, 2024. Navista & ION Goodwill Due to certain reductions in our financial plan assumptions during the three months ended March 31, 2026, we elected to bypass the qualitative assessment and perform quantitative goodwill impairment testing for Navista & ION. Our determination of the estimated fair value of Navista & ION is based on a combination of the approach (using a discount rate of 10.5 percent and a terminal growth rate of 3 percent), and a approach. Additionally, we assigned a weighting of 80 percent to the discounted cash flow method and 20 percent to the guideline public company method. The carrying amount exceeded the estimated fair value, which resulted in a impairment charge of $184 million for Navista & ION, which was recognized during the three months ended March 31, 2026 and is included in impairments and (gain)/loss on disposal of assets, net in our consolidated statements of earnings. The impairment charge was primarily due to changes in the risk profile of the business plans, resulting in an increase in the discount rate. These changes reflect business model updates and base operational performance. The carrying amount of Navista & ION at March 31, 2026 after recognizing the impairment charge was $1.1 billion, of which $909 million was goodwill. See Note 4 of the "Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements" for further discussion. While we consider the assumptions used in our determination of the estimated fair value of Navista & ION to be reasonable and appropriate, they are complex and subjective, and additional Cardinal Health | Fiscal 2026 Form 10-K 17 MD&A Critical Accounting Policies and Sensitive Accounting Estimates adverse changes in one key assumption or a combination of key assumptions may significantly affect future estimates. These assumptions include, among other things, a failure to meet expected earnings or other financial plans, including the execution of new opportunities as a result of the business model change, a decrease in future cash flows, an increase in the discount rate, or a decrease in the terminal growth rate; increases in tax rates; or a significant change in industry or economic trends. Adverse changes in key assumptions may result in a decline in fair value below the carrying amount in the future and therefore, an impairment for Navista & ION goodwill in future periods, which could adversely affect our results of operations. For example, if we were to increase the discount rate by a hypothetical 0.5 percent to 11.0 percent or decrease the terminal growth rate by a hypothetical 1.0 percent to 2.0 percent, the fair value for Navista & ION would have further decreased by approximately $70 million. Other intangibles The impairment test for intangibles other than goodwill (primarily trademarks) involves first assessing qualitative factors to determine if it is more likely than not that the fair value of the intangible asset is less than its carrying amount. If so, then a quantitative test is performed to compare the estimated fair value of the intangible asset to the respective asset's carrying amount. Our qualitative evaluation requires the use of estimates and significant judgments and considers the weight of evidence and significance of all identified events and circumstances and most relevant drivers of fair value, both positive and negative, in determining whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of the intangible asset is less than its carrying amount. See Note 1 of "Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements" for additional information regarding goodwill and other intangible assets. Loss Contingencies and We regularly review contingencies and accruals to determine whether our accruals and related disclosures are adequate. Any adjustments for changes in reserves are recorded in the period in which the change in estimate occurs. Loss Contingencies We accrue for contingencies related to disputes, litigation, and regulatory matters if it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. Because these matters are inherently unpredictable and unfavorable developments or outcomes can occur, assessing contingencies is highly subjective and requires judgments about future events. In connection with the opioid litigation as described further in Note 7 of the “Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements," during fiscal 2024, we reached agreements to settle claims brought by classes of payors and acute care hospitals, and the City of Baltimore. We develop and periodically update reserve estimates for inferior vena cava ("IVC") claims received to date and expected to be received in the future and related costs. In April 2023, we executed a settlement agreement that, if certain conditions are satisfied, will resolve approximately 4,375 IVC filter product liability claims for $275 million. These settlements will not resolve all IVC filter product liability claims and we intend to continue to vigorously defend ourselves in the remaining lawsuits. To project future IVC claim costs, we use a methodology based largely on recent experience, including claim filing rates, blended average payout influenced by claim severity, historical sales data, implant and injury to report lag patterns, and estimated defense costs. At June 30, 2026, we have a total of $29 million accrued for losses and legal defense costs, included in the qualified settlement fund, related to the IVC filter product liability lawsuits in our consolidated balance sheets. We through a insurance subsidiary for employee healthcare, certain product liability matters, auto liability, property and workers' compensation, and maintain insurance for losses exceeding certain limits. accruals include an estimate for expected settlements on pending claims, defense costs, administrative fees, claims adjustment costs, and an estimate for claims incurred but not reported. For certain types of exposures, we develop the estimate of expected ultimate costs to settle each claim based on specific information related to each claim if available. Other estimates are based on an assessment of outstanding claims, historical analysis, and current payment trends. For claims incurred but not reported, the liabilities are calculated and derived in accordance with generally accepted actuarial practices or using an estimated lag period. The amount of loss may differ materially from these estimates. See Note 7 of the “Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements” for additional information regarding loss contingencies and product liability lawsuits. 18 Cardinal Health | Fiscal 2026 Form 10-K MD&A Critical Accounting Policies and Sensitive Accounting Estimates Provision for Income Taxes We account for income taxes using the asset and liability method. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates in the respective jurisdictions in which we operate. Our income tax expense, deferred income tax assets and liabilities, and unrecognized tax benefits reflect management’s assessment of estimated future taxes to be paid on items in the consolidated financial statements. The following table presents information about our tax position at June 30: (in millions) 2026 2025 Total deferred income tax assets (1) $ 1,332 $ 1,230 Valuation allowance for deferred income tax assets (2) (257) (254) Net deferred income tax assets 1,075 976 Total deferred income tax liabilities (3,382) (3,276) Net deferred income tax liability $ (2,307) $ (2,300) (1) Total deferred income tax assets included $426 million and $386 million of loss and tax credit carryforwards at June 30, 2026 and 2025, respectively. (2) The valuation allowance primarily relates to federal, state, and international loss and credit carryforwards for which the ultimate realization of future benefits is uncertain. Expiring or unusable loss and credit carryforwards and the required valuation allowances are adjusted quarterly when it is more likely than not that at least a portion of the respective deferred tax assets will not be realized. After applying the valuation allowances, we do not anticipate any limitations on our use of any of the other net deferred income tax assets described previously. Tax benefits from uncertain tax positions are recognized when it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained upon examination of the technical merits of the position, including resolutions of any related appeals or litigation. The amount recognized is measured as the largest amount of tax benefit that is greater than 50 percent likely of being realized upon settlement. For tax benefits that do not qualify for recognition, we recognize a liability for unrecognized tax benefits. We operate in a complex multinational tax environment and are subject to tax treaty arrangements and transfer pricing guidelines for intercompany transactions that are subject to interpretation. Uncertainty in a tax position may arise as tax laws are subject to interpretation. Tax Effects of Goodwill Impairment Charges During fiscal 2026, we recognized a goodwill impairment charge of $184 million related to the Navista & ION reporting unit within the Pharma segment. During fiscal 2024, we recognized cumulative goodwill impairment charge of $675 million related to the GMPD segment. The net tax benefits related to these charges were $23 million and $58 million for fiscal 2026 and fiscal 2024, respectively. Other Tax Matters We file income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction, various U.S. state jurisdictions, and various foreign jurisdictions. With few exceptions, we are subject to audit by taxing authorities for fiscal years 2015 through the current fiscal year. Tax laws are complex and subject to varying interpretations. New challenges related to future audits may adversely affect our effective tax rate or tax payments. Our assumptions and estimates around uncertain tax positions require significant judgment; the actual amount of tax benefit related to uncertain tax positions may differ from these estimates. See Note 8 of the “Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements” for additional information regarding unrecognized tax benefits. We believe that our estimates for the valuation allowances against deferred tax assets and unrecognized tax benefits are appropriate based on current facts and circumstances. The amount we ultimately pay when matters are resolved may differ from the amounts accrued. Changes in our current estimates due to unanticipated market conditions, tax law changes, or other factors could have a material effect on our ability to utilize deferred tax assets. For a further discussion on Provision for Income Taxes, see Note 8 of the “Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements.” Cardinal Health | Fiscal 2026 Form 10-K 19 Explanation and Reconciliation of Financial Measures Explanation and Reconciliation of Financial Measures This report, including the "Fiscal 2026 Overview" section within MD&A, contains financial measures that are not calculated in accordance with GAAP. In addition to analyzing our business based on financial information prepared in accordance with GAAP, we use these financial measures internally to evaluate our performance, engage in financial and operational planning, and determine incentive compensation because we believe that these measures provide additional perspective on and, in some circumstances are more closely correlated to, the performance of our underlying, ongoing business. We provide these financial measures to investors as supplemental metrics to assist readers in assessing the effects of items and events on our financial and operating results on a basis and in comparing our performance to that of our competitors. However, the financial measures that we use may be calculated differently from, and therefore may not be comparable to, similarly titled measures used by other companies. The financial measures disclosed by us should not be considered a substitute for, or superior to, financial measures calculated in accordance with GAAP, and the financial results calculated in accordance with GAAP and reconciliations to those financial statements set forth below should be carefully evaluated. Exclusions from Financial Measures Management believes it is useful to exclude the following items from the measures presented in this report for its own and for investors’ assessment of the business for the reasons identified below: • LIFO charges and credits are excluded because the factors that drive ("LIFO") inventory charges or credits, such as pharmaceutical manufacturer price appreciation or deflation and inventory levels (which can be meaningfully influenced by customer buying behavior immediately preceding our fiscal ), are largely out of our control and cannot be accurately predicted. The exclusion of LIFO charges and credits from metrics facilitates comparison of our current financial results to our historical financial results and to our peer group companies’ financial results. We did not recognize any LIFO charges or credits during the periods presented. • State opioid assessments related to prior fiscal years is the portion of state assessments for prescription opioid medications that were sold or distributed in periods prior to the period in which the expense is incurred. This portion is excluded from financial measures because it is retrospectively applied to sales in prior fiscal years and inclusion would obscure analysis of the current fiscal year results of our underlying, ongoing business. Additionally, while states' laws may require us to make payments on an ongoing basis, the portion of the assessment related to sales in prior periods are contemplated to be , nonrecurring items. Income from state opioid assessments related to prior fiscal years represents reversals of accruals due to changes in estimates or when the underlying assessments were invalidated by a court or reimbursed by manufacturers. • Shareholder cooperation agreement costs includes costs such as legal, consulting, and other expenses incurred in relation to the agreement (the "Cooperation Agreement") entered into among Elliott Associates, L.P., Elliott International, L.P. (together, "Elliott"), and Cardinal Health. These include costs incurred to negotiate and finalize the Cooperation Agreement and costs incurred by the Business Review Committee of the Board of Directors, formed under this Cooperation Agreement, tasked with undertaking a comprehensive review of our strategy, portfolio, capital allocation framework, and operations. We have excluded these costs from our metrics because they do not occur in or reflect the ordinary course of our ongoing business operations and may obscure analysis of trends and financial performance. The Cooperation Agreement expired in the second quarter of fiscal 2025. • Restructuring and employee severance costs are excluded because they are not part of the ongoing operations of our underlying business and include, but are not limited to, costs related to divestitures, closing and consolidating facilities, changing the way we manufacture or distribute our products, moving manufacturing of a product to another location, changes in production or business process outsourcing or insourcing, employee severance, and realigning operations. • Amortization and other acquisition-related costs , which include transaction costs, integration costs, and changes in the fair value of contingent consideration obligations, are excluded because they are not part of the ongoing operations of our underlying business and to facilitate comparison of our current financial results to our historical financial results and to our peer group companies' financial results. Additionally, costs for amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets and amortization as a result of basis differences in equity method investments are amounts, which are variable in amount and frequency and are significantly impacted by the timing and size of acquisitions, so their exclusion facilitates comparison of historical, current, and forecasted financial results. We also exclude other acquisition-related costs, which are directly related to an acquisition but do not meet the criteria to be recognized on the acquired entity’s initial balance sheet as part of the purchase price allocation. These costs are also significantly impacted by the timing, complexity, and size of acquisitions. 20 Cardinal Health | Fiscal 2026 Form 10-K Explanation and Reconciliation of Financial Measures • Acquisition-related cash and compensation costs are incurred in connection with contingent cash payments or the issuance of payment awards, which include service requirements, as a part of certain physician practice acquisitions. These costs include fair value adjustments for awards. These costs are excluded because they are unrelated to the underlying operating results of our business and to facilitate comparison of our current financial results to our historical financial results and to our peer group companies’ financial results. In addition, the magnitude of these expenses is significantly impacted by the timing and size of the acquisitions of physician practices. • Impairments and gain or loss on disposal of assets, net are excluded because they do not occur in or reflect the ordinary course of our ongoing business operations and are inherently unpredictable in timing and amount, and in the case of impairments, are amounts, so their exclusion facilitates comparison of historical, current, and forecasted financial results. • Litigation recoveries or charges, net are excluded because they often relate to events that may have occurred in prior or multiple periods, do not occur in or reflect the ordinary course of our business, and are inherently unpredictable in timing and amount. • Impairment of equity interest in Outcomes was incurred in connection with the observed reduction in the estimated fair value of the Outcomes business, of which we hold a 16 percent equity interest. We exclude this impairment from results as impairments of unconsolidated equity investments of this magnitude do not occur in the normal course of our ongoing business operations. This impairment is similar in nature to a gain or loss on the divestiture of a majority interest, which we also exclude from results, including the gain recognized on our initial divestiture of the Outcomes business in fiscal 2024. The exclusion of this impairment from financial measures facilitates comparison of our current financial results to our historical financial results. The tax effect for each of the items listed above is determined using the tax rate and other tax attributes applicable to the item and the jurisdiction(s) in which the item is recorded. The gross, tax, and net impact of each item are presented with our GAAP to reconciliations. Definitions Growth rate calculation: growth rates in this report are determined by dividing the difference between results and results by results. operating earnings: operating earnings excluding (1) LIFO charges/(credits), (2) state opioid assessment related to prior fiscal years, (3) shareholder cooperation agreement costs, (4) restructuring and employee severance, (5) amortization and other acquisition-related costs, (6) acquisition-related cash and compensation costs, (7) impairments and (gain)/loss on disposal of assets, net, and (8) litigation (recoveries)/charges, net. earnings before income taxes: earnings before income taxes excluding (1) LIFO charges/(credits), (2) state opioid assessment related to prior fiscal years, (3) shareholder cooperation agreement costs, (4) restructuring and employee severance, (5) amortization and other acquisition-related costs, (6) acquisition-related cash and compensation costs, (7) impairments and (gain)/loss on disposal of assets, net, (8) litigation (recoveries)/charges, net, and (9) impairment of equity interest in Outcomes. net earnings attributable to interests: net earnings attributable to interests excluding (1) LIFO charges/(credits), (2) state opioid assessment related to prior fiscal years, (3) shareholder cooperation agreement costs, (4) restructuring and employee severance, (5) amortization and other acquisition-related costs, (6) acquisition-related cash and compensation costs, (7) impairments and (gain)/loss on disposal of assets, net, (8) litigation (recoveries)/charges, net, and (9) impairment of equity interest in Outcomes, each net of tax. net earnings attributable to Cardinal Health, Inc.: ne t earnings attributable to Cardinal Health, Inc. excluding (1) LIFO charges/(credits), (2) state opioid assessment related to prior fiscal years, (3) shareholder cooperation agreement costs, (4) restructuring and employee severance, (5) amortization and other acquisition-related costs, (6) acquisition-related cash and compensation costs, (7) impairments and (gain)/loss on disposal of assets, net, (8) litigation (recoveries)/charges, net, and (9) impairment of equity interest in Outcomes, each net of tax. effective tax rate: provision for income taxes adjusted for the tax impacts of (1) LIFO charges/(credits), (2) state opioid assessment related to prior fiscal years, (3) shareholder cooperation agreement costs, (4) restructuring and employee severance, (5) amortization and other acquisition-related costs, (6) acquisition-related cash and compensation costs, (7) impairments and (gain)/loss on disposal of assets, net, (8) litigation (recoveries)/charges, net, and (9) impairment of equity interest in Outcomes, divided by (earnings before income taxes adjusted for the items above). diluted earnings per share attributable to Cardinal Health, Inc.: net earnings attributable to Cardinal Health, Inc. divided by diluted shares outstanding. Cardinal Health | Fiscal 2026 Form 10-K 21 Explanation and Reconciliation of Financial Measures GAAP to Reconciliations (in millions, except per common share amounts) Operating Earnings Operating Earnings Growth Rate Earnings Before Income Taxes Provision for Income Taxes Net (Earnings)/Loss Attributable to Interests Net Earnings (1) Net Earnings (1) Growth Rate Effective Tax Rate Diluted EPS (1) Diluted EPS (1) Growth Rate Fiscal Year 2026 GAAP $ 2,613 15 % $ 2,174 $ 469 $ 9 $ 1,714 10 % 21.6 % $ 7.23 12 % State opioid assessment related to prior fiscal years (17) (17) (4) — (13) (0.05) Restructuring and employee severance 106 106 24 — 82 0.34 Amortization and other acquisition-related costs 469 469 120 — 349 1.47 Acquisition-related cash and compensation costs 287 287 12 — 275 1.16 Impairments and (gain)/loss on disposal of assets, net (2) 177 177 22 (23) 132 0.56 Litigation (recoveries)/charges, net (10) (10) (19) — 9 0.04 Impairment of equity interest in Outcomes (3) — 122 3 — 119 0.50 $ 3,624 30 % $ 3,308 $ 628 $ (13) $ 2,667 34 % 19.0 % $ 11.26 37 % Fiscal Year 2025 GAAP $ 2,275 83 % $ 2,101 $ 532 $ (8) $ 1,561 83 % 25.3 % $ 6.45 87 % Restructuring and employee severance 88 88 21 — 67 0.28 Amortization and other acquisition-related costs 464 464 104 — 360 1.49 Acquisition-related cash and compensation costs 126 126 1 — 125 0.51 Impairments and (gain)/loss on disposal of assets, net 18 18 5 — 13 0.05 Litigation (recoveries)/charges, net (185) (185) (54) — (131) (0.54) $ 2,786 15 % $ 2,612 $ 609 $ (8) $ 1,995 7 % 23.3 % $ 8.24 9 % Fiscal Year 2024 GAAP $ 1,243 65 % $ 1,201 $ 348 $ (1) $ 852 N.M. 28.9 % $ 3.45 N.M. Shareholder cooperation agreement costs 1 1 — — 1 — Restructuring and employee severance 175 175 41 — 134 0.54 Amortization and other acquisition-related costs 284 284 74 — 210 0.85 Impairments and (gain)/loss on disposal of assets, net (4) 634 634 47 — 587 2.38 Litigation (recoveries)/charges, net 78 78 5 — 73 0.30 $ 2,414 16 % $ 2,372 $ 515 $ (1) $ 1,856 21% 21.7 % $ 7.53 29 % (1) Attributable to Cardinal Health, Inc. (2) For fiscal 2026, impairments and (gain)/loss on disposals of assets, net includes a goodwill impairment charge of $184 million related to the Navista & ION reporting unit within the Pharma segment. The net tax benefit related to the impairment was $23 million and is included in the annual effective tax rate. The portion of the goodwill impairment charge attributable to noncontrolling interests was $23 million. (3) For fiscal 2026, we recognized a impairment charge of $122 million related to our equity method investment in Outcomes due to an observed reduction in the estimated fair value of the business, which is included in impairment of equity interest in Outcomes in the consolidated statements of earnings. The net tax benefit related to this charge was $3 million and is included in the annual effective tax rate. (4) For fiscal 2024, impairments and (gain)/loss on disposals of assets, net included goodwill impairment charges of $675 million related to the GMPD segment. The net tax benefit related to these charges was $58 million and was included in the annual effective tax rate. The sum of the components and certain computations may reflect rounding adjustments. We apply varying tax rates depending on the item's nature and tax jurisdiction where it is incurred. 22 Cardinal Health | Fiscal 2026 Form 10-K Disclosures about Market Risk Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk We are exposed to cash flow and earnings fluctuations as a result of certain market risks. These market risks primarily relate to foreign exchange, interest rate, and commodity changes. We maintain a hedging program to manage volatility related to some of these market exposures which employs operational, economic, and derivative financial instruments in order to mitigate risk. See Note 1 and Note 10 of the “Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements” for further discussion regarding our use of derivative instruments. Foreign Exchange Rate Sensitivity By the nature of our global operations, we are exposed to cash flow and earnings fluctuations resulting from foreign exchange rate variation. These exposures are transactional and translational in nature. The following foreign currencies represent the principal drivers of our foreign exchange exposure: Canadian dollar, euro, Thai baht, Mexican peso, Chinese renminbi, Australian dollar, British pound, Japanese yen, Philippine peso, Brazilian real, South Korean won, Costa Rican colon, Singapore dollar, Dominican peso, and Indian rupee. We apply a ("VAR") methodology to our transactional and translational exposures. The VAR model is a risk estimation tool and is not intended to represent actual losses in fair value that could be incurred. Transactional Exposure Transactional exposure arises from the purchase and sale of goods and services in currencies other than our functional currency or the functional currency of our subsidiaries. At the end of each fiscal year, we perform sensitivity analyses on our forecasted transactional exposure for the upcoming fiscal year. These analyses include the estimated impact of our hedging program, which is designed to mitigate transactional exposure. Applying a VAR methodology to our transactional exposure and including the impact of our hedging program, the potential maximum loss in earnings for the upcoming fiscal year is estimated to be $15 million, which is based on a horizon and a 95 percent confidence level. Translational Exposure We have exposure related to the translation of financial statements of our foreign operations into U.S. dollars, our functional currency. Applying a VAR methodology to our translational exposure, the potential maximum loss in earnings for the upcoming fiscal year is estimated to be $2 million, which is based on a horizon and a 95 percent confidence level. Interest Rate Sensitivity We are exposed to changes in interest rates primarily as a result of our borrowing and investing activities to maintain liquidity and fund operations. The nature and amount of our and debt can be expected to fluctuate as a result of business requirements, market conditions, and other factors. Our policy is to manage exposures to interest rates using a mix of fixed and floating rate debt as deemed appropriate by management. We utilize interest rate swap instruments to mitigate our exposure to interest rate movements. As part of our risk management program related to our debt, we perform an annual sensitivity analysis on our forecasted exposure to interest rates for the upcoming fiscal year. At June 30, 2026, a hypothetical increase or decrease of 50 basis points in interest rates would result in an increase or decrease in interest expense of $14 million, respectively. We are also exposed to market risk from changes in interest rates related to our cash and cash equivalents, which includes marketable securities that are carried at fair value in the consolidated balance sheets. The fair value o

[truncated]