BETA Close X Johnson Service Group PLC has announced that its 2025 Annual Report and Accounts, along with the Notice of Annual General Meeting, have been made available to shareholders. The report covers the financial year ending 31 December 2025. Shareholders can view these documents on the company's website and have been submitted to the National Storage Mechanism. The Annual General Meeting is scheduled to take place on 7 May 2026 at 11:00 am. Disclaimer* Johnson Service Group PLC 19 March 2026 19 March 2026 TIDM: JSG Johnson Service Group PLC (the "Company") Notice of Annual General Meeting and 2025 Annual Report and Accounts The Company announces that the Company's Annual Report and Accounts for the year ended 31 December 2025 ("2025 Annual Report") and the Notice of Annual General Meeting, including details of how shareholders can appoint a proxy, have today been posted or otherwise made available to shareholders. The 2025 Annual Report and Notice of Annual General Meeting can also be viewed on the Company's website at: https://www.jsg.com/investor-relations/reports-and-accounts/ . Copies of the 2025 Annual Report and Notice of Annual General Meeting have been submitted to the National Storage Mechanism and will shortly be made available for inspection at: http://data.fca.org.uk/#/nsm/nationalstoragemechanism . The Annual General Meeting will be held on 7 May 2026 at 11:00am at the DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel & Spa Chester, Warrington Road, Hoole, Chester, CH2 3PD. Enquiries: Johnson Service Group PLC Christopher Clarkson, General Counsel & Company Secretary Tel: 01928 704 600 LEI: 2138004WZUPWV53KWV11 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Johnson Service Group (JSG) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 9 minutes ago Roadside Real Estate 1 hour ago Taseko Mines Limited NPV (DI) 1 hour ago Taseko Mines Limited NPV (DI) 1 hour ago Xeros Technology Group 1 hour ago Plus500 Ltd (DI) All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and