BETA Close X Johnson Service Group PLC has applied to the London Stock Exchange for the admission of 1,544,110 ordinary shares to the Main Market, expected to become effective on 27 April 2026. These shares are being issued to satisfy the exercise of vested awards under the company's Long-Term Incentive Plans and will rank equally with existing ordinary shares. Disclaimer* Johnson Service Group PLC 21 April 2026 21 April 2026 TIDM: JSG Johnson Service Group PLC ("JSG" or the "Company") Application for admission of shares The Company has made an application to the London Stock Exchange for the admission of 1,544,110 ordinary shares of 10 pence each in the Company (the "Shares" ) to be traded on the Main Market of the London Stock Exchange. The Shares have been issued to satisfy the exercise of vested awards granted under The Johnson Service Group 2018 Long-Term Incentive Plan and The Johnson Service Group 2018 Long-Term Incentive Plan (CSOP Section). The Shares shall rank pari passu in all respects with the Company's existing issued ordinary shares of 10 pence each. It is anticipated that admission of the Shares will become effective on 27 April 2026. Enquiries: Johnson Service Group PLC Christopher Clarkson, General Counsel & Company Secretary Tel: 01928 704 600 LEI: 2138004WZUPWV53KWV11 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Johnson Service Group (JSG) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 9 minutes ago Roadside Real Estate 1 hour ago Taseko Mines Limited NPV (DI) 1 hour ago Taseko Mines Limited NPV (DI) 1 hour ago Xeros Technology Group 1 hour ago Plus500 Ltd (DI) All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and