BETA Close X Johnson Service Group PLC has granted nil cost options under its 2018 Long-Term Incentive Plan to executive directors, with CEO Peter Egan receiving 663,568 options and CFO Ryan Govender receiving 400,092 options, exercisable from May 2029 subject to performance conditions related to total shareholder return relative to the FTSE 250 and cumulative earnings per share of at least 42 pence, with full vesting at 48 pence or upper quartile TSR. These options also include dividend equivalents and are subject to an additional two-year holding period for executive directors post-vesting, with the Remuneration Committee retaining discretion over malus and clawback provisions. Disclaimer* Johnson Service Group PLC 19 May 2026 19 May 2026 TIDM: JSG Johnson Service Group PLC PDMR Shareholding - Grant of Share Options Johnson Service Group PLC (the "Company") announces that, following shareholder approval of the Directors' Remuneration Policy at the Company's Annual General Meeting held on 7 May 2026, which received over 98 per cent votes in favour, on 18 May 2026 it granted nil cost options over ordinary shares of 10 pence each in the Company to certain employees under the Johnson Service Group 2018 Long-Term Incentive Plan ("2018 LTIP Scheme") (the "2026 LTIP Award"). The number of options granted to each of the Executive Directors are as follows: Executive Director Position No. of 2026 LTIP Awards Granted Peter Egan CEO 663,568 Ryan Govender CFO 400,092 The 2026 LTIP Award options may be exercised on or after 18 May 2029, subject to the satisfaction of performance conditions over the three financial years ending 31 December 2028 (the "Performance Period") and are exercisable up to ten years from the date of grant (for participating employees in the United Kingdom) or up to seven years from the date of grant (for participating employees in the Republic of Ireland). The 2026 LTIP Award participants will be entitled to receive dividend equivalents on any 2026 LTIP Award options which vest. Performance Conditions and Vesting In determining the applicable performance conditions, the Remuneration Committee has taken into account the Group's business plan as well as the outlook for the sector, general macroeconomic conditions and, to the extent available, the range of analysts' consensus forecasts for the financial year ending 31 December 2028. Following careful consideration, the Remuneration Committee has agreed two separate performance targets. The specific performance conditions are set out below. Total Shareholder Return 50 per cent of the 2026 LTIP Award will vest by reference to the Company's total shareholder return ("TSR") performance relative to that of the constituents of the FTSE 250 (excluding investment trusts) index (the "Comparator Group") over the Performance Period. None of this element will vest if the Company's TSR positions it below the median of the Comparator Group; one quarter of this element will vest if the Company's TSR is equal to the median of the Comparator Group; and the whole of this element will vest if the Company's TSR is at the upper quartile level or above when compared to the Comparator Group. Where the Company's TSR positions it between the median and upper quartile of the Comparator Group, vesting will be on a straight-line basis between one-quarter and the whole of this element. Cumulative Earnings Per Share The remaining 50 per cent of the 2026 LTIP Award will vest by reference to the Company's cumulative adjusted fully diluted earnings per share from continuing operations ("Cumulative EPS") at the end of the Performance Period. None of this element of the 2026 LTIP Award will vest if Cumulative EPS is less than 42 pence at the end of the Performance Period; one quarter of this element will vest if Cumulative EPS is 42 pence at the end of the Performance Period; and the whole of this element will vest if Cumulative EPS is 48 pence or more at the end of the Performance Period. Where Cumulative EPS is between 42 pence and 48 pence at the end of the Performance Period, vesting will be on a straight-line basis between one-quarter and the whole of this element. Further Holding Period For Executive Directors, the 2026 LTIP Award is subject to an additional holding period of two years from the date on which the 2026 LTIP Award vests (the "Holding Period"). During the Holding Period, holders of the Executive Directors' 2026 LTIP Awards may not normally dispose of any shares that vest, except in certain limited circumstances specified in the rules of the 2018 LTIP Scheme, including, amongst other things, to cover any income tax or social security contributions arising on the exercise of the Executive Directors' 2026 LTIP Awards and transfers to the award holder's spouse or civil partner. Malus, Clawback and Remuneration Committee Discretion The 2026 LTIP Award will be subject to the 2018 LTIP Scheme rules. In line with its Remuneration Policy, the Remuneration Committee can apply malus and clawback provisions to the 2026 LTIP Award and has discretion to vary formulaic outturns where they do not reflect underlying performance or are inappropriate in the context of unexpected or unforeseen circumstances. Enquiries: Johnson Service Group PLC Peter Egan, CEO Ryan Govender, CFO Tel: 01928 704 600 Investec Bank Plc David Flin Virginia Bull Tom Brookhouse Tel: 020 7597 5970 Camarco (Financial PR) Ginny Pulbrook Letaba Rimell Tel: 020 3757 4992 / 4981 LEI: 2138004WZUPWV53KWV11 Notification and public disclosure of transactions by persons discharging managerial responsibilities and persons closely associated with them 1. Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / person closely associated a) Name Peter Egan 2. Reason for the Notification a) Position / Status Chief Executive Officer / PDMR b) Initial Notification / Amendment Initial notification 3. Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Entity legal name Johnson Service Group PLC b) Entity LEI 2138004WZUPWV53KWV11 4. Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the securities Identification code Options over ordinary shares of 10 pence each GB0004762810 b) Nature of the transaction Grant of options c) Individual transaction price(s) and volume(s) Price Volume £nil 663,568 d) Aggregated price and volume Grant of 663,568 options over ordinary shares of 10 pence each at an exercise price of £nil e) Date of the transaction 18 May 2026 f) Place of the transaction Outside of a trading platform Notification and public disclosure of transactions by persons discharging managerial responsibilities and persons closely associated with them 1. Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / person closely associated a) Name Ryan Govender 2. Reason for the Notification a) Position / Status Chief Financial Officer / PDMR b) Initial Notification / Amendment Initial notification 3. Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Entity legal name Johnson Service Group PLC b) Entity LEI 2138004WZUPWV53KWV11 4. Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the securities Identification code Options over ordinary shares of 10 pence each GB0004762810 b) Nature of the transaction Grant of options c) Individual transaction price(s) and volume(s) Price Volume £nil 400,092 d) Aggregated price and volume Grant of 400,092 options over ordinary shares of 10 pence each at an exercise price of £nil e) Date of the transaction 18 May 2026 f) Place of the transaction Outside of a trading platform This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Johnson Service Group (JSG) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 9 minutes ago Roadside Real Estate 1 hour ago Taseko Mines Limited NPV (DI) 1 hour ago Taseko Mines Limited NPV (DI) 1 hour ago Xeros Technology Group 1 hour ago Plus500 Ltd (DI) All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and