BETA Close X Johnson Service Group PLC announced a new £55.0 million share buyback programme, commencing immediately and concluding by 1 March 2027, to reduce share capital. This follows £90.3 million returned to shareholders via buybacks since 2022. The company has significant financial headroom under its £175.0 million revolving credit facility, supporting this prudent capital allocation strategy which balances investment in growth with shareholder returns. Purchases will be made on the open market and cancelled, with trading decisions made independently by Investec Bank plc. Disclaimer* Johnson Service Group PLC 07 May 2026 7 May 2026 TIDM: JSG Johnson Service Group PLC ("JSG", the "Company" or the "Group") Commencement of Share Buyback Programme On 7 May 2026, in its AGM Statement (the "AGM Statement"), the Company announced that, in addition to the £90.3 million returned to Shareholders through share buybacks since 2022, it intends to launch a further £55.0 million share buyback programme (the "Buyback Programme"). Pursuant to the Buyback Programme, the Company has today entered into a non-discretionary instruction with Investec Bank plc to purchase up to £55.0 million (excluding expenses) of the Company's Ordinary Shares of 10 pence each (the "Shares") and to make trading decisions under the Buyback Programme independently of the Company in accordance with certain pre-set parameters. The Buyback Programme will commence today and end no later than 1 March 2027. As set out in the AGM Statement, the Company employs a disciplined approach to investment, returns and capital efficiency to deliver sustainable compounding growth whilst maintaining a strong balance sheet. Having taken into consideration recent investments, acquisitions, share buybacks and the payment of a final dividend for the financial year ended 31 December 2025, the Group has significant headroom under its recently refinanced and increased £175.0 million committed revolving credit facility (with a further £50.0 million accordion option, subject to lender consent). Accordingly, the Board considers the Buyback Programme to be prudent, reflecting the Group's cash generative ability and consistent with its capital allocation policy, and will continue to actively review its options on capital allocation, evaluating the balance between investment in our acquisition strategy, organic growth ambitions and returns to Shareholders. The purpose of the Buyback Programme is to reduce the share capital of the Company. As such, the Company will cancel any Shares purchased. Any purchase of Shares under the Buyback Programme will take place in open market transactions and may be made from time to time depending on market conditions, share price and trading volumes. The Buyback Programme will be effected under the general authority to repurchase Ordinary Shares granted by the Company's Shareholders at the Company's 2025 annual general meeting (and subject to renewed authority at the Company's 2026 annual general meeting) and in accordance with Chapter 9 of the UK Financial Conduct Authority's Listing Rules, and Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 and Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2016/1052 (both as they form part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018), including where relevant pursuant to the UK Market Abuse Regulation. Any purchase of Shares pursuant to the Buyback Programme will be announced by no later than the end of the 7 th daily market session following the calendar day on which such transaction occurred. Enquiries: Johnson Service Group PLC Peter Egan, CEO Ryan Govender, CFO Tel: 01928 704 600 Investec Investment Banking David Flin Virginia Bull Tom Brookhouse Tel: 020 7597 5970 Camarco (Financial PR) Ginny Pulbrook Letaba Rimell Tel: 020 3757 4992 / 4981 Company LEI: 2138004WZUPWV53KWV11 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Johnson Service Group (JSG) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 9 minutes ago Roadside Real Estate 1 hour ago Taseko Mines Limited NPV (DI) 1 hour ago Taseko Mines Limited NPV (DI) 1 hour ago Xeros Technology Group 1 hour ago Plus500 Ltd (DI) All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and