BETA Close X Johnson Service Group PLC has announced that its Preliminary Results for the year ended 31 December 2025 will be released on Tuesday, 3 March 2026. The company, a prominent textile services provider in the UK and Ireland, will host a sell-side analyst presentation on the same day, with presentation materials and a recording to be made available on the Group's website. Disclaimer* Johnson Service Group PLC 06 February 2026 6 February 2026 TIDM: JSG Johnson Service Group PLC ("JSG" or "the Group" or "the Company") Notice of Preliminary Results JSG, a leading textile services provider in the United Kingdom and the Republic of Ireland, will announce its Preliminary Results for the year ended 31 December 2025 on Tuesday, 3 March 2026. The Company will be holding a sell ‑ side analyst presentation on the day of the Preliminary Results and a copy of the presentation, together with a recording of the meeting, will be available on the Group's website ( www.jsg.com ) following the meeting. For further information, please contact Camarco at JSG@camarco.co.uk . Enquiries: Johnson Service Group PLC Tel: 01928 704 600 Peter Egan, CEO Ryan Govender, CFO Investec Investment Banking Tel: 020 7597 5970 David Flin Virginia Bull William Brinkley Camarco (Financial PR) Tel: 020 3757 4981/4992 Ginny Pulbrook Letaba Rimell This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Johnson Service Group (JSG) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 8 hours ago RIT Capital Partners 8 hours ago Buccaneer Energy PLC 9 hours ago Oxford Nanopore Technologies 9 hours ago XP Factory 9 hours ago Genuit Group All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and