BETA Close X Johnson Service Group PLC announced a £55.0 million share buyback programme alongside its AGM, following a 1.4% revenue increase to £123.0 million in the first quarter, driven by strong Workwear performance. While HORECA revenue saw a slight decline of 0.6%, the company is managing cost inflation through productivity and capital investment, with significant energy costs fixed for 2026 and 2027. A £175.0 million revolving credit facility has been refinanced, maturing in April 2030, and net debt was £161.9 million at the end of March 2026, expected to rise to approximately £195.0 million by June 2026 due to the buyback and capital expenditure. The Group anticipates continued progress and margin improvement, targeting an adjusted operating margin of at least 14.0% in 2026. Disclaimer* Johnson Service Group PLC 07 May 2026 7 May 2026 TIDM: JSG Johnson Service Group PLC ("JSG" or "the Group") AGM Statement Launch of £55.0 million Share Buyback Programme Ahead of its Annual General Meeting to be held later today, JSG, a leading textile services provider in the UK and Republic of Ireland, provides the following update: Current Trading Group revenue in the first three months of the year increased by 1.4% to £123.0 million (2025: £121.4 million), with organic revenue growth contributing 0.7%. Within Workwear, organic revenue growth of 3.9% in the first quarter reflects encouraging sales momentum, to both new and existing customers, and the implementation of price increases. HORECA organic revenue softened slightly to (0.6%) in the first quarter. As previously highlighted, price increases and contract renewals remain challenging and, alongside the ongoing regional and sector variations experienced in 2025, we continue to see some market churn, particularly within the independent hotel and restaurant sector. Cost Management We have continued to proactively manage ongoing cost inflation pressures, particularly in relation to labour, through a combination of resource management to maximise productivity, price increases and capital investment, focused on delivery of improved operational efficiencies and lower energy usage. In relation to energy, we continued to forward fix prices on a rolling basis in-line with our policy. This provides a high degree of certainty over energy costs for the coming months and means that they do not immediately reflect increases, or reductions, in spot prices. For 2026, we have fixed approximately 85% of our anticipated electricity usage, 90% of our anticipated gas usage and hedged some 70% of our anticipated diesel requirement. Looking ahead to 2027, we have fixed approximately 60% and 70% of our anticipated electricity and gas usage, respectively, and will lock-in further prices as opportunities allow. Financing We have completed the refinance of our committed revolving credit facility, increasing it from £135.0 million to £175.0 million with, subject to lender consent, a further £50.0 million accordion option. The new facility matures in April 2030, with an option to extend for a further year with lender consent. Bank covenants remain unchanged, comprising leverage (net debt to adjusted EBITDA) of less than three times and interest cover of at least four times. The margin on the refinanced facility remains linked to our leverage covenant and has reduced to a range of 1.30% to 2.30% over the relevant SONIA or EURIBOR rate, as applicable. The current margin is 1.30%. Capital Structure and Share Buyback The Group's medium to long-term intention is to maintain a capital structure such that we target leverage of 1.0x - 1.5x, other than for short-term specific exceptions. Under this framework, our capital allocation policy remains unchanged and takes into account: maintaining a strong balance sheet; investing in our estate to increase efficiency; appropriate accretive acquisitions; upholding a progressive dividend policy; and, to the extent that there remains surplus cash, distributing it to Shareholders. Accordingly, the Board is pleased to confirm that, in addition to the £90.3 million returned to Shareholders through share buybacks since 2022, it intends to launch a further £55.0 million share buyback programme. Further details of the programme will be announced separately today. The Board will continue to actively review its options on capital allocation , evaluating the balance between investing in our acquisition strategy, organic growth ambitions and returns to Shareholders. Balance Sheet Net debt, including IFRS 16 liabilities, was £161.9 million at the end of March 2026 (December 2025: £159.2 million) and is expected to increase to some £195.0 million at June 2026, reflective of the timing of dividend payments, the share buyback programme that will be announced separately today, working capital movements and capital expenditure, with leverage towards the lower end of our target range. Leverage at the year-end is expected to be similar to June 2026, reflective of the Group's increased cash generation in the second half of the year, which is typically higher than in the first half as a result of summer trading, being offset by the impact of the share buyback programme. Outlook We have a well invested business with a strong balance sheet and a highly cash generative model, allowing us to capitalise on further earnings enhancing opportunities as they arise. We have yet to see any material impact of the ongoing geopolitical uncertainty in the Middle East, the intensity or duration of which we are unable to predict. Given what we know currently, we expect any cost consequences in 2026 to be manageable. Whilst HORECA has experienced a slower start to the year in a challenging market environment, we expect normal seasonality to support improved volumes over the summer months. The Board continues to expect to deliver another year of progress and margin improvement and, therefore, we remain on track towards achieving our targeted adjusted operating margin of at least 14.0% in 2026. Enquiries: Johnson Service Group PLC Peter Egan, CEO Ryan Govender, CFO Tel: 01928 704 600 Investec Investment Banking David Flin Virginia Bull Tom Brookhouse Tel: 020 7597 5970 Camarco (Financial PR) Ginny Pulbrook Letaba Rimell Tel: 020 3757 4992 / 4981 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Johnson Service Group (JSG) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 9 minutes ago Roadside Real Estate 1 hour ago Taseko Mines Limited NPV (DI) 1 hour ago Taseko Mines Limited NPV (DI) 1 hour ago Xeros Technology Group 1 hour ago Plus500 Ltd (DI) All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and