BETA Close X Johnson Service Group PLC has announced that as of August 28, 2026, its issued share capital comprises 361,764,546 ordinary shares, each with one voting right, and there are no shares held in treasury. This brings the total number of voting rights to 361,764,546, which shareholders can use as a denominator for calculating their notification obligations under the FCA's Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rules. Disclaimer* Johnson Service Group PLC 01 September 2026 1 September Johnson Service Group PLC ("JSG" or the "Company") Voting Rights and Capital In accordance with rule 5.6.1R of the Financial Conduct Authority's ("FCA") Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rules, the Company hereby gives notification of the following: As at the close of business on 28 August 2026, the Company's issued share capital consists of 361 ,764,546 ordinary shares of 10 pence each, with each share carrying the right to one vote. There are no shares held in treasury. Therefore, the total number of voting rights in the Company as at 28 August 2026 is 361,764,546 . The above figure may be used by shareholders as the denominator for the calculations by which they will determine whether they are required to notify their interest in or a change to their interest in the Company under the FCA's Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rules. ENQUIRIES Peter Egan, CEO Ryan Govender, CFO Tel: 01928 704 600 LEI: 2138004WZUPWV53KWV11 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Johnson Service Group (JSG) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 51 minutes ago Staffline Group 1 hour ago Shell 1 hour ago Genedrive 1 hour ago Avacta Group 1 hour ago South32 Limited (DI) All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and