ANNUAL REPORT
& ACCOUNTS

Registered No: 523335

*A82IVICQ*
0:
MP;

oe

2018

ANNUAL REPORT
& ACCOUNTS

JOHNSON

Service Group PLC

Strategic Report

Group Overview and Highlights

Strategic Review

Chairman's Statement

Chief Executive's Operating Review
Financial Review

Corporate Social Responsibility Statement

Principal Risks and Uncertainties

Group Financial
Statements

68

74

75

76

Independent Auditors’ Report
Consolidated Income Statement

Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive
Income

Consolidated Statement of Changes in
Shareholders’ Equity

Consolidated Balance Sheet
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
Statement of Significant Accounting Policies

Notes to the Consolidated Financial
Statements

Corporate
Governance

38
38
3,
2
54
se

Board of Directors

Directors’ Report

Directors’ Responsibilities Statement
Corporate Governance Report

Audit Committee Report
Nomination Committee Report

Board Report on Remuneration

Company Financial
Statements

124

Company Statement of Comprehensive Income

Company Statement of Changes in
Shareholders’ Equity

Company Balance Sheet
Company Statement of Cash Flows
Statement of Significant Accounting Policies

Notes to the Company Financial Statements

Shareholder
Information

139 Financial Calendar

146 Directors and Advisors

03

04

Strategic
Report

06

08

28

1

Group Overview and Highlights

Strategic Review

Chairman's Statement

Chief Executive's Operating Review
Financial Review

Corporate Social Responsibility Statement

Principal Risks and Uncertainties

ADJUSTED
OPERATING PROFIT

46.0m

Increased from £43.3m in 2017

05

06

Group Overview and Highlights

We continue to
pursue our clear and

focused strategy South West
Laundry

Planned
new high Organic
volume linen revenue
plant in Leeds growth
on track of 7.8%
Significant
ongoing
investment in
our processing
facilities
Continued
focus on
delivering
service
excellence

FULL YEAR DIVIDEND

increased 10.7% to

3.1 pence

(2017: 2.8 pence)

OPERATIONAL HIGHLIGHTS

REVENUE

ORGANIC REVENUE GROWTH!

£321.1m
10.4%

2017

2018

Increased to £321.1m (2017: £290.9m)

ADJUSTED OPERATING PROFIT?

£46.0m

6.2%

2017

2018

Increased to £46.0m (2017: £43.3m)

ADJUSTED PROFIT BEFORE TAXATION?

78%

2017

2018

Increased to 7.8% (2017: 5.1%)

OPERATING PROFIT

£36.6M
5.2%

2017

2018

Increased to £36.6m (2017: £34.8m)

PROFIT BEFORE TAXATION

£42.5m
71%

2017
2018

Increased to £42.5m (2017: £39.7m)

ADJUSTED DILUTED EARNINGS PER SHARE?

£33.1m
6.1%

2017

2018

Increased to £33.1m (2017: £31.2m)

DILUTED EARNINGS PER SHARE

9.3 pence
6.9%

2017

2018

Increased to 9.3 pence (2017: 8.7 pence)

Notes

7.2 pence
4.3%

2017

2018

Increased to 7.2 pence (2017: 6.9 pence)

1. Excluding revenue from acquisitions completed in 2018, the full year benefit of acquisitions completed in 2017 and the
one off benefit of some £2.6 million of revenue for work processed in 2017 on behalf of a privately owned laundry whose

plant was out of commission.

2. Before charging £8.8 million (2017: £8.0 million) of amortisation of intangible assets (excluding software amortisation)
and exceptional items of £0.6 million (2017: £0.5 million), all net of relevant toxation.

07

08

Strategic Review

The Strategic Report

The Strategic Report comprises the Group Overview
and Highlights, the Strategic Review, the Chairman's
Statement, the Chief Executive's Operating

Review, the Financial Review, the Corporate Social
Responsibility Statement and the Principal Risks and
Uncertainties.

Principal Activities and Business

Overview

Johnson Service Group PLC (the ‘Company’ is
incorporated and domiciled in the UK, its registered
number is 523335 and the address of its registered
office is Johnson House, Abbots Park, Monks Way,
Preston Brook, Cheshire, WA7 3GH. The Company is a
public limited company and has its primary listing on
the AIM division of the London Stock Exchange.

The Company and its subsidiaries (together, the
'Group’) provide textile rental and related services
across the UK. Our ‘Workwear’ business is the leading
supplier of workwear and protective wear in the UK,
offering these services through the Apparelmaster
brand. Our 'HORECA’ business provides linen services
to the hotel, restaurant and catering markets through
the Stalbridge, South West Laundry, London Linen,
Bourne, Afonwen and PLS brands.

Mission

Targets:

Enable our people and businesses
from

to achieve their true potent
‘a stable financial platform.

Achieve and maintain market
leadership in all areas in which we
have a major focus.

To set the highest ethical and
professional standards at all
times and to operate with
openness, trust, respect and
integrity.

2. To believe in the tolents and
energy of those who work in
our businesses, to encourage
them wherever possible to take
responsibility and to give them
the power to follow through on
the decisions they take.

1. Be recognised as market
leader across all of our brands.

2. Provide leading edge customer
service in all of our businesses

3. Continuously strive to minimise
the environmental impact of
our operations.

4, Increase Total Shareholder
Return (TSR) over the longer
term.

te

Organic
Growth

Operational Cost
Synergies Management
Our
Employees
Strategic ‘Customer
Acquisitions Service

Targeted
Investment

Our Business Model

For some time now, the Board's strategy has been to focus the
Group on our core businesses and to be the UK's market leader
in textile services. The disposal of the Facilities Management
division in August 2013, followed by several strategic acquisitions
of well invested businesses within the HORECA market, together
with the disposal of the Orycleaning business in January 2017,
represent the major steps in achieving this goal

The Group's business model, which supports this strategy and
aims to increase both profitability and shareholder value,
focuses on delivering exceptional customer service across all of
our businesses in order to increase customer satisfaction ond
loyalty and attract new customers.

Like many businesses, we face a number of external cost
pressures, however, our business model seeks to generate
efficiencies in order to offset those pressures and to allow us to

maintain margin over the medium term. Such efficiencies include:

+ _ investing in the latest machinery technology in order to
increase capacity and productivity whilst at the same time
reducing energy costs;

+ taking advantage of operational synergies, for example,
redistributing the processing of customer work across our
estate of 34 plants in order to take advantage of reduced
distribution costs; and

+ diligently managing our cost base.

Key to this is our biggest asset, our highly capable employees,
who are the face of our business. The investment we make

in the training and development of our employees supports
our business model and we seek the views and opinions of
employees, at all levels, to continuously develop the way we
operate such that we support our people and the operations of
the Group.

Our organic revenue growth, the scale it creates and our focus
‘on cost and efficiencies give us a competitive advantage. We
can provide our customers with the best value in terms of quality
‘and cost and this helps drive long term and sustainable organic
revenue growth. In addition to growing organically, we continue
to actively pursue strategic acquisition opportunities and to
identify businesses which broaden our services, geographic
spread and which add value for Shareholders.

Key Performance Indicators (KPIs)

The Group refers to certain KPIs to assess the performance of the
Group as a whole, and of the various businesses. Further details
of the KPIs are set out within the Financial Review.

Viability Statement

For the year ended 31 December 2018, all companies with
2 Premium Listing of equity shares in the UK were required,

under the Listing Rules, to comply with the Financial Reporting
Council's UK Corporate Governance Code (the ‘Code’). The Code is
intended to enhance the quality of information investors receive
‘about the long-term health and strategy of listed companies

and contains a provision requiring the Board to assess the future
prospects, or viability, of the Company and to declare whether it
believes the Company is able to continue to operate and meet its
liabilities, taking into account its current position and principal
risks. The Board is required to assess the Company's viability over
© period greater than 12 months.

10

Strategic Review
Continued >

“The Directors confirm that, based upon
the information and knowledge of which
they can be reasonably expected to be
aware, they have a reasonable expectation
that the Group will be able to continue in
operation and meet its liabilities as they

fall due for a period of not less than

36 months from the balance sheet date”.

Asa company trading on AIM, Johnson Service Group PLC

has not previously been required to comply with the Code,
however, the Board is committed to high standards of corporate
governance, which it considers are critical to business integrity
and to maintaining investors’ trust and, as a result, voluntarily
adopted the Code. During 2018, the AIM Rules for Companies
(the ‘AIM Rules’) were updated such that an AIM listed company,
with effect from 28 September 2018, is now required to provide
“details of a recognised corporate governance code that the
board of Directors of the company hos decided to apply, how the
company complies with that code and, where it departs from its
chosen code, an explanation for the reasons for doing so”. Given
that the Compony hos voluntarily adopted the Code previously,
the Board determined that it remained relevant to continue
adopting the some and has therefore included a viability
statement.

The Board is acutely aware that an understanding of the future
prospects of the Group is of vital importance to all stakeholders
‘and, as such, a statement, on behalf of the Board, is set out below
on the future prospects of the Group.

The Directors confirm that, based upon the information and
knowledge of which they can be reasonably expected to be
aware, they have a reasonable expectation that the Group will
be able to continue in operation and meet its liabilities as they
fall due for a period of not less than 36 months from the balance
sheet date.

Whilst the Directors expect the future prospects of the Group

to extend beyond the 36 month period referred to above, this

period has been selected, for the purpose of this statement, as:

+ itis concurrent with the Group's strategic budgeting process;
it is consistent with the average contract life of key
customers, which provide stable revenue streams, being
approximately 36 months;

+ the Group has committed banking facilities which although
extend slightly beyond this period, to August 2022, will likely

be renewed some six to nine months in advance of that date;
‘ond

projections looking out further than 36 months become
significantly less meaningful in the context of the Group's
operations and markets.

The Directors have o reasonable expectation, having taken into
consideration the principal risks and uncertainties facing the
Group (as set out on pages 28 to 31) and, inter alia, the points set
‘out below, that the trading performance and cash generation of
the Group will not be materially adversely affected within that
time frame, as:

+ the Group has a committed bank facility, with significant
headroom both in terms of covenant compliance and
availability, through to August 2022 which is considered
to be sufficient to meet the Group's current requirements
throughout that period and it is confident of renewing its
facilities in advance of that date;

+ interest rate risk is mitigated through a number of hedging
arrangements which replace floating LIBOR rates with fixed
rates for varying tenors as far out as January 2022, thereby
providing certainty over part of the Group's interest cash
flows; further information is provided within note 20;

+ our diversified customer base, the majority of which have
a formal contract in place with varying expiry dates of up
to five years, provides a secure future income stream whilst
at the same time ensuring that the loss of any single key
customer would not materially impact the Group's future
trading performance and cash flows;

+ the diverse and unrelated nature of the Group's customer
base limits concentration of credit risk;

+ the Group has prepared a three year financial budget which
has been approved by the Board. Prior to approving the
budget the Board reviewed, challenged and stress tested the
financial projections and assumptions contained within the
budget under a wide range of reasonably possible scenarios,

for example, the effect on the Group's trading performance
‘and its ability to generate sufficient cash flows following
either o significant increase in interest rates, a significant
decrease in profitability or a combination of both and were
able to conclude that none of the scenarios indicated a
significant threat to the future prospects of the Group;

+ the Group continuously strives to seek out and invest in plant
‘and equipment that will help drive operational efficiencies;

+ a significant number of the Group's key processing sites are
owned on either a freehold or long leasehold basis thereby
providing security of tenure:

«the wide geographic spread of processing sites mitigates
the effect of a loss of any single processing facility (as
demonstrated during 2016 following serious flooding
damage at one of our Apparelmaster sites) and, furthermore,
‘appropriate insurance cover is in place such that the
increased cost of working following a loss of processing
capacity may, in some circumstances, be recovered; and

+ the Group continuously reviews the adequacy and strength
of its management teams to ensure that appropriate
experience and training is given and develops succession
planning as part of the development programmes for our
people.

Although the Board is confident of the future prospects of the
Group, there remain a number of risks and uncertainties, which
are often beyond the control of the Directors, which could mean
that actual results and events may differ from those budgeted.

Strategic Report Approval

The Strategic Report, outlined on pages 6 to 31, incorporates
the Group Overview and Highlights, the Strategic Review, the
Chairman's Statement, the Chief Executive's Operating Review,
the Financial Review, the Corporate Social Responsibility
Statement and the Principal Risks and Uncertainties.

The Strategic Report was approved by the Board on 4 March
2019 and signed on its behalf by:

Tim Morris
Company Secretory

4 March 2019

11