2020 ANNUAL REPORT
& ACCOUNTS

Johnson Service Group PLC
Registered No: 523335

*AA2CSMOH*
A04 1/04/2021
COMPANIES HOUSE

2020

ANNUAL REPORT
& ACCOUNTS

JOHNSON

Service Group PLC

STRATEGIC
REPORT

Group Overview and Highlights
Chairman's Statement

Strategic Review

Section 172(1) Statement

Chief Executive's Operating Review
Financial Review

Environmental and Social
Responsibility Statement

Principal Risks and Uncertainties

03

CONTENTS
2.

CORPORATE
GOVERNANCE

48
49
54

55
67
77
79

Board of Directors

Directors’ Report

Statement of Directors’ Responsibilities in
Respect of the Financial Statements
Corporate Governance Report

Audit Committee Report

Nomination Committee Report

Directors’ Remuneration Report

4.

COMPANY FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS

166

166

167
168
169

170

Company Statement of Comprehensive
Income

Company Statement of Changes in
Shareholders’ Equity

Company Balance Sheet

Company Statement of Cash Flows
Statement of Significant Accounting
Policies

Notes to the Company Financial
Statements

3.

GROUP FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS

106
N13
13

14

15
16
17
131

Independent Auditors’ Report
Consolidated Income Statement
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive
Income

Consolidated Statement of Changes in
Shareholders’ Equity

Consolidated Balance Sheet

Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
Statement of Significant Accounting Policies
Notes to the Consolidated Financial
Statements

5.

SHAREHOLDER
INFORMATION

179
180
188

Financial Calendar
Notice of Annual General Meeting
Directors and Advisors

STRATEGIC
REPORT

6 Group Overview and Highlights

9 Chairman's Statement

12 Strategic Review

13 Section 172(1) Statement

7 Chief Executive's Operating Review
24 Financial Review

28 Environmental and Social
Responsibility Statement

38 Principal Risks and Uncertainties

05

1BOd3Y DIDBLVAIS "EL SINNODDV 3 LYOd3Y IWANNY 0207

06

GROUP OVERVIEW AND HIGHLIGHTS

2020 was a

challeng

“During 2020, we demonstrated
business to protect the interests
health and safety of our people.

ing year

that we are a strong and resilient organisation as we managed the
of all our stakeholders. At all times, our priority has remained the
We have worked hard to strengthen the long-term prospects of the

business and are well positioned to continue to support our people, customers and the communities
in which we operate to emerge stronger from the COVID-19 pandemic.”

Covid Secure
policies
implemented
across the
business

We remain
a strong
and resilient
organisation

New £10m state of
the art site in Leeds
ready for final
commissioning

Continued We continued
focus to deliver
on cost excellent levels
control of service to
Weareina our customers
rel
strong
financial
position to face
the current
challenges
HORECA plants
primed to react
to customer
Equity demand as
Liquidity placing restrictions ease
strengthened raised
with increased £82.7m
bank facilities
of £175m
The Board

remain confident
in the medium
and long term
growth potential
of the Group

FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS

Measuring
progress

"The Group has responded admirably to unprecedented circumstances. We acted quickly to
control costs, increase our liquidity and strengthen our balance sheet. Whilst this crisis has had a
significant impact on the Group in the short term, we are very confident in our medium and long
term growth prospects. We remain excited about the significant structural growth opportunities,
the potential for further revenue and profit growth, and returns to shareholders over tim:

Notes
1. = “Adjusted EBITDA Margin” is calculated as Adjusted Operating Profit/(Loss) plus the depreciation charge for property, plant and equipment, textile rental

items plus software amortisation and, in 2019 and 2020 only (Following the adoption of IFRS 16, Leases), the depreciation charge for right of use assets, the

aggregate of which is divided by Revenue in each relevant yeor.

2,“ “Adjusted Operating Profit/(Loss)” refers to operating profit/(loss) before amortisation of intongible assets (excluding softwore amortisation) and
exceptional items.

3. “Adjusted Profit/(Loss) Before Toxotion” refers to Adjusted Operating Profit/(Loss) less finance costs.
4, “Adjusted Diluted Earnings/(Loss) per Share" refers to diluted earnings per share colculated based on adjusted profit/(l0ss) after toxation.

07

18Od3e DIDZLVLS "EL SINNODV 3 1LYOd3¥ TWANNVW 0202

“Our response to the crisis was
a testament to the strength of
our culture and the resilience

of our people. We acted swiftly
and responsibly to ensure that
we protected the interests of
all our stakeholders. | would like
to thank all of our people for
their hard work and dedication
during this difficult period.”

CHAIRMAN'S STATEMENT
BY CHAIRMAN, BILL SHANNON

09

180d3Y DIDZAVHIS “t SINNODDV 3 LYOd38 IWNNNV 0207

10

Chairman's Statement

“Subsequent
containment measures
have led to a more
protracted recovery
than perhaps anyone
could have originally
anticipated.”

Dear Shareholder

2020 was o challenging yeor for the Group, with COVID-19 having
@ significant impact on our business. Throughout the pandemic,
our priority has remained the health, safety and wellbeing of
our employees and customers and we continue to manage

the business to protect the interests of all our stakeholders,
including our shareholders, our people, our customers ond the
communities in which we operote.

People and Culture

Our response to the crisis was 0 testoment to the strength of our
culture and the resilience of our people. We acted swiftly and
responsibly to ensure that we protected the interests of all our
stokeholders. | would like to thank oll of our people for their hard
work and dedication during this difficult period.

Financial Results

Following o strong start to the year, the containment measures
introduced by government in March 2020 to limit the spread

of COVID-19 resulted in the closure of a significant proportion
of our customers. Our Workwear business did experience

some softening of demand during the year, however, the
pandemic particularly impacted our HORECA business due to
the UK's hospitality sector being either closed or the subject

of restrictions for the vast mojority of the year. Whilst we

acted quickly to contro! our costs and increase our liquidity,
subsequent containment measures have led to o more
protracted recovery than perhaps anyone could have originally
anticipated. As a result of this dramatic change in the trading
environment our revenue for the year declined by 34.5%. Our
underlying adjusted EBITDA margin reduced from 33.9% in 2019
to 23.3% in 2020. Further details of our operational and financiol
performance can be found on pages 17 to 27,

“Our strengthened

balance sheet means
that we are well
positioned to continue
to invest in the business
to support our long-term

growth prospects.”

Financing, Liquidity and Capital Allocation

In May, following constructive discussions with the Group's three
principol banks, the Group agreed the addition of o £40 million
Accordion facility, which extends the previous committed bank
facilities to £175 million, the initio! £135 million of which matures in
August 2023. The £40 million Accordion runs to May 2022 with the
option for an additional one-year extension.

In June, the Group also raised net proceeds of £82.7 million
from a placing of 73.9 million shares, representing 19.99% of the
issued shore capital, in order to strengthen the bolonce sheet
‘and to ensure we had the obility to quickly act on non-organic
‘opportunities to grow the business in the aftermath of the
pandemic

Our strengthened balance sheet meons thot we are well
positioned to continue to invest in the business to support our
long-term growth prospects. We also continue to preserve cash
where possible and anticipate that there may be opportunities
for us to invest to strengthen our position in the market and
enhance our competitive advantages.

Details of our capital allocation policy are provided on page 26.

Dividends

Whilst the Board recognises the importance of dividends to
Shareholders, this had to be balanced with the impact thot
COVID-19 has had on our business. As previously guided, and in
order to conserve cash resources in response to the pandemic,
the Board does not propose to declare a dividend in respect of
2020. The Board will keep future dividends under review and will
look to reinstate its dividend policy as trading returns to more
normolised levels.

Governance and the Board

Companies today are judged os much by their integrity and
trustworthiness as by their financial performance. One of my key
responsibilities as Chairman is to ensure good governance for
the Group. | have been extremely well supported by the members
of the Boord. With their diverse bockgrounds, they bring balonce
‘ond a wealth of skills and experience to our business that
complements the talents of our management teams across the
Group. | would like to thank all of my Board colleagues for their
support and valuable contributions as we continue to maintain
oversight of the strategic, operational ond compliance risks
across the Group, define our path to success and uphold the high
standards expected of us.

The Group recently announced thot | would be stepping down
as Chairman and a director of the Company at the conclusion

of the 2021 Annual General Meeting in May. Chris Girling, Senior
Independent Director, together with the Nomination Committee,
ted o thorough selection process, and in Jonuary 2021, we
announced the appointment of Jock Lennox os Non-Executive
Director and Chairman Designote. Jock’s significant financial and
commercial experience will broaden the Board's expertise and
will serve the Group well over the yeors ahead.

| would like to thank the Boord ond the rest of the team for their
support during my tenure as Chairman, and prior to that as 0
Non-Executive Director. Johnsons is a fantastic business and it
hos been a privilege to serve as its Chairman. | wish the Group
every success in the future.

Summary and Outlook

The Group has responded admirably to unprecedented
circumstances. During 2020, we demonstrated thot we ore o
strong and resilient organisation os we managed the business to
protect the interests of oll our stakeholders. We acted quickly to
control costs, increase our liquidity and strengthen our balance
sheet.

Whilst this crisis has had o significant impact on the Group in
the short term, we are very confident in our medium and long
term growth prospects. Our existing scale, ability to flex costs
ond focus on operational excellence means that we are well
placed to capitalise on opportunities as markets begin to
recover and we remain excited about the significant structural
growth opportunities, the potential for further revenue and profit
growth, and returns to shareholders over time.

Bill Shannon
Chairman

19 March 2021

1

AYOdIY DIDILVSLS “L SLNNODIV 93 LYOd3Y IWANNY 0Z0Z

12

Strategic Review

The Strategic Report

The Strategic Report comprises the Group Overview
and Highlights, the Chairman's Statement, the
Strategic Review, the Chief Executive's Operating
Review, the Financial Review, the Environmental and
Social Responsibility Statement and the Principal
Risks and Uncertainties.

Principal Activities and Business
Overview

Johnson Service Group PLC (the ‘Company’) is
incorporated and domiciled in the UK, its registered
number is 523335 and the address of its registered
office is Johnson House, Abbots Park, Monks Way,
Preston Brook, Cheshire, WA7 3GH. The Company is o
public limited company and has its primary listing on
the AIM division of the London Stock Exchange.

The Company ond its subsidiaries (together, the
Group’) provide textile rental and related services
‘across the UK. Our 'Workwear' business is the leading
supplier of workwear and protective wear in the

UK, offering these services through the Johnsons.
Workwear brand. Our 'HORECA’ business provides
linen services to the hotel, restaurant and catering
morkets through the Johnsons Hotel Linen brand
(which incorporates Afonwen, Bourne, PLS and Fresh
Linen), the Johnsons Hotel, Restaurant & Catering
Linen brand (which incorporates Stalbridge and
South West Laundry) and the Johnsons Restaurant &
Cotering Linen brand (which incorporates

London Linen).

Mission: — Enable our people ond businesses
to achieve their true potential from
a stable financial platform.

Vision: Achieve and maintain market
teadership in all areas in which we
have o mojor focus.

To set the highest ethicol ond
professional standards ot oll
times and to operate with
openness, trust, respect and
integrity.

2. Tobelieve in the talents ond
energy of those who work in
our businesses, to encourage
them wherever possible to toke
responsibility and to give them
the power to follow through on
the decisions they toke.

Targets: 1. Berecognised os market
leoder across all of our brands.

2. Provide leading edge customer
service in all of our businesses.

3. Continuously strive to minimise
the social and environmentol
impact of our operations.

4, Increase Total Shoreholder
Return (TSR) over the longer
term.

Further information covering the activities of the
business during the year are set out within the
Chairman's Statement and the Chief Executive's
Operating Review.

Our Business Model

The Board's strategy has been to focus the Group on our core
businesses, increase the scole of our business both orgonically
‘ond through targeted strategic acquisitions and to be the UK's
market leader in textile services. Notwithstanding the ongoing
impact of COVID-19, this strategy remains unchanged.

The Group's business model, which supports this strategy ond
aims to increase both profitability and shareholder value,
focuses on delivering exceptional customer service across all of
‘our businesses in order to increase customer satisfaction and
loyalty and attract new customers.

Like many businesses, and porticularly throughout the current
pondemic, we face o number of external cost pressures, however,
in the ordinary course our business model seeks to generate
efficiencies in order to offset those pressures and to allow us

to maintain divisional margin over the medium term. Such
efficiencies include:

+ _ investing in the latest machinery technology in order to
increase capacity and productivity whilst at the same time
reducing energy costs and water consumption;

+ toking advantage of operational synergies, for exomple,
redistributing the processing of customer work across our
estate of plants in order to take advontage of reduced
distribution costs; and

» di

jently managing our cost bose.

Key to this is our biggest osset, our highly capable employees,
who ore the face of our business. The investment we make

in the training and development of our employees supports
our business model and we seek the views and opinions of
employees, at all levels, to continuously develop the woy we
operate such that we support our people and the operations of
the Group.

The scale and geographic coverage of our business, together
with our focus on customer service, cost control and efficiencies,
give us a competitive advantage. We can provide our customers
with the best value in terms of quality and cost and this helps
drive long term and sustainable organic revenue growth

Despite the ongoing impact of COVID-19, we continue to identify
‘opportunities to grow the business organically and actively
pursue strategic acquisition opportunities which will broaden
our services and geographic spread, odd value for Shareholders
‘and consolidate our position as the UK's market leader in textile
services.

Key Performance Indicators (KPIs)

The Group refers to certain KPIs to assess the performance of the
Group os 0 whole, and of the various businesses. Further details
of the KPIs ore set out within the Financial Review.

Section 972(1) Statement - Duty to Promote

the Success of the Company

Section 172(1) of the Companies Act 2006 requires the directors
of a company to act in a way that they consider, in good faith,
would be most likely to promote the success of the company
for the benefit of its members as a whole, and in doing so have
regard (amongst other matters) to:

9) the likely consequences of any decision in the long term;

b) the interests of the company's employees;

©) the need to foster the company’s business relationships with
suppliers, customers and others;

d) the impact of the company’s operations on the community
‘ond the environment;

@) the desirability of the company maintaining a reputation for
high stondards of business conduct; and

f) the need to act fairly as between members of the company.

As part of their induction, o Director is briefed on their duties
and they con access professional advice on these, either from
the Company Secretary or, if they judge it necessary, from an
independent advisor. At least annually, our nominated advisor
(NOMAD) is invited to a Board meeting to provide o training
update on directors’ duties ond ony relevant legislative changes.

13

180d38 DIDFAVNAS *L SINNODDV 3 LYOd3Y TWANNV 0z0z