SZOZ

JOHNSON

Service Group PLC

Annual Report
& Accounts

fein

2025

ANNUAL REPORT
& ACCOUNTS

Inside
this
report

Strategic
Report

6 Group Overview and Highlights

10 Chair's Statement

12 Strategic Review

16 Our Commitment to Section 172(1)
18 Chief Executive's Operating Review
24 Financial Review

28 Sustainability Statement

50 Principal Risks and Uncertainties

Corporate
Governance

60 Directors and Officers
62 Directors’ Report

69 Statement of Directors’ Responsibilities
in Respect of the Financial Statements

70 Corporate Governance Report
84 Audit Committee Report
” Nomination Committee Report

94 Directors’ Remuneration Report

2 Johnson Service Group PLC 2025 Annual Report & Accounts

Group Financial
Statements

118 Independent Auditor's Report
127 Consolidated Income Statement

128 Consolidated Statement of
Comprehensive Income

129 Consolidated Statement of Changes
in Shareholders’ Equity

130 Consolidated Balance Sheet
131 Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows

132 Statement of Significant Accounting
Policies

144 Notes to the Consolidated Financial
Statements

Company Financial
Statements

178 Company Statement of Changes in
Shareholders’ Equity

179 Company Balance Sheet

180 Statement of Significant Accounting
Policies

182. Notes to the Company Financial
Statements

Shareholder
Information

191 Financial Calendar
192 Notice of Annual General Meeting

204 Directors and Advisors

Group Overview
and Highlights

10

Chair's Statement

12

Strategic Review

16

Our Commitment
to Section 172(1)

18

Chief Executive's
Operating Review

4

24 Financial Review

28 Sustainability
Statement

50 Principal Risks

and Uncertainties

Johnson Service Group PLC 2025 Annual Report & Accounts

Strategic Corporate Group Financial Company Financial Shoreholder
Report Governance Statements Statements Information

GROUP OVERVIEW
AND HIGHLIGHTS

We have a strong balance sheet with

a highly cash generative model, so are
well placed to capitalise on appropriate
opportunities as they arise.

Progressive
dividend
policy

Our employees
are the foundation

of our business,

with a continued
focus on delivering

outstanding

customer service
Margin

improvement on

track for target

of at least 14% in
2026

Latest £55.0m

share buyback
programme We continue to
completed in priomase the
identification
January 2026 of earnings
enhancing
acquisition

Johnson Service Group PLC 2025 Annual Report & Accounts

opportunities

Corporate

Strategic
Governance

Report

Opening of
new HORECA
site in Crawley

Strong balance
sheet and cash
generation with
capacity for further
investment

“We have entered 2026 as

a strongly invested business
with a resilient business
model and a proven ability to
navigate periods of economic

uncertainty."

Shoreholder

Company Financial
Information

Group Financial
Statements

Statements

Successful
transition from
AIM to the Main

Market of the
London Stock
Exchange

Productivity
improvements,
as a result of our
ongoing targeted
investment in the
business, helped to
offset cost inflation

The Board
remains
confident about
the growth
opportunities
available to the
Group

GROUP OVERVIEW
AND HIGHLIGHTS

Repositioned as a Dedicated Textile
Services Provider

Revenue previously derived from three distinct
sources...now derived from one focused business

8 Johnson Service Group PLC 2025 Annual Report & Accounts

Strategic Corporate Group Financial Company Financial Shoreholder
Report Governance Statements Stotements Information

Group Overview and Highlights

Price increases, together with productivity improvements
as a result of our ongoing targeted investment in the
business, helped to offset cost inflation

“Our strong earnings growth and improved margin, in line with market expectations, reflects our
continued focus on operational efficiencies, tight cost control and service excellence.”

Notes

1. Allfigures are from Continuing Operations. 4. ‘Adjusted Diluted Earnings per Shore” refers to diluted earnings per share
2. “Adjusted Operating Profit” refers to operating profit before omortisation of calculated bosed on adjusted profit ofter toxotion and, in 2021, 2022 and 2023.
‘ ‘ol allowances super deduction which offered

19 spend.

3. “Adjusted Profit Before Taxotion” refers to Adjusted Operati
finonee costs.

Chair's Statement

Dear Shareholder

1am pleased to report that the Group has delivered a strong
performance for the financial year ended 31 December 2025,
establishing a solid platform for sustainable, long-term growth.
This outcome reflects the strength and resilience of our business
model, the depth of our operational expertise, the quality of

our relationships with our customers and suppliers, and above
all, the dedication and commitment of our people. Under the
strong and energetic leadership of Peter Egan, our CEO, and the
executive team, our colleagues continue to drive our success.
On behalf of the Board, | extend my sincere appreciation to

all employees for their exceptional contributions, and to our
stakeholders for their continued confidence and support.

A significant milestone, this year, was the Group's successful
transition from AIM to the Equity Shares (Commercial Companies)
Category of the Official List of the Financial Conduct

“Lam pleased to
report that the Group
has delivered a
strong performance
for the financial year
ended 31 December
2025, establishing

a solid platform for
sustainable, long-
term growth.”

Jock Lennox
Chair

10 Johnson Service Group PLC 2025 Annual Report & Accounts

Authority and to trading on London Stock Exchange plc's Main
Market for listed securities, a step that reflects the maturity of
our business ond enhances our profile with a broader base of
investors. In addition, in October 2025, after more than 40 years
with the Group, including 17 years as Chief Financial Officer,
Yvonne Monaghan stepped down from the Board as Chief
Financial Officer ahead of her retirement in February 2026. The
Board is deeply grateful for Yvonne's exceptional dedication
and leadership over many years, which have been instrumental
in strengthening the Group's financial foundations and driving
sustained growth. Yvonne is succeeded by Ryan Govender,
who brings strong experience and capability to the role. We
are delighted to welcome Ryan as Chief Financial Officer and
are confident that his appointment will ensure continuity and
support the Group's next phase of development.

As we enter 2026, the Board remains focused on executing our
growth strategy and seizing the growth opportunities ahead.
We are also pleased to announce that, as part of our succession
planning, Lysanne Gray will join the Board as an Independent
Non-Executive Director with effect from 1 June 2026 and will
succeed Chris Girling as Audit Committee Chair following the
‘announcement of the Group's interim results for the six-month
period ended 30 June 2026, In addition, Nicola Keach, who

has served as on Independent Non-Executive Director of the
Company since June 2022, will succeed Chris Girling as Senior
Independent Director with effect from 1 June 2026.

Financial Results

As explained in the Chief Executive's Operating Review on

poge 18, total revenue for the year to 31 December 2025
increased by 4.3% to £535.4 million (2024: £513.4 million). This
increase delivered an adjusted profit before toxation of

£64.5 million (2024: £54.8 million). This strong performance is the
result of sustained effort across the Group, expertly guided by
the dynamic leadership of the Group's Executive Directors and
their management team. While volatility and macro-economic
uncertainty have remained a constant backdrop, the Group
has continued to focus on meeting the needs of our customers
and supporting our people in line with our purpose. These
foundations position the Group well to create long-term value
for Shareholders, Further details of our operational and financial
performance can be found on pages 18 to 27.

Strategic
Report

Corporate
Governance

Dividend

As determined by our progressive dividend policy. an interim
dividend of 1.6 pence per shore was paid on 4 November 2025.
The Board is pleased to recommend 0 final dividend of 3.2 pence
per share, which reflects the Board's confidence in the prospects
of the business, Together with the interim dividend this takes

the total dividend for the year to 4.8 pence per share and, as the
Board previously committed to do, maintains cover at 2.5 times.

A Strong Capital Base

The Group maintains a strong balance sheet and is well
positioned to continue to invest in the business to support our
long-term growth prospects. The Group's objective is to employ
a disciplined approach to investment, returns and capital
efficiency to deliver sustainable compounding earnings growth
whilst also maintaining a strong balance sheet and increasing
ROCE.

Our capital allocation policy remains unchanged and considers
maintaining a strong balance sheet, ongoing copital investment
in our estate, accretive acquisitions, o progressive dividend
policy and distributing any surplus cosh to Shareholders. Further
details of our capital allocation policy are provided on pages 26
and 27 and further details of the share buyback programmes can
be found on page 27

Share Buyback and Investment
In the period since September 2022, we have undertaken o
number of share buyback programmes returning £90.3 million

to Shareholders, established a presence in the Republic of
Ireland, through the £27.1 million acquisition of Harkglade
Limited, established our Johnsons Luxury Linen business, through
the £5.8 million acquisition of Regency Laundry Limited and

the £20.6 million acquisition of Empire Linen Services Limited,
invested in the opening of o new site in Crawley and undertaken
significant capital investment across many of our other sites.
Even after taking into consideration these investments, the return
of funds to Shareholders, including the payment of dividends,

the Group remains well funded, is highly cash generative and

has significant headroom with respect to its leverage target of
1.0 to 1.5 times, Accordingly, the Board will continue to pursue
investment opportunities, both organic and inorganic, and
actively review its options for further share buybacks throughout
2026.

Governance and the Board

Companies today are rightly judged not only by their financial
performance but also by their integrity and trustworthiness.

As Chair, one of my key responsibilities is to ensure the highest
standards of governance across the Group. | am fortunate to be
strongly supported in this by my fellow Board members and by
our General Counsel & Company Secretary, whose collective skills
and experience complement the talents of our management
teams.

The Board conducted a Board evaluation within the Company
in the final quarter of 2025. Further details of the evaluation are

Group Financial
Statements

‘Company Financial

Statements Information

set out within the Corporate Governance Report on page 81.
The 2025 evaluation concluded that the performance of the
Board and its Committees continued to be effective in dealing
with both day-to-day and ongoing strategic issues and thot the
Board and Committee structure ensured that the governance
requirements of the business were met. Overall, the feedback
from Board members was positive, indicating a desire to
continue the Board's focus in 2026, primarily, on: strategic
development and succession planning; whilst effectively
exploiting the growth opportunities that are available to

the Group; delivering on the Group's sustainability aims; and
continuing to develop and encourage our people.

The Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer engage
regularly with institutional investors to discuss the Group's
strategy and present its financial results. As in previous years,
1 met with a number of our major Shareholders during the

yeor to gain a fuller understanding of their perspectives and
to provide an opportunity for dialogue outside the Company's
normal investor relations programme. | intend to continue this
engagement in 2026.

In 2025, t also led o consultation with major Shareholders in
advance of the Company's proposed transition from AIM to the
Main Morket, This process reflected the Board's commitment to
meaningful Shoreholder engagement and ensured that investor
feedback was carefully considered and informed the Board's
decision to proceed with the transition to the Main Market. We
were pleased to welcome new Shareholders to the register,
replacing those investors whose mandates did not permit
continued investment following the move to the Main Market,
‘and were encouraged by the support of existing Shareholders
who have increased their holdings since the transition.

Sustainability
We strongly believe that embedding a best-in-class
sustainability programme throughout our operations will help
position us as a leader in responding to the challenges faced

by the textile services industry and prove to be a differentiator
for our customers. Following the launch of ‘The Johnsons Way’,
‘our group-wide approach to sustainability, we continue to
make excellent progress, refining and executing our strategy
‘around the four Pillars’ of ‘Our Family’ ‘Our World, ‘Our Integrity’
‘and ‘Our Communities, publishing our fourth Sustainability
Report and achieving a Silver Medal in our inaugural EcoVadis
rating assessment. Further details ore set out in the report on
Sustainability on pages 28 to 49.

Summary and Outlook

Looking ahead, we are confident in the Group's ability to
continue expanding both organically and through disciplined
incremental and strategic acquisitions, driving further revenue
‘and profit growth, enhancing operational efficiency, and
delivering sustainable returns to shareholders. While we remain
mindful of global economic and geopolitical uncertainties, our
scale, strategic focus, and commitment to operational excellence
- supported by ongoing investment in our people - provide a
strong platform for future success. As we move into 2026, whilst
we are mindful of the current economic uncertainty, particularly
the impact of significantly increased labour and premises costs
on some of our end customers, we expect to deliver another year
of growth across the Group.

Jock Lennox
Non-Executive Chair

2.March 2026

Shareholder

"