BETA Close X Johnson Service Group PLC announced that its Non-Executive Chair, Jock Lennox, has been appointed as a Non-Executive Director and Chair Designate of Halfords Group plc, effective September 1, 2026. Lennox will continue in his role as Non-Executive Chair of Johnson Service Group while also assuming the Chair position at Halfords Group plc following its upcoming Annual General Meeting. This announcement is made in accordance with UK Listing Rule 6.4.9R. Disclaimer* Johnson Service Group PLC 25 June 2026 25 June 2026 TIDM: JSG Johnson Service Group PLC (the "Company" or "the Group" or "JSG") Notification in accordance with UK Listing Rule 6.4.9R The Company today announces that Jock Lennox, Non-Executive Chair of the Company, has been appointed as a Non-Executive Director and Chair Designate of Halfords Group plc with effect from 1 September 2026 and will, alongside his continuing role as Non-Executive Chair of JSG, assume the role of Chair of Halfords Group plc following its forthcoming Annual General Meeting. This announcement is made pursuant to Rule 6.4.9R(2) of the UK Listing Rules. ENQUIRIES Peter Egan, CEO Ryan Govender, CFO Tel: 01928 704 600 Investec Bank plc Camarco (Financial PR) David Flin Ginny Pulbrook Virginia Bull Letaba Rimell Tom Brookhouse Tel: 020 7597 5970 Tel: 020 3757 4992/4981 LEI: 2138004WZUPWV53KWV11 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Johnson Service Group (JSG) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 9 minutes ago Roadside Real Estate 1 hour ago Taseko Mines Limited NPV (DI) 1 hour ago Taseko Mines Limited NPV (DI) 1 hour ago Xeros Technology Group 1 hour ago Plus500 Ltd (DI) All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and