BETA Close X Johnson Service Group PLC has announced changes to its board composition, appointing Lysanne Gray as an Independent Non-Executive Director and a member of the Audit, Nomination, and Remuneration Committees, effective immediately. Nicola Keach has been appointed Senior Independent Director, succeeding Chris Girling, who will remain on the board until December 31, 2026. Lysanne Gray is also slated to become Chair of the Audit Committee following the announcement of the Company's interim results for the six-month period ending June 30, 2026. Disclaimer* Johnson Service Group PLC 01 June 2026 1 June 2026 TIDM: JSG Johnson Service Group PLC (the "Company" or "the Group" or "JSG") Appointment of Independent Non-Executive Director Change of Senior Independent Director The Company confirms that, in accordance with the Board's succession plans and as previously announced on 3 March 2026: · Lysanne Gray has today been appointed as an Independent Non-Executive Director of the Company and joins the Audit, Nomination and Remuneration Committees with immediate effect; · Nicola Keach has today been appointed Senior Independent Director, succeeding Chris Girling, with immediate effect. Nicola has served as an Independent Non-Executive Director since 1 June 2022 and is a member of the Audit, Nomination and Remuneration Committees; · Chris Girling will remain an Independent Non-Executive Director and continue as a member of the Audit, Nomination and Remuneration Committees until his retirement from the Board on 31 December 2026; and · Lysanne Gray will succeed Chris Girling as Chair of the Audit Committee following the announcement of the Company's interim results for the six-month period ending 30 June 2026. The disclosures required pursuant to UK Listing Rule 6.4.8R in respect of Lysanne Gray remain unchanged from those set out in the Company's announcement dated 3 March 2026. There is no further information to be disclosed in respect of Lysanne Gray pursuant to UK Listing Rule 6.4.8R (1) to (6), inclusive. ENQUIRIES Peter Egan, Chief Executive Officer Ryan Govender, Chief Financial Officer Tel: 01928 704 600 Investec Bank plc Camarco (Financial PR) David Flin Ginny Pulbrook Virginia Bull Letaba Rimell Tom Brookhouse Tel: 020 7597 5970 Tel: 020 3757 4992/4981 LEI: 2138004WZUPWV53KWV11 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Johnson Service Group (JSG) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 9 minutes ago Roadside Real Estate 1 hour ago Taseko Mines Limited NPV (DI) 1 hour ago Taseko Mines Limited NPV (DI) 1 hour ago Xeros Technology Group 1 hour ago Plus500 Ltd (DI) All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and