BETA Close X CRH plc has filed its Notice of Meeting and Definitive Proxy Statement for the 2026 Annual General Meeting, along with the Notice of Internet Availability of proxy materials and its 2025 Annual Report, with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. These proxy materials are accessible on the SEC's website and CRH's corporate website, and the Definitive Proxy Statement has also been submitted to the U.K. National Storage Mechanism. The Definitive Proxy Statement is expected to be mailed to shareholders requesting paper copies around March 27, 2026. Disclaimer* CRH plc (the “Company”) CRH plc today filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) the following: Notice of Meeting and Definitive Proxy Statement for the 2026 Annual General Meeting of the Company (the "Definitive Proxy Statement"); Notice of internet availability of proxy materials (the "Notice of Internet Availability"); and 2025 Annual Report of the Company for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025 (the "2025 Annual Report") (together, the "Proxy Materials"). The Proxy Materials are available to view on the SEC's website at https://www.sec.gov and the Company's website at https://www.crh.com . The Definitive Proxy Statement has also been submitted to the U.K. National Storage Mechanism and will shortly be available for inspection at: https://data.fca.org.uk/#/nsm/nationalstoragemechanism . The Notice of Internet Availability contains instructions on how to access electronic or paper copies of the Proxy Materials. The Definitive Proxy Statement will shortly be available at https://www.envisionreports.com/CRH and is expected to be mailed to holders of ordinary shares who have requested a paper copy on or around March 27, 2026. Enquiries Contact Neil Colgan Company Secretary Tel: 00 3531 6344340 View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20260327923606/en/ AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies CRH (CDI) (CRH) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 2 days ago British American Tobacco 2 days ago Mitie Group 2 days ago Marks & Spencer Group 2 days ago Hammerson 2 days ago Reckitt Benckiser Group All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and