Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 31 Item 7A Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures a bout Market Risk 50 Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 51 Item 9 Changes in and Disagreements w ith Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 99 Item 9A Controls and Procedures 99 Item 9B Other Information 100 Item 9C Disclosures Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 100 PART III Item 10 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 101 Item 11 Executive Compensation 101 Item 12 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 101 Item 13 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 101 Item 14 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 101 PART IV Item 15 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 102 Item 16 Form 10-K Summary 103 Signatures 104 CRH Form 10-K 4 Statements – Safe Harbor Provisions Under The Private Securities Litigation Reform Act Of 1995 In order to utilize the “Safe Harbor” provisions of the United States Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, CRH is providing the following cautionary statement. This document contains statements that are, or may be deemed to be, statements with respect to the financial condition, results of operations, business, viability and future performance of CRH and certain of the plans and objectives of CRH. These statements may generally, but not always, be identified by the use of words such as “will”, “anticipates”, “should”, “could”, “would”, “targets”, “aims”, “may”, “continues”, “expects”, “is expected to”, “estimates”, “believes”, “intends” or similar expressions. These statements include all matters that are not historical facts or matters of fact at the date of this document. In particular, the following, among other statements, are all in nature: plans and expectations regarding customer demand, pricing, costs, underlying drivers for growth in infrastructure, residential and activity, and macroeconomic and other trends in CRH’s markets, including onshoring, regulatory trends, and investment in technology, clean energy and manufacturing; plans and expectations regarding government funding initiatives and priorities, including the timing and amount of government funding and its effects on CRH’s business; plans and expectations regarding CRH’s strategy, expansionary capital expenditures, competitive advantages, growth opportunities, innovation, research and development and acquisitions and divestitures, including the timing for completion, tax and accounting effects and expected commercial benefits; plans and expectations regarding the outcome of pending legal proceedings and provisions for environmental and remediation costs; plans and expectations regarding the timing and amount of share buybacks and dividends, including the Board’s policy of consistent dividend growth; expectations regarding taxation of U.S. holders of our shares, including applicability of Irish Dividend Withholding Tax (DWT) and Irish stamp duty; expectations regarding the Company’s income tax reserves and returns; plans and expectations regarding equity incentive plans and pension plans; plans and expectations regarding CRH’s balance sheet, capital allocation, financial capacity, accounting policies, cash flows and working capital; expectations regarding CRH’s ability to fund its contractual obligations, maturing debt obligations, capital expenditures, and other liquidity requirements; plans and expectations regarding the Share Option Schemes; plans and expectations regarding CRH’s inclusion on certain equity indices; plans and expectations regarding the effect of existing and future laws, rules and regulations on CRH’s business; plans and expectations regarding human capital initiatives, workplace safety, sustainability and climate change, CRH’s decarbonization targets, sustainability-related initiatives and business opportunities, including investments, and the delivery of and consumer demand for sustainable solutions and products; and plans and expectations regarding the potential impact and evolving nature of risks and CRH’s management of such risks. By their nature, statements involve risk and uncertainty because they relate to events and depend on circumstances that may or may not occur in the future and reflect the Company’s current expectations and assumptions as to such future events and circumstances that may not prove accurate. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any statements. These statements are made as of the date of this document. The Company expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to publicly update or revise these statements other than as required by applicable law. A number of material factors could cause actual results and developments to differ materially from those expressed or implied by these statements, certain of which are beyond our control, and which include, among other factors: economic and financial conditions, including changes in interest rates, inflation, price volatility and/or labor and materials shortages; demand for infrastructure, residential and construction and our products in geographic markets in which we operate; increased competition and its impact on prices and market position; increases in energy, labor and/or other raw materials costs; adverse changes to laws and regulations, including in relation to climate change; the impact of unfavorable weather; investor and/or consumer sentiment regarding the importance of sustainable practices and products; availability of public sector funding for infrastructure programs; political uncertainty, including as a result of political and social conditions in the jurisdictions CRH operates in, or adverse political developments, including the ongoing geopolitical conflicts in Ukraine and the Middle East; failure to complete or successfully integrate acquisitions or make timely divestitures; and exposure of associates, contractors, customers, suppliers and other individuals to health and safety risks, including due to product failures. Additional factors, risks and uncertainties that could cause actual outcomes and results to be materially different from those expressed by the statements in this report including, but not limited to, the risks and uncertainties described herein and in “Risk Factors” in Part 1, Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024 (the ‘Annual Report on Form 10-K’). CRH Form 10-K 5 PART I Item 1. Business Overview CRH is a leading provider of building materials that build, connect and improve our world. In 2024, the Company generated $35.6 billion of revenues, $3.5 billion of net income and $6.9 billion of Adjusted EBITDA*. 1 Since formation in 1970, CRH has evolved from being a supplier of base materials to solving complex construction challenges for our customers. CRH’s differentiated solutions strategy uniquely integrates materials, products and services across the construction value chain, better serving our customers’ needs and driving repeat business while making construction simpler, safer and more sustainable. The Company integrates essential materials (aggregates and cement), building products as well as construction services, to provide our customers with complete connected solutions. CRH’s capabilities, innovation and technical expertise enable it to be a valuable partner for transportation and critical infrastructure projects, complex construction and outdoor living solutions. CRH’s business addresses the needs of customers across infrastructure, and residential construction markets. In 2024, approximately 35% of revenues came from infrastructure (such as highways, streets, roads and bridges), 30% from construction (including construction and maintenance of critical water, energy and telecommunications projects, in addition to manufacturing, commercial, warehouse and data center facilities) and 35% from residential construction. Approximately 60% of revenues came from sales to construction, while 40% of revenues came from repair and remodel activity. Operating in 28 countries, the Company has market leadership positions in North America, Europe and Australia. In 2024, approximately 72% of net income and 74% of Adjusted EBITDA* was generated in North America. The United States is expected to be a key driver of future growth for CRH due to continued economic expansion, a growing population and significant public investment in construction. In 2024, approximately 28% of net income and 26% of Adjusted EBITDA* was generated by our International Division. Our International businesses, which benefit from strong economic and construction growth prospects as well as recurring repair and remodel demand, are an important strategic part of the Company. CRH intends to continue to expand its North American and International operations given significant government support for infrastructure and increasing demand for solutions in major infrastructure and commercial projects. CRH has a proven track record in value creation through acquisition which over the last decade has accounted for approximately 60% of the Company’s growth. We achieve this by acquiring businesses at attractive valuations and creating value by integrating them with our existing operations and generating synergies. The Company takes an active approach to portfolio management and continuously reviews the competitive landscape for attractive investment and divestiture opportunities to deliver further growth and value creation for shareholders. In 2024, CRH completed 40 acquisitions for a total consideration of $5.0 billion compared with $0.7 billion in 2023. The largest acquisition in 2024 was in our Americas Materials Solutions segment where the Company completed the acquisition of a portfolio of cement and readymixed concrete operations and assets in Texas. The Company also completed the acquisition of a majority stake (57%) in the Australian building materials business Adbri Ltd (Adbri) within our International Solutions segment. CRH has a primary listing on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) and an international secondary listing on the London Stock Exchange (LSE) for its ordinary shares, each listing represented by the ticker symbol “CRH”. References to the 'Ordinary Shares' and 'Common Shares' refer to our ordinary shares of €0.32 each. Effective as of January 1, 2025, CRH is a U.S. domestic issuer. Solutions CRH’s strategy integrates building materials, products and services by providing them to customers as complete solutions that solve complex challenges across the built environment . Essential Materials Essential Materials, consisting of aggregates and cement, are the foundation of CRH’s strategy. Our vertically integrated businesses manufacture and supply these materials for use extensively in a wide range of construction applications, ranging from major road and infrastructure projects to the development and refurbishment of commercial buildings, private residences, public spaces and communities. Our deep materials and market knowledge, along with our extensive network of locations and assets, drive our performance and helps us deliver value to our customers. Customers typically range from national, regional and local governments to contractors and other construction product and service providers. Road Solutions CRH is a leading provider of solutions for sustainable road construction in North America and Europe. With our capabilities in manufacturing, installation, maintenance and circularity, we deliver a range of innovative solutions for our customers to better connect our communities, from major public highway infrastructure projects to residential roads, airports and parking lots. As responsible operators considerate of our environmental impact, we optimize the use of recycled materials in our paving services, thereby reducing waste, emissions and energy consumption. Fully integrated with our Essential Materials businesses, we have developed our Road Solutions offering to provide customers with quality, flexibility, speed, expertise and convenience through our deep market knowledge and highly capable team of professionals. Building and Infrastructure Solutions Our Building & Infrastructure Solutions connect, protect and transport critical water, energy and telecommunications infrastructure to help solve complex construction challenges. We integrate design, materials, products and engineering to enable the transition to a more sustainable and resilient built environment. Our products have a particular focus on the built environment where we are a leading provider of infrastructure that connects and protects the critical projects that enhance the daily lives of millions of people. * Represents a measure. See the discussion within ' Reconciliation and Supplementary Information' on pages 40 to 42. 1 CRH Form 10-K 6 Outdoor Living Solutions CRH’s Outdoor Living Solutions integrate specialized materials, products and design features to enhance the quality of private and public spaces. We help our customers in residential and commercial markets create unique outdoor settings by providing solutions for repair, remodel and new construction projects. Our business is closely connected to our customers through a broad geographic network as well as a comprehensive suite of products and services spanning hardscapes, masonry, fencing, railing, packaged lawn and garden products, pool finishes and composite decking. We place a strong focus on anticipating the needs of our customers and constantly strive to exceed their expectations. We do this by continually enhancing our offering through innovation, portfolio expansion and multifaceted collaboration. Innovation and Sustainability We are accelerating investment in innovation to develop a and more sustainable built environment. Through our $250 million Venturing and Innovation Fund we are supporting the development of new technologies and innovative solutions to meet the increasingly complex needs of customers and evolving trends in construction. Our CRH Ventures platform partners with and invests strategically in construction and climate technology across the entire construction value chain, to pilot and scale and innovative technologies. Our ability to replicate and scale our innovation and technical expertise between geographies provides us with opportunities for further growth. Through our Innovation Center for Sustainable Construction (iCSC), we have a global network of experts across our businesses collaborating in the research, development and replication of innovative solutions. Sustainability is deeply embedded in all aspects of our business and sustainability leadership is a key pillar of CRH’s purpose. CRH’s building materials solutions play an important role in shaping a more sustainable built environment and, in 2024, revenues from products with enhanced sustainability attributes 1 was $14.6 billion, an increase of 5% compared with 2023 and an increase of 16% compared with 2022. Our sustainability framework identifies three global challenges for society and the built environment: water, circularity and decarbonization. Our strategy focuses on transforming essential materials into and innovative solutions to address these global challenges. By uniquely integrating our materials, products and services, we are positioned to capture further value and accelerate growth across CRH. • Water: We are advancing solutions to address global water challenges by enhancing flood resilience and improving water management. This includes upgrading water infrastructure, improving wastewater treatment, recharging groundwater and conserving water across the supply chain. • Circularity: We are reimagining the way materials are used to enable a more circular economy. Our efforts include preserving natural resources, recycling and reusing construction and waste materials, facilitating buildings and infrastructure and building more circular supply chains. • Decarbonization: We are developing innovative solutions to support a future. Our goals include reducing our absolute carbon emissions, minimizing operational carbon from our products and creating solutions to facilitate a clean energy transition. In 2024, we continued to enhance our capabilities to meet these challenges through investment in innovative technologies. Two recent examples include our investment in FIDO AI, supporting the development of artificial intelligence leak detection software to accelerate our water infrastructure solutions in North America, as well as our strategic investment partnership with Sublime Systems, a U.S.-based company operating in the field of sustainable cement production. Through these efforts, we continue to develop and deliver innovative, solutions for our customers. By continuing to meet the changing needs of our customers and society, we aim to drive further growth and value creation. In addition, we are striving to create a positive impact on the natural world, helping our people and communities to thrive. We stand out as a responsible business by collaborating to ensure a more sustainable supply chain and embedding responsible conduct at each level throughout our organization. Business Segment Information During the fourth quarter of 2024, the Company’s segments changed to three segments across two divisions. Refer to Note 20 “Segment information” in Item 8. “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” for additional information. Americas Division CRH’s Americas Division comprises two segments: Americas Materials Solutions and Americas Building Solutions. The North American market’s positive fundamentals, including strong population growth and significant public investment in construction, is driving demand for CRH’s connected portfolio of materials, products and services. Over several decades, CRH has established difficult to replicate, leading positions of scale across the United States and Canada. The Division employs approximately 47,400 people at 2,008 locations across 48 states of the United States and seven Canadian provinces. Americas Materials Solutions Americas Materials Solutions provides building materials for the construction and maintenance of public infrastructure and commercial and residential buildings in North America. The primary materials produced by this segment include aggregates, cement, readymixed concrete and asphalt. This segment also provides paving and construction services for customers. In 2024, this segment accounted for approximately 45% of CRH’s total revenues and 54% of Adjusted EBITDA. Approximately 50% of segment revenues came from infrastructure, 30% from construction and 20% from residential construction. construction accounts for approximately 60% of segment revenues while the remaining 40% came from repair and remodel activity. The Americas Materials Solutions segment leverages our benefits of scale, strong market knowledge, deep industry expertise and extensive array of essential materials to implement CRH’s strategy, offering solutions which combine different types of materials, products and services to satisfy multiple customer needs. In turn, this enables CRH to provide a , differentiated experience, saving time and reducing logistical challenges for customers. Through this approach CRH aims to reduce lead times and complexity, deepening relationships, driving repeat business and increasing the share of customer wallet spent on CRH products and services. Vertical integration is a defining characteristic within this segment, enabling us to optimize production throughout the supply chain and to capture greater value. In order to support its operations, the Company has established a network of reserves at quarry locations, predominantly adjacent to urban areas where demand for its materials and products is strongest. 1 Revenues from products with enhanced sustainability attributes is defined as revenues derived from those products that incorporate any, or a combination of: recycled materials; are produced using alternative energy and fuel sources; have a lower carbon footprint as compared to those products using traditional manufacturing processes; and are designed to specifically benefit the environment. CRH Form 10-K 7 Americas Building Solutions Americas Building Solutions manufactures, supplies and delivers , , innovative solutions for the built environment in communities across North America. Products in this segment are highly specified, designed and engineered thereby adding value for the customer. This segment serves complex critical infrastructure (such as water, energy, transportation and telecommunications projects) and outdoor living solutions for enhancing private and public spaces. In 2024, Americas Building Solutions accounted for approximately 20% of CRH’s total revenues and 20% of Adjusted EBITDA . Approximately 65% of segment revenues came from sales to residential, 25% to and 10% to infrastructure markets. Repair and remodel activity accounted for approximately 60% of segment revenues, with the remaining 40% from construction. This segment analyzes market trends, including increasing urbanization, demand for more sustainable construction and evolving customer preferences to devise , effective building product solutions. CRH’s ability to provide solutions which are tailored to the specific requirements of individual customer projects helps to drive competitive advantage and deliver sustainable growth in this segment. International Division CRH’s International Division, which comprises one segment, International Solutions, is a leading provider of integrated building solutions primarily across Europe and Australia. During the fourth quarter of 2024, the former Europe Materials Solutions and Europe Building Solutions segments were combined into this International Solutions segment reflecting how the business is managed. In Eastern Europe and Australia we see potential through strong economic activity, while in Western Europe, CRH’s businesses operate in attractive markets backed by significant public infrastructure spending and region- wide programs that support construction activity. In these regions, CRH is experiencing increasing demand for its solutions offering. The Division employs approximately 32,400 people at 1,808 locations across 27 countries . International Solutions International Solutions integrates building materials, products and services for the construction and renovation of public infrastructure, critical networks, commercial and residential buildings, and outdoor living spaces. CRH has established itself as a leader in its markets, enabling strong value creation through commercial excellence and performance improvement initiatives, while serving growing demand across the construction value chain for innovative and products and services. In 2024, this segment accounted for approximately 35% of CRH’s total revenues and 26% of Adju sted EBITDA. Approximately 35% of segment revenues came from infrastructure, 35% from residential construction, and 30% from construction. construction accounted for approximately 70% of segment revenues, with the remaining 30% from repair and remodel activity. Materials and Products The following materials and products are produced and supplied by CRH’s connected portfolio of businesses. Aggregates Aggregates are naturally occurring mineral deposits such as granite, limestone and sandstone. CRH extracts these deposits and processes them for sale as aggregates products such as crushed stone, sand and gravel. Typically, aggregates are used in road and rail infrastructure, building foundations and in the production of products including concrete and asphalt. Annualized aggregates sales volumes 2 in 2024 for the Americas Division and International Division were 229.8 million tons and 143.1 million tons, respectively. Cement Cement is produced from limestone reserves and is the primary binding agent in the production of concrete products, including readymixed concrete and mortars, which are used extensively throughout the built environment. Annualized cement sales volumes 2 in 2024 for the Americas Division and International Division were 13.9 million tons and 35.7 million tons, respectively. Concrete Concrete is a highly versatile building material, comprised of aggregates bound together with cement and water. Readymixed concrete is the most commonly used form of concrete. It forms the foundations of buildings and homes, roads, tunnels and bridges, water management systems and clean energy structures. While readymixed concrete is supplied to customers for casting, CRH’s infrastructural concrete businesses produce and supply precast and concrete products such as floor and wall elements, beams and vaults, pipes and manholes. These products are delivered to, and assembled at, construction sites where they are used throughout the modern built environment. Annualized readymixed concrete sales volumes 2 in 2024 for the Americas Division and International Division were 17.4 million cubic yards and 21.1 million cubic yards, respectively. Asphalt Asphalt consists of aggregates bound together with bitumen and is widely used as a surface material in roads, bridges, airport runways, sidewalks and other amenities. In recent years, the use of recycled materials in asphalt has increased considerably. Using materials from existing road surfaces to produce new asphalt reduces the demand for virgin material, extends the life of our aggregates reserves and contributes to reducing the carbon footprint of the product. Recycled Asphalt Pavement (RAP) and Recycled Asphalt Shingles (RAS) are used extensively by CRH businesses to produce new asphalt products for road and other surfaces. Annualized asphalt sales volumes 2 in 2024 for the Americas Division and International Division were 52.2 million tons and 10.0 million tons, respectively. Building Products CRH’s strategy of vertical integration utilizes our essential materials to produce a range of building products and solutions. These include the manufacturing of concrete and products such as underground vaults, drainage systems, enclosures and modular precast structures which are typically supplied to the water, energy, telecommunications and railroad markets. CRH also provides a range of engineered steel and anchoring, fixing and connecting solutions for a variety of construction applications. 2 Annualized sales volumes reflect the impact of acquisitions and divestitures during the year and may vary from actual volumes sold. This includes volumes which are used internally (e.g. aggregates supplied internally for cement production). CRH Form 10-K 8 Further, CRH manufactures a variety of concrete masonry, hardscape and related products including pavers, blocks and curbs, retaining walls and slabs. CRH also produces fencing and railing systems, composite decking, lawn and garden products and packaged concrete mixes. These products are supplied to residential, commercial and (DIY) construction markets. Key Trends and Opportunities Key trends affecting the development of CRH's businesses include: • Population growth and urbanization driving increasing demand for construction; • Economic development and further investment in infrastructure, commercial and residential projects; and • Recurring need to repair, maintain and upgrade the built environment as existing buildings and infrastructure age and wear. In addition, there are several trends that are shaping how CRH evolves to meet the needs of its customers: • Unprecedented levels of funding support for critical infrastructure and the onshoring of manufacturing activity; • An evolving regulatory landscape driving increasing customer demand for innovative, connected solutions to deliver a more resilient and sustainable built environment; and • dynamics, such as labor constraints, driving increasing investment in automation, technology and digital solutions. Environmental and Governmental Regulations Our operations in the United States are subject to federal, state and local laws, while our European operations are subject to national environmental laws and regulations stemming primarily from European Union (EU) directives and regulations. Our operations elsewhere are typically subject to both national and local regulatory requirements. Compliance and Costs Compliance with applicable regulations requires capital investment and ongoing expenditures for the operation and maintenance of systems and implementation of improvement programs. These include investments in licensing, permitting and monitoring, waste and water management plans, reductions in air emissions and energy consumption, promotion and protection of biodiversity, education and training, as well as employment of environmental specialists within CRH. These capital investments and expenditures were not material to CRH’s earnings, results of operations or financial condition in 2024 and 2023. Management believes that its current provision for environmental and remediation costs is reasonable and that any potential at its operations and facilities with applicable environmental laws and regulations is not likely to have a material adverse effect on CRH’s operations or financial condition. See Item 3. “Legal Proceedings" and Note 13 “Asset retirement obligations” in Item 8. “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data”. Land and Environmental Management We generally own or lease the real estate on which our main raw materials, aggregates and other minerals are located. As part of our vertically integrated business model, we have established an extensive global network of extractive sites comprised of 1,296 properties, of which 246,058 acres of land are owned and 129,818 acres are leased. These extractive sites provide us with the raw materials to manufacture various primary building materials, such as aggregates, cement, asphalt, readymixed concrete and concrete products. We offer these products directly for sale and integrate them into our downstream products and services. Materials produced by our aggregates and cement businesses, for example, can be supplied to our downstream businesses for use in our Road Solutions, Building & Infrastructure Solutions and Outdoor Living Solutions businesses. Our operations are typically required to comply with government land use plans and zoning requirements. We are required by government authorities to obtain permits to operate certain workplaces, such as quarries, mines, production and distribution facilities, including water rights required to operate many of our sites. The terms and general availability of government permits required to conduct our business influence the scope of our operations on the respective sites. We are also required to obtain permits and adhere to applicable restrictions, often including establishing appropriate environmental management systems, to minimize the risk that necessary permits are revoked, modified or not renewed. CRH is also subject to multiple laws that require the Company, as a mine operator, to reclaim and restore properties after mining activities have ceased. As a result, we are required to record reasonable provisions for such reclamation in our Consolidated Financial Statements. From time to time, we are required by law and/or contractual obligations to investigate and remediate releases of hazardous substances at our manufacturing sites and at sites where hazardous substances from our operations may have been disposed of. Where we have been required to incur such expenses, we are required to record reasonable provisions for such remediation in our Consolidated Financial Statements. The Clean Air Act in the United States and similar laws elsewhere require that certain of our facilities, including our cement plants, obtain and maintain air emissions permits that subject them to pollution control requirements and require for constructing certain facilities. CRH is also required to comply with laws designed to promote biodiversity and protect ecosystems. From time to time, CRH may be required to install additional equipment or technologies to remain in compliance with such environmental regulations. Climate Change We believe the transition to a more sustainable built environment represents a significant commercial opportunity for CRH. We are to support the increased demand for more sustainable products, which is underpinned by robust funding programs and regulatory policies in the geographies in which we operate. In addition, extreme weather events are increasing the need for more infrastructure. CRH Form 10-K 9 CRH has an absolute carbon dioxide (CO 2 ) emissions reduction target of 30% by 2030 (from a 2021 base year) inclusive of organic business growth. The Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi) has validated our targets 3 in line with a 1.5°C trajectory. A significant portion of the actions required to deliver on the 2030 roadmap are based on known technologies, operational excellence programs and activities in which CRH has a proven track record of delivery. CRH’s roadmap includes incremental capital expenditure of approximately $150 million per annum on average, which is subject to strict internal investment criteria and the net business benefit is expected to increase revenues and profitability. In 2024, our Scope 1 and 2 absolute carbon emissions decreased by 4%, from 31.0 million tonnes 4 in 2023 to 29.7 million tonnes in 2024, as we made further progress implementing the key levers in our decarbonization roadmap which offset the impact of an increase in emissions arising from changes in our business portfolio. Our net CO 2 emissions per tonne of cementitious product reduced to 537kg (562kg in 2023). We are also continuing to advance our contribution to the circular economy, preserving scarce natural resources and using more recycled materials in construction. In 2024, we recycled 44.7 million tonnes of and wastes, sourced internally and from other industries, for use as alternative materials and fuels in our products and processes (43.9 million tonnes in 2023). Supply Chain CRH employs a dedicated global purchasing team and its supply chain combines vertical integration as well as external suppliers and service providers to deliver products to customers in various markets. As outlined on page 9, CRH owns or leases the real estate on which its main raw materials are located and has established an extensive global network of quarries. As part of its vertically integrated business model, the raw materials from these quarries are used to manufacture primary building materials, such as aggregates, cement, asphalt, readymixed concrete and concrete products, which are offered directly for sale or integrated into downstream products and services. CRH is a significant purchaser of certain materials and resources important to its business, including cement, bitumen, steel, supplementary cementitious materials and energy supplies, all of which it acquires at market rates. CRH is not dependent on any one source for the supply of these materials and resources, other than in certain jurisdictions with regard to the supply of gas and electricity. CRH also utilizes various external suppliers and service providers throughout its business in addition to its internal supply chains, which enables it to economically source various raw materials, equipment and other inputs and to transport finished product to customers. The Company is committed to establishing a sustainable and resilient supply chain. The Company takes an active approach to monitoring the resilience of its supply chain and ensures that it has access to a satisfactory level of required inputs at all times. Seasonality Activity in the construction industry is dependent to a considerable extent on the seasonal impact of weather on the Company’s operating locations, with periods of higher activity in some markets during spring and summer which may reduce significantly in winter due to inclement conditions and extreme weather events. In addition to impacting demand for our products and services, adverse weather can negatively impact the production processes for a variety of reasons. For example, workers may not be able to work outdoors in sustained high temperatures and heavy rainfall and/or other unfavorable weather conditions. Competitive Environment CRH is a market leader in many of the construction markets it operates in across North America, Europe and Australia. CRH prioritizes investment in markets with attractive fundamentals including population and economic growth, which drive demand for construction. Many of the markets in which CRH operates are highly fragmented, and as a result, CRH products and services face strong competition. The Company’s profits are sensitive to changes in volumes and prices which are impacted from time to time by competitive conditions experienced in different markets. Pricing for products is impacted by macroeconomic conditions, the number of competitors, the degree of utilization of production capacity, the specifics of product demand, innovation and differentiation, among other factors. Fragmented markets continue to offer focused growth opportunities for CRH. Similarly, competitors may seek to expand their existing positions or enter new markets and the Company may experience competition for potential acquisitions identified by CRH management. 3 The SBTi’s Target Validation Team has determined that CRH’s target ambition for Scope 1 and Scope 2, as well as Scope 3 for purchased clinker and cement, is in line with a 1.5°C trajectory. 4 Note all sustainability metrics are presented in metric tonnes. Scope 1, 2 and 3 absolute CO 2 emissions were 47.1 million tonnes in 2024 (44.1 million tonnes in 2023). CRH Form 10-K 10 Intellectual Property and Research & Development CRH relies on a combination of intellectual property laws, confidentiality procedures and contractual provisions to protect its proprietary assets and brands. CRH has registered or applied for registration of trademarks, service marks and internet domain names, both domestically and internationally, where appropriate. CRH engages in ongoing research & development projects to improve existing and develop new technologies that will empower more sustainable forms of construction in the future. The Company’s research initiatives include: • A $250 million Venturing and Innovation Fund to support the development of new technologies and innovative solutions. To date, research initiatives across the Company include hydrogen use, CO 2 mineralization projects, novel cements, artificial intelligence technology and Carbon Capture Usage and Storage (CCUS); • CRH Ventures, the Company’s venture capital arm, invests in, and partners with, construction technology and climate technology companies across the construction value chain to pilot and scale new technologies and innovations that will enable safer, smarter and more sustainable construction; and • iCSC, CRH’s global center of excellence provides expertise and leadership to identify and analyze global market and construction trends and new growth opportunities to maximize the value of sustainable innovation. The iCSC incorporates a global network of laboratories and experts at CRH’s operating companies collaborating to advance research on sustainable building materials and processes, such as cement and concrete. Through these initiatives, CRH is supporting the development of new technologies and innovative solutions to meet the increasingly complex needs of customers and evolving trends in construction. Human Capital Resources People are our priority, and we believe that building a safe and inclusive work environment that empowers and inspires our global workforce is core to our success. In 2024, we employed approximately 79,800 people at 3,816 locations in 28 countries, of which approximately 47,400 were in the Americas Division and 32,400 in the International Division. Some of our businesses are seasonal in nature which results in peaks and troughs in employment numbers across certain sections of our workforce. These changes are managed through fair and flexible hiring practices. Safety and The safety and (including physical and mental health) of our employees, contractors and other stakeholders is embedded in CRH’s values. Our ambition is to have a culture of safety and wellness working towards zero harm, with a target of zero fatalities in any year. The Safety, Environment & Social Responsibility Committee, a Board committee, receives regular reports in relation to safety indicators. CRH invests substantial time, effort and financial resources to comply with applicable regulations and ensure a safe workplace. In 2024, 94% of our locations had zero accidents and we achieved a lost time incident rate of 0.22 based on the number of incidents per 200,000 work hours for employees and contractors globally. We continue to monitor near misses, prioritizing those high potential learning events to achieve our goal of zero harm. We also invest in initiatives and programs across CRH, including training, technologies and our equipment to increase the standard of safety across our operations and reduce risks. CRH further supports our employees through our health and programs providing tools, social support and strategies for physical and mental health. Our mining operations, manufacturing facilities and other operations are subject to a variety of worker health and safety requirements, including laws and regulations administered by the United States’ Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA) and Mine Safety and Health Administration (MSHA) and their and foreign equivalents. Failure to comply with these applicable workplace health and safety requirements can result in sanctions and claims for personal injury and property damage and/or the closure of sites. Employee Engagement Employee engagement is critical in generating insights regarding CRH’s performance culture, training and career development opportunities, safety culture, corporate purpose, initiatives to support inclusion and overall strategy. The Board has delegated responsibility for the management of employee engagement to the Nomination & Corporate Governance Committee. Through employee engagement, we gain a better understanding of what matters most to our employees. We continue to adapt engagement strategies, ways of working and leadership development approaches based on employee feedback. Working with the executive leadership team (Global Leadership Team), CRH develops action plans based on the results of these engagements. The proximity of our senior leaders to daily operations across CRH is a key reason for the Company's continued success and enables dynamic engagement across our operations. We operate both unionized and workplaces. Learning and Development We are focused on creating a global workforce that will drive performance now and for years to come. Learning and development is integral to embedding our culture and values, ensuring compliance with policies and attracting, retaining and developing top talent. We invest in talent development throughout our businesses, empowering our employees across all levels of education and employment to grow their careers through personal and professional development opportunities to ensure we have a pipeline of talent in place for the next generation of leaders at CRH. We continue to roll out our Frontline Leadership Program, which provides leadership development training for frontline supervisors across CRH, advancing the skills of our employees across a range of programs such as management, inclusive leadership and safety. We have also established multiple training and compliance programs to support appropriate conduct, including mandatory annual trainings regarding , and topics. Inclusion and Engagement At CRH, we want to enhance and sustain a culture where fairness, inclusion and belonging are achievable for everyone. The Board and management team are committed to building a respectful and inclusive culture where talented people of all backgrounds have opportunities and can perform at their best. CRH has an engagement strategy which is built on, among other things, a firm commitment to nurture respect and inclusion as a core capability. CRH promoted our inclusion and engagement goals through a range of initiatives and developments in 2024, including the development of new toolkits, forums and supports for our Employee Resource Groups (ERGs). Our ERGs are voluntary, groups, open to all employees including allies. Their aim is to foster an inclusive workplace by strengthening communication, community and employee experience. CRH Form 10-K 11 Available Information The Company maintains an internet address at www.crh.com and makes available free of charge through its website its annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and current reports on Form 8-K, and amendments thereto, if any, filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, which are available as soon as reasonably practicable after CRH files or furnishes such information to the SEC. The Company also posts its proxy statements on its corporate website. Investors may also access such documents via the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov . References in this document to other documents on the CRH website are included only as an aid to their location and are not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K. CRH’s website provides the full text of earnings updates, and copies of presentations to analysts and investors. Further, copies of CRH’s key corporate governance policies and other reports, including its Code of Business Conduct, Sustainability Performance Report and the charters for Committees of the Board, may be found on the CRH website. The Company undertakes no obligation to update any statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K or the documents incorporated by reference herein for revisions or changes after the filing date of this Annual Report on Form 10‐K, other than as required by law. We post on our website news releases, announcements and other statements about our business performance, results of operations and sustainability matters, some of which may contain information that may be deemed material to investors. Additionally, we use our LinkedIn account (www.linkedin.com/company/crh) , as well as our other social media channels from time to time, to post announcements that may contain information that may be deemed material to investors. Our executive officers may use similar social media channels to disclose public information. We encourage investors, the media and others interested in CRH to review the business and financial information we or our executive officers post on our website and the social media channels identified above. Information on CRH’s website or such social media channels does not form part of, and is not incorporated into, this Annual Report on Form 10-K. CRH Form 10-K 12 Item 1A. Risk Factors In addition to the other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, you should carefully consider the following risk factors before investing in our ordinary shares. The risks and uncertainties we describe below are not the only ones we face. Additional risks and uncertainties of which we are not aware or that we currently believe are immaterial may also adversely affect the business, financial condition and results of operations of the Company. If any of the possible events described below were to occur, the business, financial condition and results of operations of the Company could be materially and adversely affected. If that happens, the market price of our ordinary shares could decline, and holders of our ordinary shares could lose all or part of their investment. This Annual Report on Form 10-K also contains statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these statements as a result of various factors, including the risks described below and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Risks Related To Our Industry And Our Business Industry Cyclicality and Economic Conditions CRH’s business depends on construction demand, and construction activity is inherently cyclical and influenced by multiple factors, including global and national economic circumstances (particularly those affecting the infrastructure and construction markets), monetary policy, consumer sentiment, swings in fuel and other input costs, and weather conditions that may, individually or collectively, disrupt outdoor construction activity. Given the nature of our core products, many of which cannot be transported on a basis over long distances, our operations are particularly sensitive to the economic conditions in the local markets in which we operate. In general, economic uncertainty and rising interest rates can exacerbate negative trends in construction activity, including when current and/or prospective customers are unable to obtain credit or issue bonds, which can lead to the postponement, delay and/or cancellation of projects, and an associated negative impact on demand for building materials and related services. With a significant proportion of construction activity undertaken outside (e.g. highway construction), demand for and the utilization of the Company's products and services such as aggregates, asphalt and concrete can be highly seasonal in line with customer demand, and may additionally be impacted by acute and/or chronic changes in global and/or localized weather events/conditions. In addition, CRH may also be negatively impacted by fluctuations in the price of fuel and principal raw materials, which accounted for approximately 10% of total revenues in 2024, compared to 11% in 2023, with no guarantee that the Company will continue to be able to absorb these inflationary pressures. Government Infrastructure Spending CRH’s financial performance may be adversely impacted by reductions or delays in government infrastructure spending. A significant percentage of the Company’s products and/or services is consumed by public infrastructure projects, including the construction of highways and bridges. Accordingly, demand for our products may be impacted by adverse changes in public policy, as well as the financial resources and investment strategy of government bodies in our markets. The allocation of government funding for public infrastructure programs is a key driver for our markets, such as the infrastructure elements of the Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act (IIJA) in the United States, and large European infrastructure initiatives. However, government budget deficits might reduce government infrastructure investment and reduce demand for the Company’s products. Similarly, any significant delay and/or adverse change in investment strategy by policy makers in any of the Company’s key markets could reduce market demand, adversely impacting financial performance. Adverse Geopolitical Change/Environment Adverse public policy, economic, social and political situations in any country in which the Company operates could lead to a number of risks including health and safety risks for the Company's people, a fall in demand for the Company’s products, business interruption, restrictions on repatriation of earnings and/or a loss of plant access. CRH primarily operates across North America, Europe and Australia. The economies of these countries in which we operate are broadly stable. However, they are at varying stages of development, which presents multiple risks and uncertainties that could adversely affect the Company’s operations and financial results. These risks and uncertainties include: • Changes in political, social or economic conditions; • New or strengthened trade protection measures, currency controls or import or export licensing requirements; • Political unrest and currency shocks; • Social activism and civil disturbance, terrorist events or outbreak of armed conflict, among other potential causes; • Labor and procurement practices which contravene ethical considerations and regulatory requirements; • Unexpected changes in regulatory and tax requirements; and • Lockdowns or other restrictions due to public health emergencies, such as pandemics. In addition, CRH has people, assets and operations in Ukraine and neighboring countries, which face physical risk due to the ongoing conflict. The Board and management are actively monitoring the situation in Ukraine, as uncertainty continues to exist due to the ongoing conflict in the region. CRH Form 10-K 13 Health and Safety Performance CRH’s businesses operate in an industry with inherent health and safety risks, including the operation of heavy vehicles, working at height, use of mechanized processes, and handling of substances and materials potentially hazardous to people, animal life and/or the environment. Any failure to ensure safe workplaces could result in a deterioration in CRH’s safety performance and related adverse regulatory action or legal liability. Health and safety incidents could significantly impact CRH’s operational and financial performance, as well as its reputation. CRH’s safety risks extend to sites not wholly within our control, including outdoor paving and construction sites. This environment presents a complex challenge which requires safe behaviors and engagement from employees as well as robust Company policies and procedures. A high number of accidents may pose additional challenges in recruiting new employees, ensuring operational continuity and maintaining licenses and permits. Further, CRH is subject to a broad and stringent range of existing and evolving laws, regulations, standards and best practices with respect to health and safety in each of the jurisdictions in which it operates. Should CRH’s health and safety frameworks, processes and controls fail to comply with such regulations, the Company could be exposed to significant potential legal liabilities and penalties. Any failure resulting in the discharge or release of hazardous substances to the environment (e.g. storage tank leaks, or explosions) could in addition expose CRH to significant liability remediation costs and/or penalties that impact our financial position. In addition, potential issues with products could lead to health, safety and other issues for our broad range of stakeholders including our employees, contractors, customers and communities. The recurrence of and/or similarly disruptive/dangerous pandemics could materially endanger our workers and/or contractors. People Management CRH may not achieve its strategic objectives if it is not successful in attracting, engaging, retaining and developing employees with the required skill sets, planning for leadership succession, developing an engaged and inclusive workforce, and building constructive relationships with collective representation groups. The identification and subsequent assessment, management, development and deployment of talented individuals is of major importance in continuing to deliver on the Company’s strategy and in ensuring that succession planning objectives for key executive roles throughout its international operations are satisfied. As well as ensuring the Company identifies, hires, integrates, engages, develops and promotes talent, the Company must attract and retain a broad workforce representing diversity of thought and perspective and maintain an inclusive working environment. Our ability to achieve these objectives depends on the availability of a pool of workers with the required training and skills, and the attractiveness of our employer value proposition compared with competing employers. The Company operates in a industry and can face frontline labor shortages that impact its ability to produce goods, operate facilities and install products. Additionally, any significant loss of employee resources for a sustained period of time (e.g. due to sickness or a public health emergency) could impact the Company’s ability to maintain operations. The Company must also maintain constructive relationships with the trade/labor unions that represent certain employees under collective agreements. Failure to do so could mean that the Company cannot renegotiate on appropriate terms the relevant collective agreements upon expiration and may face strikes or work stoppages as a consequence. Poor labor relations could create reputational risk for the Company and/or disrupt our businesses, raise costs and reduce revenues and earnings from the affected locations, with potential adverse effects on the results of operations and financial condition of the Company. Strategic Mineral Reserves and Permitting Failure of CRH to maintain access to mineral resources and reserves, plan for reserve depletion and secure or maintain permits for its mining operations may result in operation stoppages, adversely impacting financial performance. Continuity of the cash flows derived from the production and sale of certain building materials depends on satisfactory reserves planning, including appropriate arrangements for their replacement. The high ratio of the aggregates we consume generally makes it uneconomical to transport them over long distances, and accordingly it is important to secure high quality mineral resources local to our markets or adjacent to appropriate logistical hubs (e.g. rail infrastructure). Any failure to adequately plan for reserve depletion, or accurately forecast future growth markets, could lead to a failure to maintain, and/or acquire and develop required sites, especially given long development lead times, and associated operational stoppages that adversely impact financial performance and cash flows. Appropriate reserves are increasingly scarce, and licenses and permits required for operations are also becoming harder to secure (e.g. due to increasing resistance from communities that have expanded around potential attractive reserves). In addition, the Company cannot guarantee that it will continue to satisfy the many terms and conditions under which such licenses and permits are granted and/or renewed. Reserve estimates and projections of production rates of the minerals used in the Company’s products inherently contain numerous assumptions and uncertainties, that, for example, may depend upon geological interpretation, and statistical inferences or assumptions drawn from drilling and sampling analysis. If such interpretations, inferences or assumptions are subsequently proven incorrect and differ materially from actual geological conditions and/or production rates, we may exhaust reserves more quickly than anticipated over the . The failure to plan adequately for current and future extraction and utilization or to ensure ongoing compliance with requirements of issuing authorities could lead to operational disruptions and negatively affect our financial results. For additional information on the Company’s reserves position, see pages 22 to 26. Climate Change and Policy The impact of climate change may adversely affect CRH’s operations and cost base and the stability of markets in which the Company operates. Risks related to climate change that could affect the Company’s operations and financial performance include both physical risks (such as acute and chronic changes in weather) and transitional risks (such as technological development, policy and regulation change and market and economic responses). Risks related to climate change that could affect the Company’s operations and/or financial performance are discussed as follows: Physical Acute weather events such as hurricanes or flooding, and chronic events such as increased precipitation, rising sea levels and/or temperatures may have an adverse effect on the Company’s business and operations. Operational productivity and demand for the Company’s products may be reduced during these weather events leading to reduced financial performance. Changing population demographics and other macro events arising from climate change may also impact demand for our products in significantly affected areas. CRH Form 10-K 14 Transition • Legal and Regulatory: As stakeholder expectations with regard to climate change continue to evolve, and various governmental bodies in our markets propose changes to laws and regulations covering emissions, carbon allowances and taxation, we may be exposed to increased operational, compliance and litigation related risks and costs. Efforts to address climate change through laws and regulations, for example by requiring reductions in emissions of greenhouse gases (GHG) such as CO 2 can create economic risks and uncertainties for the Company’s businesses. Such risks could include the introduction of more extensive carbon emissions caps and associated carbon costs, additional costs of installing equipment to reduce emissions to comply with GHG limits, and higher costs from the imposition of legislative and/or regulatory controls. There is a risk of reduced competitiveness due to any failure of equalization measures to level costs between domestic producers and importers from countries with lower enforced environmental regulations/GHG constraints. • Technology: The Company has publicly set itself carbon emission reduction goals and ambitions, the delivery of which may depend on the rapid advancement of technologies, such as CCUS, that are still in early prototype or development phases. If our assumptions as to technology development timelines and/or our ability to economically access them prove inaccurate, we may be unable to deliver our emissions targets . • Reputational: Any failure to reduce emissions arising from our operations or meet investor and other stakeholder groups’ expectations with regard to emissions reductions may adversely impact the Company's reputation and/or increase the likelihood of associated stakeholder litigation. In addition, the Company may incur materially increased costs related to increases in the cost of carbon, requirements to make further capital investments, reduced access to capital, challenges in retaining and/or attracting talent, local community opposition to operating facilities, and any inability to secure licensing permits. Portfolio Management CRH engages in acquisition and divestiture activity as part of active portfolio management, and this portfolio management activity presents risks around due diligence, execution and integration of assets. Additionally, the Company may be liable for liabilities of companies it has acquired or divested. Failure to efficiently identify and execute deals may limit the Company’s growth potential and impact financial performance. The Company’s acquisition strategy depends on successfully identifying and acquiring suitable assets at prices that satisfy our stringent cash flow and return on investment criteria. The Company may not be able to identify such companies, and, even if identified, may not be able to acquire them because of a variety of factors including the outcome of due diligence processes, the ability to raise required funds on acceptable terms, regulatory approvals (including in certain instances from competition authorities) and competition for transactions from peers and other entities acquiring companies in the building materials sector. In addition, situations may arise where the Company may be liable for the past acts, omissions or liabilities of acquired companies, or may remain liable in cases of divestiture (including for potential environmental liabilities or potential information technology (IT) support). In addition, the Company’s ability to realize the expected benefits from acquisitions depends in part on its ability to integrate businesses. If the Company fails to integrate acquisitions, it may not achieve expected growth synergies or financial, operating or other benefits, and it may incur , impairment charges or unforeseen liabilities that could negatively affect its operating results or financial position or could otherwise harm its business. Further, integrating an acquired business, products, or technology, or remediating underperformance and associated operational challenges, could divert management time and resources from other matters. The Company may decide to use shares of its common stock to complete an acquisition and/or make strategic investments in other companies, which may dilute the ownership interests of existing shareholders and adversely impact the price of our stock. Early Stage Business/Technology Investment CRH’s venture capital unit may fail to achieve expected commercial success and financial returns, and CRH may lose all or part of its investments in companies. CRH, through its $250 million Venturing and Innovation Fund, makes investments in early stage ventures focused on construction, sustainability and digitalization technology whose products and services may offer us future competitive advantage. Investing in businesses and/or technologies presents inherent risks, with the potential that we may lose all or part of our investment if they fail to achieve anticipated strategic, technological and financial returns. If we realize losses on our venture investments, our results of operations and financial condition may be adversely impacted. Sustainable Products and Innovation If CRH fails to develop new sustainable products that meet customer needs, we may fall behind our competitors and our financial performance may be adversely impacted. We operate in competitive markets with customers continuously pushing suppliers to deliver new, innovative products and solutions that enable them to work more efficiently, reduce their environmental footprint and realize greater cost savings. This is especially so in relation to changing customer preferences and demands for sustainability solutions with enhanced emissions and/or circularity profiles, including those with greater recycled content and/or innovations to existing products, that help them to deliver on their own climate and/or commitments. The failure to keep up with the pace of technological change may lead to increased operational costs and financial loss through the inability to supply products to customers who require innovative and sustainable solutions. Failure to leverage innovation and other sustainability initiatives, for example transitioning to innovative products such as RAP, permeable paving solutions, cements and other sustainability solutions, may shorten product life cycles or give rise to early product obsolescence thus impairing financial performance and/or future value creation. CRH Form 10-K 15 Commodity Products and Substitution CRH manufactures and supplies a large number of commodity products into highly competitive markets. Failure by CRH to maintain pricing in an inflationary environment and to differentiate its products from its competitors could adversely impact our financial performance. Many of the Company’s products are commodities that face strong volume and price competition, with pricing impacted by macroeconomic conditions, the competitive environment, the degree of utilization of production capacity and the specifics of product demand, among other factors. In addition, the Company’s local competitors are increasingly innovative and cost competitive, and our products may also face competition from substitute products, including new products, that the Company does not produce. Any significant shift in demand preference to these alternate products could adversely impact market share and results of operations. The Company may experience downward pricing pressure from time to time across its different markets and may not always be able to raise prices to offset increased operating expenses and inflationary pressures. The Company’s profits are particularly sensitive to changes in volume, as the cement business is and thus has significant fixed and costs. Any failure to maintain strong customer relationships could result in an inability to respond to changing consumer preferences and approaches to construction. Failure to differentiate and innovate could lead to market share decline, with adverse impacts on financial performance. Enabling Business Technology CRH depends on multiple types of information and operational technologies, and failure to properly manage and maintain such technologies could adversely impact our ability to operate. The Company makes significant capital investments in information and operational technology, and systems to promote operational efficiency and maintain competitive advantage. Some of these investments relate to complex, technology deployments that require specialist customization and project management to deliver expected value (including Enterprise Reporting Program (ERP) and industrial control systems deployments and upgrades). The Company maintains a complex operating environment in relation to both information and operating technology, that includes , hybrid and cloud technologies supported by a mixture of outsourced service providers and internal resources . Any failure to properly manage the customization and/or deployment of these systems or this complex operating environment may result in additional costs being incurred, and/or delayed or eroded benefit realization. If we fail to make the required technological investments at the right time, we may lose competitive advantage and/or inhibit our ability to comply with evolving laws and/or regulations. Given the specific nature of the technology that the Company implements, it often relies on the support of specialist ; any failure to secure appropriately skilled and experienced may result in an increased risk of unsuccessful implementations, time delays and/or increased costs. Major Business Interruption CRH depends on the continued availability of people, production equipment, processes and systems, and our production could be materially disrupted by operational failures, which would have a negative impact on our profitability. Given the nature of some of our product lines, with significant fixed and costs, the Company's profits are particularly sensitive to changes in volume, creating an exposure to any natural and/or human events that could disrupt production. The ongoing, efficient operation of our facilities is often dependent on important pieces of equipment and IT networks/infrastructure. These can present single points of failure and can be difficult to quickly and/or easily replace due to long supply chain lead times and high associated capital costs. It is possible we could experience periodic disruption to equipment availability for a variety of reasons, including accidents, mechanical failures, fires/explosions and extreme weather conditions. In addition to damaging equipment, extreme weather events could also disrupt operations through delaying project start dates, extending product curing times, and/or disrupting infrastructure on which we depend including power and water networks. In addition, the manual nature of some of our manufacturing processes and infrastructure projects, including highway construction and maintenance, creates a high level of dependency on our highly skilled workforce. Any event that materially inhibits our people from being able to work, including an inability to get to our facilities and/or customer sites or widespread sickness/pandemic, could materially disrupt our operations, with adverse impacts on financial performance. Cybersecurity CRH depends on multiple information and operational technology systems, including certain systems for which are in whole or in part responsible. We may be unable to protect our assets and data against increasingly sophisticated cybersecurity attacks. Security breaches, IT interruptions or data loss could result in significant business disruption, loss of production, reputational damage and/or regulatory penalties. The Company has not been subject to a that has had a material impact on our operations or financial results. However, we have faced attempted and may face future , including malware or ransomware attacks, or suffer other human or technological errors that have a material impact. Breaches, significant IT interruptions or errors could disrupt production software, permit manipulation of financial data, and could lead to corruption or theft of sensitive data that we collect and retain about our customers, suppliers, employees and business performance. Following a material cybersecurity incident, the Company may incur significant remediation costs, may face regulatory proceedings and/or private litigation, and may suffer damage to our reputation and customer confidence in our operations. Our businesses rely on information and operational technologies to support critical business processes and activities, and failures or breaches of such technologies could lead to production curtailment and/or other operational disruptions. We rely on specialist to provide many of our information and operational technology systems, and vulnerabilities within such systems could have a material negative effect on us. The on whom we rely may themselves be affected by cybersecurity breaches or failures, which could lead to operational disruption or other negative consequences that could adversely impact our own business and financial condition. In addition, the Company regularly engages in acquisition activity as part of its active portfolio management. Many companies rely on different information and operational technology systems to the rest of the Company and may not have cybersecurity protections comparable to those implemented throughout the existing Company. Integrating companies and assets and implementing appropriate cybersecurity controls may be more and than anticipated. Failure to appropriately integrate new acquisitions into our cybersecurity and IT systems can lead to vulnerabilities and make our systems more complex to secure. Further, the global nature of our operations and diverse information and operational technologies used across the Company may result in potential delays in the detection and reporting of cyber incidents. In addition, as cybersecurity threats evolve, the Company is increasingly required to expend additional resources to enhance our cybersecurity protection measures and may be required to expend additional resources to investigate and remediate identified vulnerabilities. CRH Form 10-K 16 Supply Chain Failure CRH’s ability to maintain production capacity and/or quality depends on the reliable and economic sourcing of various input materials, and failure to manage any material disruption in our supply chains could adversely impact our ability to service our customers and result in a deterioration in operational and/or financial performance. The Company must reliably and economically source various raw materials, equipment and other inputs from many suppliers and then transport finished products to satisfy customer demands and meet contractual requirements. Our ability to balance maintaining resilient supply chains with optimizing our working capital and inventory levels is critical to the continuity and strong financial returns of our operations. Any failure to manage any material disruption in our supply chains, including where we do not hold adequate buffer stocks and/or are unable to source adequate alternatives within acceptable timelines and at reasonable cost, could adversely impact our ability to service our customers and result in a deterioration in operational and/or financial performance, and reputational damage. Some of the raw materials, equipment, transport and other inputs that the Company requires are limited to a small number of suppliers from which the Company can economically and/or practically source, which often have long lead times. Any of our suppliers may experience temporary, prolonged or even permanent operational disruption and/or capacity in the market may fall below required levels (e.g. for haulage capacity), which could have an adverse impact on the Company’s operations, financial performance and reputation. In addition, in certain markets in which the Company operates, including markets for steel, cement, bitumen and supplementary cementitious materials, contracted market demand can far outstrip supply, which may restrict the Company’s ability to obtain alternative suppliers or additional volumes where necessary. Our focus on responsible sourcing practices and other Environmental & Social Governance (ESG) considerations may also limit the pool of acceptable suppliers from which we may choose to source. Construction Contracts A number of our projects/contracts are complex, spanning multiple parties, years and/or products, and our future financial results may be adversely affected if we incorrectly forecast project budgets, deliver projects that do not meet contracted standards, or fail to deliver on time. Across the Company’s business lines, we enter into contracts for complex, projects that comprise multiple product lines and as such are exposed to inherent risks related to forecasting and budgeting, project management and delivery, and quality control. Any failure to manage these risks may reduce the Company’s profitability and/or damage its reputation, with associated impacts on our ability to bid for and/or win future contracts. Risks Related To Financial, Regulatory And Reporting Environment Laws, Regulations and Business Conduct CRH is subject to a wide variety of local and international laws and regulations. CRH may face adverse operational and financial effects and reputational damage, including significant fines, debarment or other sanctions, due to litigation or investigations in connection with breaches or perceived breaches of such laws and regulations or otherwise. In addition, we are governed by the Irish Companies Act, which differs from laws generally applicable to U.S. companies. As an Irish incorporated company, with a primary listing on the NYSE and an international secondary listing on the LSE, CRH must comply with a wide variety of local and international laws and regulations, including the Irish Companies Act, U.S. securities laws and regulations, NYSE listing requirements, the Market Abuse Regulation, the Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rules, and other relevant legislation and regulation. The Company is also subject to various statutes, regulations and laws affecting land usage, zoning, labor and employment practices, competition/ , financial reporting, taxation, and theft, , , governance, data protection and data privacy and security, environmental, health and safety, and international trade and sanctions laws, among other matters. There can be no assurance that the Company’s policies and procedures will afford adequate protection against compliance failures or other fraudulent and/or corrupt activities. Any failure to comply with the requirements of any of these laws and/or regulations could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s business, results of operations, financial condition, prospects and/or reputation, with resultant litigation or investigations, the imposition of significant fines, sanctions, debarment from operating in key markets, and/or reputational damage. Where subject to litigation, we establish reserves in line with the requirements of the relevant accounting standards, where there is a clearly defined past event, when the loss is assessed as probable and we can reasonably estimate the amount. These estimated rese

[truncated]