BETA Close X CRH has confirmed the cancellation of its ordinary and 7% preference share listings on the UK Financial Conduct Authority's official list and the London Stock Exchange's main market, effective April 20, 2026. The company's ordinary shares are now exclusively listed on the New York Stock Exchange. Shareholders can access FAQ documents for both ordinary and preference shares on CRH's investor relations website. Disclaimer* Further to the announcement made on March 13, 2026, CRH (NYSE: CRH) today confirms that the listings of its ordinary shares and its 7% preference shares on the official list of the UK Financial Conduct Authority, and the admission to trading of those shares on the main market for listed securities of the London Stock Exchange, have both been cancelled with effect from 08:00 a.m. (London) today, April 20, 2026. CRH’s ordinary shares are now solely listed on the New York Stock Exchange. Frequently Asked Questions and Shareholder Helpline A FAQ document for shareholders holding ordinary shares is available at https://www.crh.com/investors/ordinary-shareholders/ . A FAQ document for shareholders holding 7% preference shares is available at https://www.crh.com/investors/preference-shareholders/ . A helpline is also available to assist shareholders, the contact details for which are included in the FAQ documents. About CRH CRH is the leading provider of building materials critical to modernizing infrastructure. With our team of 83,000 people across 4,000 locations, our unmatched scale, connected portfolio, and deep local relationships make us the partner of choice for transportation, water, and reindustrialization projects, shaping communities for a better tomorrow. CRH (NYSE: CRH) is a member of the S&P 500 Index. For more information, visit www.crh.com . Tom Holmes Head of Investor Relations tholmes@crh.com Lauren Schulz Chief Communications Officer lschulz@crh.com View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20260420874113/en/ AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies CRH (CDI) (CRH) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 2 days ago British American Tobacco 2 days ago Mitie Group 2 days ago Marks & Spencer Group 2 days ago Hammerson 2 days ago Reckitt Benckiser Group All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and