Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 30 Item 7A Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures a bout Market Risk 45 Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 46 Item 9 Changes in and Disagreements W ith Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 93 Item 9A Controls and Procedures 93 Item 9B Other Information 94 Item 9C Disclosures Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 94 PART III Item 10 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 95 Item 11 Executive Compensation 95 Item 12 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 95 Item 13 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 95 Item 14 Principal Account ing Fees and Services 95 PART IV Item 15 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 96 Item 16 Form 10-K Summary 98 Signatures 99 4 CRH FORM 10-K Statements – Safe Harbor Provisions Under The Private Securities Litigation Reform Act Of 1995 In order to rely upon the “Safe Harbor” provisions of the United States Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, CRH is providing the following cautionary statement. This document contains statements that are, or may be deemed to be, statements with respect to the financial condition, results of operations, business, viability and future performance of CRH and certain of the plans and objectives of CRH. These statements may generally, but not always, be identified by the use of words such as “will”, “anticipates”, “should”, “could”, “would”, “targets”, “aims”, “may”, “continues”, “expects”, “is expected to”, “estimates”, “believes”, “intends” or similar expressions. These statements include all matters that are not historical facts or matters of fact at the date of this document. In particular, the following, among other statements, are all in nature: statements regarding the benefits of CRH’s connected portfolio and entrepreneurial culture; plans and expectations regarding dynamics, customer demand, pricing, costs, underlying drivers for growth in infrastructure, residential and activity, including the megatrends of transportation, water and reindustrialization, and macroeconomic and other trends in CRH’s markets, particularly in North America; plans and expectations regarding government and private funding initiatives and priorities, including the timing and amount of government funding, particularly with respect to the Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act (IIJA), and reindustrialization activity in North America, Europe and Australia, and the effects on CRH’s business; plans and expectations regarding CRH’s strategy, growth capital expenditures, investments in technology, competitive advantages, growth opportunities, innovation, research and development and acquisitions and divestitures, including the timing for completion, tax and accounting effects and expected commercial and market benefits; plans and expectations regarding the outcome of pending legal proceedings and provisions for environmental and remediation costs; plans and expectations regarding the timing and amount of share buybacks and dividends, including the CRH plc Board of Directors’ (the Board) policy for consistent dividend growth; expectations regarding taxation of U.S. holders of our shares, including applicability of Irish Dividend Withholding Tax (DWT) and Irish stamp duty; expectations regarding the Company’s income tax reserves and returns; plans and expectations regarding equity compensation plans and pension plans; plans and expectations regarding CRH’s balance sheet, capital allocation, financial capacity, accounting policies, cash flows and working capital; plans and expectations regarding CRH’s ability to fund its contractual obligations, maturing debt obligations, capital expenditures, and other liquidity requirements; plans and expectations regarding the effect of existing and future laws, rules and regulations on CRH’s business; and plans and expectations regarding human capital initiatives, workplace safety, sustainability and climate change, CRH’s decarbonization targets, sustainability-related initiatives and business opportunities, including investments, impacts of the changing regulatory landscape, and the delivery of and consumer demand for sustainable solutions and products. By their nature, statements involve risk and uncertainty because they relate to events and depend on circumstances that may or may not occur in the future and reflect the Company’s current expectations and assumptions as to such future events and circumstances that may not prove accurate. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any statements. These statements are made as of the date of this document. The Company expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to publicly update or revise these statements other than as required by applicable law. A number of material factors could cause actual results and developments to differ materially from those expressed or implied by these statements, certain of which are beyond our control, and which include, but are not limited to: economic and financial conditions, including changes in interest rates, inflation, price volatility and/or labor and materials shortages; demand for infrastructure, residential and construction and our products in geographic markets in which we operate; increased competition and its impact on prices and market position; increases in energy, labor and/or other raw materials costs; adverse changes to laws and regulations, including in relation to climate change; the impact of unfavorable weather; investor and/or consumer sentiment regarding the importance of sustainable practices and products; availability of public sector funding for infrastructure programs; political uncertainty, including as a result of political and social conditions in the jurisdictions CRH operates in, or adverse political developments, including the ongoing geopolitical conflicts in Ukraine and the Middle East; failure to complete or successfully integrate acquisitions or make timely divestitures; and exposure of associates, contractors, customers, suppliers and other individuals to health and safety risks, including due to product failures. Additional factors, risks and uncertainties that could cause actual outcomes and results to be materially different from those expressed by the statements in this report including, but not limited to, the risks and uncertainties described herein and in “Risk Factors” in Part 1, Item 1A of this Form 10-K. 5 CRH FORM 10-K PART I Item 1. Business Overview CRH is the leading provider of building materials critical to modernizing infrastructure. With our team of 83,032 people across 3,961 locations, our unmatched scale, connected portfolio, and deep local relationships make us the partner of choice for transportation, water and reindustrialization projects, shaping communities for a better tomorrow. The Company, which has market leadership positions in North America, Europe and Australia, has grown rapidly since formation in 1970 and in 2025 generated $37.4 billion of Total revenues, $3.8 billion of Net income and $7.7 billion of Adjusted EBITDA*. 1 In 2025, 40% of Total revenues came from infrastructure, 32% from residential construction and 28% from construction. 60% of Total revenues came from sales to construction, while 40% of Total revenues came from repair and remodel activity. CRH’s connected portfolio supplies building materials across the construction value chain, better serving our customers’ needs and driving repeat business while making construction simpler, safer and more sustainable. This approach combines our unique entrepreneurial culture, leading performance and local market knowledge with our building products and services to be a valuable partner for customers across our . CRH’s leading positions of scale serve transportation and critical infrastructure, reindustrialization projects and commercial and residential construction activity. CRH has a proven track record of growing and creating value through acquisition with over 1,250 deals completed in our history. We acquire businesses at attractive valuations and create value by connecting them with our existing operations and generating synergies. The Company takes an active approach to portfolio management and continuously reviews the competitive landscape for attractive investment and divestiture opportunities to deliver further growth and value creation for shareholders. In 2025, CRH completed 38 acquisitions for a total consideration of $4.1 billion compared with $5.0 billion in 2024. The largest acquisition in 2025 was in our Americas Materials Solutions segment where the Company completed the acquisition of Eco Material Technologies (Eco Material), North America’s leading supplier of Supplementary Cementitious Materials (SCMs). CRH has a primary listing on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) and an international secondary listing on the London Stock Exchange (LSE) for its Ordinary Shares, each listing represented by the ticker symbol “CRH”. References to the 'Ordinary Shares' and 'Common Shares' refer to our ordinary shares of €0.32 each. Our Connected Portfolio CRH’s connected portfolio of building materials, products and services serves transportation and critical infrastructure construction (including highways, bridges, rail, water, energy and telecommunications projects), reindustrialization activity (including manufacturing and data center projects) and commercial and residential markets across North America, Europe and Australia. Essential Materials Essential Materials, consisting of aggregates and cementitious materials, are the foundation of CRH’s connected portfolio. Our businesses manufacture and supply these materials for use extensively in a wide range of construction applications, from major road and infrastructure projects to reindustrialization facilities and the development and refurbishment of commercial buildings, private residences and public spaces. Our focus on continuous business improvement, deep materials and local market knowledge and our extensive network of locations drives performance and helps us deliver value to our customers. Customers typically range from national, regional and local governments to contractors and other construction product and service providers. Road Solutions CRH is a leading provider of materials, products and services for road construction in North America and Europe. With our capabilities in manufacturing, installation, maintenance and circularity, we deliver a range of innovative products and services for our customers to better connect our communities, from major public highway infrastructure projects to residential roads, airports and parking lots. As responsible operators considerate of our environmental impact, we optimize the use of recycled materials in our paving services, thereby reducing waste, emissions and energy consumption. Together with our Essential Materials businesses, we have developed our roads offering to provide customers with quality, flexibility, speed, expertise and convenience through our deep market knowledge and highly capable team of professionals. Building and Infrastructure Solutions Our Building & Infrastructure Solutions connect and protect critical infrastructure to help solve complex construction challenges for transportation, water, energy, telecommunications and reindustrialization projects. Working closely with our Essential Materials and Roads businesses, we provide materials, products and engineering services to enable the transition to a more durable built environment. With a particular focus on construction, we are a leading provider of products that renew and protect the critical infrastructure that enhances the daily lives of millions of people. Outdoor Living Solutions CRH’s Outdoor Living businesses integrate specialized materials, products and design features to enhance the quality of private and public spaces. We help our customers in residential and commercial markets create unique outdoor settings by providing products for repair, remodel and new construction projects. Outdoor Living is closely linked to our Essential Materials businesses and to our customers through a wide geographic network providing a comprehensive suite of products including hardscapes, masonry, fencing, railing and packaged lawn and garden products. We place a strong focus on anticipating the needs of customers by continually enhancing our offering through innovation and technology, portfolio expansion and multifaceted collaboration. * Represents a measure. See “ Reconciliation and Supplementary Information” on pages 35 to 38 for a reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP measure. 1 6 CRH FORM 10-K Business Segment Information For the year ended December 31, 2025, CRH was organized through three segments across two Divisions. Americas Division CRH’s Americas Division is comprised of two segments: Americas Materials Solutions and Americas Building Solutions. The North American market’s positive fundamentals, including significant public investment in infrastructure and private investment in reindustrialization activity, is driving demand for CRH’s connected portfolio of materials, products and services. Over several decades, CRH has established difficult to replicate, leading positions of scale across North America and employs 49,828 people at 2,127 locations across 48 U.S. states and seven Canadian provinces. Americas Materials Solutions Americas Materials Solutions manufactures and supplies building materials for the construction and maintenance of public and private infrastructure, commercial and industrial applications, and residential buildings in North America. The primary materials produced by this segment include aggregates, cementitious materials, readymixed concrete and asphalt. This segment also provides paving and construction services for customers. In 2025, this segment accounted for 45% of CRH’s Total revenues and 52% of Adjusted EBITDA. The Americas Materials Solutions segment leverages our benefits of scale, deep industry expertise, strong local brands and an extensive array of essential materials to implement CRH’s strategy, offering materials, products and services to satisfy multiple customer needs. In turn, this enables CRH to provide a , differentiated service, saving time and reducing logistical challenges for our customers. Through this approach CRH aims to reduce lead times and complexity, deepening relationships, driving repeat business and increasing the share of customer wallet spent on CRH products and services. Our unmatched scale and connected portfolio are defining characteristics of this segment, enabling us to optimize production throughout the supply chain and to capture greater value. In order to support its operations, the Company has established a network of reserves at quarry locations, predominantly adjacent to urban areas where demand for its materials and products is strongest. Americas Building Solutions Americas Building Solutions manufactures and supplies , innovative products that connect and protect critical infrastructure in communities across North America. Products in this segment are highly specified, designed and engineered thereby adding value for the customer. This segment serves infrastructure construction (including transportation, water, energy and telecommunications projects), reindustrialization activity (including manufacturing and data center projects) and provides outdoor living solutions for enhancing private and public spaces. In 2025, Americas Building Solutions accounted for 19% of CRH’s Total revenues and 19% of Adjusted EBITDA . This segment capitalizes on secular market trends, including the urgent need to upgrade transportation and water infrastructure, the increased investment in reindustrialization activity and the growing demand for more sustainable construction to provide durable building products. CRH’s ability to provide products which are tailored to the specific requirements of individual customer projects helps to drive competitive advantage and deliver sustainable growth in this segment. International Division CRH’s International Division, which is comprised of one segment, International Solutions, is a leading provider of building materials across Europe and Australia. In Eastern Europe and Australia we see potential through strong economic activity, while in Western Europe, CRH’s businesses operate in attractive markets backed by sign ificant public infrastructure spending and initiatives that promote increased construction activity. In these regions, CRH is experiencing increasing demand for its materials and product offering. The International Division employs 33,204 people at 1,834 locations across 27 countries. International Solutions International Solutions integrates building materials, products and services for the construction and renovation of transportation infrastructure, critical utility networks, commercial and residential buildings, and outdoor living spaces. CRH has established itself as a leader in its markets, enabling strong value creation through commercial excellence and performance improvement initiatives, while serving growing demand across the construction value chain for innovative and products and services. In 2025, this segment accounted for 36% of CRH’s Total revenues and 29% of Adju sted EBITDA. Materials and Products The following materials and products are produced and supplied by CRH’s connected portfolio of businesses. Aggregates Aggregates are naturally occurring mineral deposits such as granite, limestone and sandstone. CRH extracts these deposits and processes them for sale as aggregates products such as crushed stone, sand and gravel. Typically, aggregates are used in road and rail infrastructure, building foundations and in the production of products including concrete and asphalt. Annualized aggregates sales volumes 1 in 2025 were 380.7 million tons of which the Americas Division and International Division were 231.1 million tons and 149.6 million tons, respectively. Cementitious Materials Cement is produced from limestone reserves and is the primary binding agent in the production of concrete products, including readymixed concrete and mortars, which are used extensively throughout the built environment. Cementitious Materials also include fly ash, pozzolans, synthetic gypsum, calcined clay and Ground Granulated Slag (GGBS) used to enhance the performance and sustainability of concrete. Annualized cementitious material sales volumes 1 in 2025 were 59.0 million tons of which the Americas Division and International Division were 23.9 million tons and 35.1 million tons, respectively. 1 Annualized sales volumes reflect the impact of acquisitions and divestitures during the year and may vary from actual volumes sold. This includes volumes which are used internally (e.g. aggregates supplied internally for cement production). 7 CRH FORM 10-K Concrete Concrete is a highly versatile building material, comprised of aggregates bound together with cement and water. Readymixed concrete is the most commonly used form of concrete. It forms the foundations of buildings and homes, roads, tunnels and bridges, water management systems and clean energy structures. While readymixed concrete is supplied to customers for casting, CRH’s infrastructural concrete businesses produce and supply precast and concrete products such as vaults, pipes and manholes. These products are delivered to, and assembled at, construction sites where they are used throughout the built environment. Annualized readymixed concrete sales volumes 2 in 2025 were 39.5 million cubic yards of which the Americas Division and International Division were 16.7 million cubic yards and 22.8 million cubic yards, respectively. Asphalt Asphalt consists of aggregates bound together with bitumen and is widely used as a surface material in roads, bridges, airport runways, sidewalks and other amenities. In recent years, the use of recycled materials in asphalt has increased considerably. Using materials from existing road surfaces to produce new asphalt reduces the demand for virgin material, extends the life of our aggregates reserves and contributes to reducing the carbon footprint of the product. Recycled Asphalt Pavement (RAP) and Recycled Asphalt Shingles (RAS) are used extensively by CRH businesses to produce new asphalt products for road and other surfaces. Annualized asphalt sales volumes 2 in 2025 were 62.8 million tons of which the Americas Division and International Division were 52.9 million tons and 9.9 million tons, respectively. Building Products CRH’s connected portfolio utilizes our essential materials to produce a range of building products. These include the manufacturing of concrete and products such as underground vaults, drainage systems, enclosures and modular precast structures. These are typically supplied to the transportation, water, energy and telecommunications markets, in addition to complex reindustrialization projects. CRH also manufactures a variety of concrete masonry, hardscape and related products including pavers, blocks and curbs, retaining walls and slabs. Further CRH produces fencing and railing systems, lawn and garden products and packaged concrete mixes. These products are supplied to residential, commercial and (DIY) construction markets. Key Trends and Opportunities megatrends that are shaping how CRH evolves to meet the needs of its customers include: • Increased levels of funding support for transportation infrastructure such as roads, bridges, tunnels, airports and rail networks; • Growing reindustrialization activity in North America, Europe and Australia driving construction in areas such as manufacturing and data centers; • The continued need to upgrade and modernize aging critical infrastructure such as water, energy and telecommunications systems; • A changing regulatory landscape supporting demand for innovative products for a more resilient and sustainable built environment; and • dynamics, such as labor constraints, driving increasing investment in automation, technology and digital solutions. In addition, broader key trends affecting the development of CRH's businesses include: • Population growth and urbanization driving increasing demand for construction and building materials; • Economic development and further investment in infrastructure, and residential projects; and • The recurring need to maintain, repair and upgrade the built environment as buildings and civil infrastructure age and wear. Innovation and Sustainability Investing in technology and innovation across our operations enables CRH to develop higher performing businesses and better serve our customers' needs. Our , approach and our leading performance model enable us to innovate across diverse geographies and markets, where it matters most for our customers. Our approach to innovation harnesses the strength of our internal research and development capabilities with the power of external partnerships and ventures across our connected growth platforms. We have a network of experts across our businesses collaborating in the research and development of innovative solutions. Our ability to replicate and scale our innovation and technical expertise between our Americas’ and International businesses gives us further opportunities for growth. CRH Ventures, our venture capital arm, works in partnership with , industry players, and academic institutions to pilot and scale technologies and accelerate progress towards a more resilient built environment. Sustainability is embedded in our strategy and is an important enabler of our leading performance model. Our sustainability framework identifies three areas: water, circularity, and decarbonization where CRH’s connected portfolio of essential materials, infrastructure products, and services positions us to capture further value and accelerate growth. • Water: addressing the urgent need to modernize and expand water infrastructure through engineered solutions and management systems for communities. • Circularity: reimagining the way materials are used, including recycling and reusing construction and waste materials to create value, protect our asset base and extend the life of our reserves. • Decarbonization: developing innovative solutions that support the construction of resilient, buildings and infrastructure. CRH continues to enhance its capabilities to develop a and more sustainable built environment through investment in innovative technologies. The acquisition of Eco Material, a leader in SCMs, positions CRH at the forefront of cement and concrete. Our strategic investment in VODA.ai expands our capabilities in water asset management with Artificial Intelligence (AI)-driven technology. This platform helps utilities manage aging water infrastructure by providing predictive analytics to assess pipe condition and risk across transmission, distribution, and collection systems. We continue to build on our strong sustainability foundations: embedding responsible business conduct across our operations, protecting the natural world, and helping our people and communities to thrive. 2 Annualized sales volumes reflect the impact of acquisitions and divestitures during the year and may vary from actual volumes sold. This includes volumes which are used internally (e.g. aggregates supplied internally for cement production). 8 CRH FORM 10-K Environmental and Governmental Regulations Our operations in the United States are subject to federal, state and local laws, while our European operations are subject to local, national and European Union (EU) laws and regulations. Our operations elsewhere are typically subject to both national and local regulatory requirements. Compliance and Costs Compliance with applicable regulations requires capital investment and ongoing expenditures for the operation and maintenance of systems and implementation of improvement programs. These include investments in licensing, permitting and monitoring, waste and water management plans, reductions in air emissions and energy consumption, promotion and protection of biodiversity, education and training, as well as employment of environmental specialists within CRH. These capital investments and expenditures were not material to CRH’s earnings, results of operations or financial condition in 2025 and 2024. Management believes that its current provision for environmental and remediation costs is reasonable and that any potential at its operations and facilities with applicable environmental laws and regulations is not likely to have a material adverse effect on CRH’s operations or financial condition. See Item 3. “Legal Proceedings" and Note 12 “Asset retirement obligations” in Item 8. “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data”. Land and Environmental Management We generally own or lease the real estate on which our main raw materials, aggregates and other minerals are located. As part of our business model, we have established an extensive global network of extractive sites comprised of 1,334 properties, of which 252,791 acres of land are owned and 128,651 acres are leased. These extractive sites provide us with the raw materials to manufacture various primary building materials, such as aggregates, cementitious materials, asphalt, readymixed concrete and concrete products. We offer these products directly for sale and integrate them into our downstream products and services. Materials produced by our aggregates and cementitious materials businesses, for example, can be supplied to our downstream businesses for use in o ur Road Solutions, Building & Infrastructure Solutions and Outdoor Living Solutions businesses. Our operations are typically required to comply with government land use plans and zoning requirements. We are required by government authorities to obtain operating permits and resource rights, such as water rights, to conduct certain operations, such as quarries, mines, production and distribution facilities. The terms and general availability of government permits required to conduct our business influence the scope of our operations at the respective sites. We are also required to obtain permits and adhere to applicable restrictions, often including establishing appropriate environmental management systems, to minimize the risk that necessary permits are revoked, modified or not renewed. CRH is also subject to multiple laws that require the Company, as a mine operator, to reclaim and restore properties after mining activities have ceased. As a result, we are required to record reasonable provisions for such reclamation in our Consolidated Financial Statements. From time to time, we are required by law and/or contractual obligations to investigate and remediate releases of hazardous substances at our manufacturing sites and at sites where hazardous substances from our operations may have been disposed of. Where we have been required to incur such expenses, we are required to record reasonable provisions for such remediation in our Consolidated Financial Statements. The Clean Air Act in the United States and similar laws elsewhere require that certain of our facilities, including our cement plants, obtain and maintain air emissions permits that subject them to pollution control requirements and require for constructing certain facilities. In addition, the Clean Water Act in the United States and similar laws elsewhere require certain of our facilities to maintain permits limiting pollutants discharged into receiving waters and to implement technological controls to manage the discharge of stormwater and wastewater from those operations. CRH is also required to comply with laws designed to promote biodiversity and protect ecosystems. Therefore, CRH may from time to time be required to install additional equipment or technologies to remain in compliance with such environmental regulations. Sustainability Performance CRH is committed to driving profitable growth by providing its customers with innovative solutions that make construction simpler, safer, and more sustainable. CRH’s connected portfolio of essential materials, infrastructure products, and services play an important role in shaping a more resilient built environment and in 2025, revenues from products with enhanced sustainability attributes 3 were $15.7 billion, an increase of 7% compared with 2024. CRH is continuing to advance its contribution to the circular economy, preserving scarce natural resources and using more recycled materials in construction. In 2025, CRH recycled 51.2 million tonnes of wastes and , sourced internally and from other industries, for use as alternative materials and fuels in its products and processes (2024: 44.7 million tonnes). In 2025, Scope 1 and 2 absolute carbon emissions decreased by 1%, from 29.7 million tonnes 4 in 2024 to 29.5 million tonnes in 2025, as CRH made further progress implementing the key levers in its decarbonization roadmap. CRH successfully delivered on its net CO 2 emissions per tonne of cementitious product target of 520kg by 2025. Adjusting for the impact of changes in CRH’s portfolio since the target was set in 2019, CRH’s net CO 2 emissions per tonne of cementitious product was 518kg in 2025. This represents a 33% reduction on 1990 levels. CRH has an absolute carbon emissions reduction target of 30% by 2030 (from a 2021 base year) inclusive of organic business growth. In 2023, the Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi) validated CRH’s targets 5 in line with a 1.5°C trajectory. A significant portion of the actions required to deliver on the 2030 roadmap are based on known technologies, operational excellence programs and activities in which CRH has a proven track record of delivery. CRH’s roadmap includes incremental capital expenditure of approximately $150 million annually on average through 2030, which is subject to strict internal investment criteria and the net business benefit is expected to increase revenues and profitability. 3 Revenues from products with enhanced sustainability attributes is defined as revenues derived from those products that incorporate any, or a combination of: recycled materials; are produced using alternative energy and fuel sources; have a lower carbon footprint as compared to those products using traditional manufacturing processes; and/or are designed to specifically benefit the environment. 4 Note all sustainability metrics are presented in metric tonnes. Scope 1, 2 and 3 absolute carbon emissions were 47.0 million tonnes in 2025 (2024: 47.1 million tonnes). 5 The SBTi’s Target Validation Team has classified CRH’s Scope 1 and Scope 2 target ambition and has determined that it is in line with a 1.5°C trajectory. 9 CRH FORM 10-K Supply Chain CRH employs a dedicated global purchasing team and its supply chain combines internal supply, external sources and service providers to deliver products to customers in various markets. As outlined on page 9, CRH owns or leases the real estate on which its main raw materials are located and has established an extensive global network of quarries. As part of its vertically integrated business model, the raw materials from these quarries are used to manufacture primary building materials, such as aggregates, cement, asphalt, readymixed concrete and concrete products, which are offered directly for sale or integrated into downstream products and services. CRH is a significant purchaser of certain materials and resources important to its business, including cementitious materials, bitumen, steel, and energy supplies, all of which it acquires at market rates. CRH is not dependent on any one source for the supply of these materials and resources, other than in certain jurisdictions with regard to the supply of gas and electricity. CRH also utilizes various external suppliers and service providers throughout its business in addition to its internal supply chains, which enables it to economically source various raw materials, equipment and other inputs and to transport finished products to customers. The Company is committed to establishing a sustainable and resilient supply chain and takes an active approach to monitoring it. Seasonality Activity in the construction industry is dependent to a considerable extent on the seasonal impact of weather on the Company’s operating locations, with periods of higher activity in some markets during spring and summer which may reduce significantly in winter due to inclement conditions and extreme weather events. In addition to impacting demand for our products and services, adverse weather can negatively impact the production processes for a variety of reasons. For example, workers may not be able to work outdoors in sustained high temperatures and heavy rainfall and/or other unfavorable weather conditions. Competitive Environment CRH is a market leader in many of the construction markets it operates in across North America, Europe and Australia. CRH prioritizes investment in markets with attractive fundamentals including population and economic growth, which drive demand for construction. Many of the markets in which CRH operates are highly fragmented, and as a result, CRH products and services face strong competition. The Company’s profits are sensitive to changes in volumes and prices which are impacted from time to time by competitive conditions experienced in different markets. Pricing for products is impacted by macroeconomic conditions, the number of competitors, the degree of utilization of production capacity, the specifics of product demand, innovation and differentiation, among other factors. Fragmented markets continue to offer focused growth opportunities for CRH. Similarly, competitors may seek to expand their existing positions or enter new markets and the Company may experience competition for potential acquisitions identified by CRH management. Intellectual Property and Research & Development CRH relies on a combination of intellectual property laws, confidentiality procedures and contractual provisions to protect its proprietary assets and brands. CRH owns, or has applied for intellectual property rights, including patents, trademarks, service marks and internet domain names, both domestically and internationally, where appropriate. CRH engages in ongoing research & development projects to improve existing and develop new technologies to drive further growth and value creation. The Company’s research initiatives include: • A $250 million Venturing and Innovation Fund, launched in 2022, to support the development of new technologies and innovative solutions. To date, research initiatives across the Company include hydrogen use, CO 2 mineralization projects, novel cements, AI technology and Carbon Capture Usage and Storage (CCUS); • CRH Ventures, the Company’s venture capital arm, invests in, and partners with, construction technology and climate technology companies across the construction value chain to pilot and scale new technologies and innovations that will enable safer, smarter and more sustainable construction; and • CRH’s internal innovation network provides expertise and leadership to identify and analyze global market and construction trends and new growth opportunities. CRH's network of laboratories and experts across operating companies collaborate to advance research on building materials and processes, such as water infrastructure and cement and concrete. Through these initiatives, CRH is supporting the development of new technologies and innovative solutions to meet the increasingly complex needs of customers and evolving trends in construction. Human Capital Resources People are our priority, and we believe that building a safe and inclusive work environment that empowers and inspires our global workforce is core to our success. In 2025, we employed 83,032 people at 3,961 locations in 28 countries, of which 49,828 were in the Americas Division and 33,204 in the International Division. Some of our businesses are seasonal in nature which results in peaks and troughs in employment numbers across certain sections of our workforce. These changes are managed through fair and flexible hiring practices. Safety and The safety and (including physical and mental health) of our employees, contractors, and other stakeholders is embedded in CRH’s values. Our ambition is to have a culture of safety and wellness working towards zero harm, with a target of zero fatalities in any year. The Safety, Environment & Social Responsibility Committee, a Board committee, receives regular reports in relation to safety indicators. CRH invests substantial time, effort, and financial resources to comply with applicable regulations and ensure a safe workplace. In 2025, 93% of our locations had zero accidents and we achieved a incident rate of 0.31 based on the number of incidents per 200,000 work hours for employees and contractors globally. We continue to monitor near misses, prioritizing those high potential learning events to achieve our goal of zero harm. We also invest in initiatives and programs across CRH, including training, technologies and equipment to increase the standard of safety across our operations and reduce risks. 10 CRH FORM 10-K CRH further supports our employees through our health and programs providing tools, social support and strategies for physical and mental health. Our mining operations, manufacturing facilities, and other operations are subject to a variety of worker health and safety requirements, including laws and regulations administered by the United States Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA) and Mine Safety and Health Administration (MSHA) and their and foreign equivalents. Failure to comply with these applicable workplace health and safety requirements can result in sanctions and claims for personal injury and property damage and/or the closure of sites. Employee Engagement At CRH, we want to enhance and sustain a culture where everyone feels empowered, respected, and supported to grow. The Board and management team are committed to building an inclusive culture where talented people of all backgrounds have opportunities and can perform at their best. CRH has an engagement strategy which is built on, among other things, a firm commitment to nurture respect and inclusion. Employee engagement is critical to understanding what matters most to our employees and in generating insights regarding CRH’s performance culture, training and career development opportunities, safety culture, corporate purpose, initiatives to support inclusion, and overall strategy. The Board has delegated responsibility for the management of employee engagement to the Nomination & Corporate Governance Committee. We continue to adapt engagement strategies, ways of working, and leadership development approaches based on employee feedback. Working with the Global Leadership Team, CRH develops action plans based on the results of these engagements. The proximity of our senior leaders to daily operations across CRH is a key reason for the Company's continued success and enables dynamic engagement across our operations. We respect the rights of our employees to form and join trade unions and take part in collective bargaining. We operate both unionized and workplaces. We are focused on creating a global workforce that will drive performance now and for years to come. Learning and development is integral to embedding our culture and values, ensuring compliance with policies and attracting, retaining and developing top talent. We invest in talent development throughout our businesses, empowering our employees across all levels of education and employment to grow their careers through personal and professional development opportunities to ensure we have a pipeline of talent in place for the next generation of leaders at CRH. We continue to roll out our Frontline Leadership Program, which provides leadership development training for frontline supervisors across CRH, advancing the skills of our employees across a range of programs such as management, inclusive leadership, and safety. We have also established multiple training and compliance programs to support appropriate conduct, including mandatory annual trainings regarding , , and topics. CRH promoted inclusion through a range of initiatives and developments in 2025, including the development of toolkits, forums, and supports for our Employee Resource Groups (ERGs). Our ERGs are voluntary, groups, open to all employees. Their aim is to foster an inclusive workplace by strengthening communication, community, and employee experience. Available Information The Company maintains an internet address at www.crh.com and makes available free of charge through its website its annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and current reports on Form 8-K, and amendments thereto, if any, filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, which are available as soon as reasonably practicable after CRH files or furnishes such information to the SEC. The Company also posts its Proxy Statements on its website. Investors may also access such documents via the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov . References in this document to other documents on the CRH website are included only as an aid to their location and are not incorporated by reference into this Form 10-K. CRH’s website provides the full text of earnings updates, and copies of presentations to analysts and investors. Further, copies of CRH’s key corporate governance policies and other reports, including its Code of Business Conduct, Sustainability Performance Report and the charters for Committees of the Board, may be found on the CRH website. The Company undertakes no obligation to update any statements contained in this Form 10-K or the documents incorporated by reference herein for revisions or changes after the filing date of this Form 10‐K, other than as required by law. We post news releases, announcements and other statements about our business performance, results of operations and sustainability matters on our website, some of which may contain information that may be deemed material to investors. Additionally, we use our LinkedIn account (www.linkedin.com/company/crh) , as well as our other social media channels from time to time, to post announcements that may contain information that may be deemed material to investors. Our executive officers may use similar social media channels to disclose public information. We encourage investors, the media and others interested in CRH to review the business and financial information we or our executive officers post on our website and the social media channels identified above. Information on CRH’s website or such social media channels does not form part of, and is not incorporated into, this Form 10-K. 11 CRH FORM 10-K Item 1A. Risk Factors In addition to the other information contained in this Form 10-K, you should carefully consider the following risk factors before investing in our Ordinary Shares. The following risks are considered material to our business based upon current knowledge, information, and assumptions. The risks and uncertainties we describe below relate to future events, expectations, trends, and operating periods, are subject to change and are not the only ones we face. Additional risks and uncertainties of which we are not aware or that we currently believe are immaterial may also adversely affect the business, financial condition, and results of operations of the Company. If any of the possible events described below were to occur, the business, financial condition, and results of operations of the Company could be materially and adversely affected. If that happens, the market price of our Ordinary Shares could decline, and holders of our Ordinary Shares could lose all or part of their investment. This Form 10-K also contains statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these statements as a result of various factors, including (but not limited to) the risks described below and elsewhere in this Form 10-K. Risks Related to Our Industry and Our Business Industry Cyclicality and Economic Conditions CRH’s business depends on construction demand, and construction activity is inherently cyclical and influenced by multiple factors, including global and national economic circumstances (particularly those affecting the infrastructure and construction markets), monetary policy, consumer sentiment, swings in fuel and other input costs, and weather conditions that may, individually or collectively, disrupt outdoor construction activity. Given the nature of our core products, many of which cannot be transported on a basis over long distances, our operations are particularly sensitive to the economic conditions in the local markets in which we operate. In general, economic uncertainty and rising interest rates can exacerbate negative trends in construction activity, including when current and/or prospective customers are unable to obtain credit or issue bonds, which can lead to the postponement, delay and/or cancellation of projects, and an associated negative impact on demand for building materials and related services. With a significant proportion of construction activity undertaken outside (e.g. highway construction), demand for and the utilization of the Company's products and services such as cementitious materials, aggregates, asphalt, concrete, and concrete products can be highly seasonal in line with customer demand, and may additionally be impacted by acute and/or chronic changes in global and/or localized weather events/conditions. In addition, CRH may also be negatively impacted by fluctuations in the price of fuel and principal raw materials, which accounted for approximately 10% of Total revenues in 2025, consistent with 10% in 2024, with no guarantee that the Company will continue to be able to absorb these inflationary pressures. Government Infrastructure Spending CRH’s financial performance may be adversely impacted by reductions or delays in government infrastructure spending. A significant percentage of the Company’s products and/or services is consumed by public infrastructure projects, including the construction of highways and bridges. Accordingly, demand for our products may be impacted by adverse changes in public policy, as well as the financial resources and investment strategy of government bodies in our markets. The allocation of government funding for public infrastructure programs is a key driver for our markets, such as the infrastructure elements of the IIJA in the United States and large European infrastructure initiatives. However, government budget deficits might reduce government infrastructure investment and reduce demand for the Company’s products. Similarly, any significant delay and/or adverse change in investment strategy by policy makers in any of the Company’s key markets could reduce market demand, adversely impacting financial performance. Adverse Geopolitical Change/Environment Adverse public policy, economic, social, and political situations in any country in which the Company operates could lead to a number of risks including health and safety risks for the Company's people, a fall in demand for the Company’s products, business interruption, restrictions on repatriation of earnings and/or a loss of plant access. CRH primarily operates across North America, Europe, and Australia. The economies of these countries in which we operate are broadly stable. However, they are at varying stages of development, which presents multiple risks and uncertainties that could adversely affect the Company’s operations and financial results. These risks and uncertainties include: • Changes in political, social or economic conditions; • New or strengthened trade protection measures, currency controls or import or export licensing requirements; • Political unrest and currency shocks; • Social activism and civil disturbance, terrorist events or outbreak of armed conflict, among other potential causes; • Labor and procurement practices which contravene ethical considerations and regulatory requirements; • Unexpected changes in regulatory and tax requirements; and • Lockdowns or other restrictions due to public health emergencies, such as pandemics. In addition, CRH has people, assets, and operations in Ukraine and neighboring countries, which face physical risk due to the ongoing conflict. The Board and management are actively monitoring the situation in Ukraine, as uncertainty continues to exist due to the ongoing conflict in the region. 12 CRH FORM 10-K Health and Safety Performance CRH’s businesses operate in an industry with inherent health and safety risks, including the operation of heavy vehicles, working at height, use of mechanized processes, and handling of substances and materials potentially hazardous to people, animal life and/or the environment. Any failure to ensure safe workplaces could result in a deterioration in CRH’s safety performance and related adverse regulatory action or legal liability. Health and safety incidents could significantly impact CRH’s operational and financial performance, as well as its reputation. CRH’s safety risks extend to sites not wholly within our control, including outdoor paving and construction sites. This environment presents a complex challenge which requires safe behaviors and engagement from employees as well as robust Company policies and procedures. A high number of accidents may pose additional challenges in recruiting new employees, ensuring operational continuity and maintaining licenses and permits. Further, CRH is subject to a broad and stringent range of existing and evolving laws, regulations, standards, and best practices with respect to health and safety in each of the jurisdictions in which it operates. Should CRH’s health and safety frameworks, processes, and controls fail to comply with such regulations, the Company could be exposed to significant potential legal liabilities and penalties. Any failure resulting in the discharge or release of hazardous substances to the environment (e.g. storage tank leaks or explosions) could in addition expose CRH to significant liability remediation costs and/or penalties that impact our financial position. In addition, potential issues with products could lead to health, safety and other issues for our broad range of stakeholders including our employees, contractors, customers, and communities. The occurrence or recurrence of disruptive/dangerous pandemics could materially endanger our workers and/or contractors. People Management CRH may not achieve its strategic objectives if it is not successful in attracting, engaging, retaining, and developing employees with the required skill sets, planning for leadership succession, developing an engaged and inclusive workforce, and building constructive relationships with collective representation groups. The identification and subsequent assessment, management, development, and deployment of talented individuals is of major importance in continuing to deliver on the Company’s strategy and in ensuring that succession planning objectives for key executive roles throughout its international operations are satisfied. As well as ensuring the Company identifies, hires, integrates, engages, develops, and promotes talent, the Company must attract and retain a broad workforce representing diversity of thought and perspective and maintain an inclusive working environment. Our ability to achieve these objectives depends on the availability of a pool of workers with the required training and skills, and the attractiveness of our employer value proposition compared with competing employers. The Company operates in a industry and can face frontline labor shortages that impact its ability to produce goods, operate facilities, and install products. Additionally, any significant loss of employee resources for a sustained period of time (e.g. due to sickness or a public health emergency) could impact the Company’s ability to maintain operations. The Company must also maintain constructive relationships with the trade/labor unions that represent certain employees under collective agreements. Failure to do so could mean that the Company cannot renegotiate on appropriate terms the relevant collective agreements upon expiration and may face strikes or work stoppages as a consequence. Poor labor relations could create reputational risk for the Company and/or disrupt our businesses, raise costs, and reduce revenues and earnings from the affected locations, with potential adverse effects on the results of operations and financial condition of the Company. Strategic Mineral Reserves and Permitting Failure of CRH to maintain access to mineral resources and reserves, plan for reserve depletion, and secure or maintain permits for its mining operations may result in operation stoppages, adversely impacting financial performance. Continuity of the cash flows derived from the production and sale of certain building materials depends on satisfactory reserves planning, including appropriate arrangements for their replacement. The high ratio of the aggregates we consume generally makes it uneconomical to transport them over long distances, and accordingly it is important to secure high quality mineral resources local to our markets or adjacent to appropriate logistical hubs (e.g. rail infrastructure). Any failure to adequately plan for reserve depletion, or accurately forecast future growth markets, could lead to a failure to maintain, and/or acquire and develop required sites, especially given long development lead times, and associated operational stoppages that adversely impact financial performance and cash flows. Appropriate reserves are increasingly scarce, and licenses and permits required for operations are also becoming harder to secure (e.g. due to increasing resistance from communities that have expanded around potential attractive reserves). In addition, the Company cannot guarantee that it will continue to satisfy the many terms and conditions under which such licenses and permits are granted and/or renewed. Reserve estimates and projections of production rates of the minerals used in the Company’s products inherently contain numerous assumptions and uncertainties, that, for example, may depend upon geological interpretation, and statistical inferences or assumptions drawn from drilling and sampling analysis. If such interpretations, inferences or assumptions are subsequently proven incorrect and differ materially from actual geological conditions and/or production rates, we may exhaust reserves more quickly than anticipated over the . The failure to plan adequately for current and future extraction and utilization or to ensure ongoing compliance with requirements of issuing authorities could lead to operational disruptions and negatively affect our financial results. For additional information on the Company’s reserves position, see pages 21 to 25. 13 CRH FORM 10-K Climate Change and Policy The impact of climate change may adversely affect CRH’s operations and cost base and the stability of markets in which the Company operates. Risks related to climate change that could affect the Company’s operations and financial performance include both physical risks (such as acute and chronic changes in weather) and transitional risks (such as technological development, policy and regulation change, and market and economic responses). Risks related to climate change that could affect the Company’s operations and/or financial performance are discussed as follows: Physical Acute weather events such as hurricanes or flooding, and chronic events such as increased precipitation, rising sea levels and/or temperatures may have an adverse effect on the Company’s business and operations. Operational productivity and demand for the Company’s products may be reduced during these weather events leading to reduced financial performance. Changing population demographics and other macro events arising from climate change may also impact demand for our products in significantly affected areas. Transition • Legal and Regulatory: As stakeholder expectations with regard to climate change continue to evolve, and various governmental bodies in our markets propose changes to laws and regulations covering emissions, carbon allowances and taxation, we may be exposed to increased operational, compliance and litigation related risks and costs. Efforts to address climate change through laws and regulations, for example by requiring reductions in emissions of greenhouse gases (GHG) such as CO 2 can create economic risks and uncertainties for the Company’s businesses. Such risks could include the introduction of more extensive carbon emissions caps and associated carbon costs, additional costs of installing equipment to reduce emissions to comply with GHG limits, and higher costs from the imposition of legislative and/or regulatory controls. There is a risk of reduced competitiveness due to any failure of equalization measures to level costs between domestic producers and importers from countries with lower enforced environmental regulations/GHG constraints. • Technology: The Company has publicly set itself carbon emission reduction goals and ambitions, the delivery of which may depend on the rapid advancement of technologies, such as CCUS, that are still in early prototype or development phases. If our assumptions as to technology development timelines and/or our ability to economically access them prove inaccurate, we may be unable to deliver our emissions targets . • Reputational: Any failure to reduce emissions arising from our operations or meet investor and other stakeholder groups’ expectations with regard to emissions reductions may adversely impact the Company's reputation and/or increase the likelihood of associated stakeholder litigation. In addition, the Company may incur materially increased costs related to increases in the cost of carbon, requirements to make further capital investments, reduced access to capital, challenges in retaining and/or attracting talent, local community opposition to operating facilities, and any inability to secure licensing permits. Portfolio Management CRH engages in acquisition and divestiture activity as part of active portfolio management, and this portfolio management activity presents risks around due diligence, execution, and integration of assets. Additionally, the Company may be liable for liabilities of companies it has acquired or divested. Failure to efficiently identify and execute deals may limit the Company’s growth potential and impact financial performance. The Company’s acquisition strategy depends on successfully identifying and acquiring suitable assets at prices that satisfy our stringent cash flow and return on investment criteria. The Company may not be able to identify such companies, and, even if identified, may not be able to acquire them because of a variety of factors including the outcome of due diligence processes, the ability to raise required funds on acceptable terms, regulatory approvals (including in certain instances from competition authorities) and competition for transactions from peers and other entities acquiring companies in the building materials sector. In addition, situations may arise where the Company may be liable for the past acts, omissions or liabilities of acquired companies, or may remain liable in cases of divestiture (including for potential environmental liabilities or potential ongoing information technology (IT) support). In addition, the Company’s ability to realize the expected benefits from acquisitions depends in part on its ability to integrate businesses. If the Company fails to integrate acquisitions, it may not achieve expected growth synergies or financial, operating or other benefits, and it may incur , impairment charges or unforeseen liabilities that could negatively affect its operating results or financial position or could otherwise harm its business. Further, integrating an acquired business, products, or technology, or remediating underperformance and associated operational challenges, could divert management time and resources from other matters. The Company may decide to use shares of its common stock to complete an acquisition and/or make strategic investments in other companies, which may dilute the ownership interests of existing shareholders and adversely impact the price of our stock. Payment of Dividends/Share Repurchase Program CRH may not pay dividends or make other returns of capital to shareholders in the future, and our current share repurchase program may not enhance shareholder value. We cannot guarantee that we will pay or maintain dividends at their current level, or effect other future returns of capital (including, without limitation, share repurchases). Our ability to pay dividends or effect other returns of capital depends on factors such as our financial performance, cash flow requirements, business outlook, working capital requirements, interest expenses, economic climate, regulatory considerations, and any other factors deemed significant by the Board in exercising its discretion to return capital. In addition, under Irish law dividends may only be paid, and share repurchases and redemptions must generally be funded only, out of distributable reserves. In addition, we cannot guarantee that our share repurchase program of our Ordinary Shares will be fully consummated or that it will enhance shareholder value. The timing and actual number of shares repurchased/redeemed will depend on a variety of factors including the price, cash availability and other market conditions; the share repurchase program does not oblige us to repurchase/redeem any specific dollar amount or to acquire/redeem any specific number of shares, and may be suspended or terminated at any time, which may adversely affect the trading price of our Ordinary Shares. The existence of our share repurchase program could also cause increased volatility in the price of our Ordinary Shares or increase the price of our Ordinary Shares and thus reduce their liquidity. Additionally, repurchases and redemptions under our share repurchase program will diminish our cash reserves, which may adversely affect our financial position. 14 CRH FORM 10-K Business/Technology Investment CRH’s venture capital unit may fail to achieve expected commercial success and financial returns, and CRH may lose all or part of its investments in companies. CRH, through its $250 million Venturing and Innovation Fund, makes investments in ventures focused on construction, sustainability and digitalization technology whose products and services may offer us future competitive advantage. Investing in businesses and/or technologies presents inherent risks, with the potential that we may lose all or part of our investment if they fail to achieve anticipated strategic, technological, and financial returns. If we realize losses on our venture investments, our results of operations and financial condition may be adversely impacted. Sustainable Products and Innovation If CRH fails to develop new sustainable products that meet customer needs, we may fall behind our competitors and our financial performance may be adversely impacted. We operate in competitive markets with customers continuously pushing suppliers to deliver new, innovative products and solutions that enable them to work more efficiently, reduce their environmental footprint and realize greater cost savings. This is especially so in relation to changing customer preferences and demands for sustainability solutions with enhanced emissions and/or circularity profiles, including those with greater recycled content and/or innovations to existing products, that help them to deliver on their own climate and/or commitments. The failure to keep up with the pace of technological change may lead to increased operational costs and financial loss through the inability to supply products to customers who require innovative and sustainable solutions. Failure to leverage innovation and other sustainability initiatives, for example transitioning to innovative products such as RAP, permeable paving solutions, cements and other sustainability solutions, may shorten product life cycles or give rise to early product obsolescence thus impairing financial performance and/or future value creation. Commodity Products and Substitution CRH manufactures and supplies a large number of commodity products into highly competitive markets. Failure by CRH to maintain pricing in an inflationary environment and to differentiate its products from its competitors could adversely impact our financial performance. Many of the Company’s products are commodities that face strong volume and price competition, with pricing impacted by macroeconomic conditions, the competitive environment, the degree of utilization of production capacity and the specifics of product demand, among other factors. In addition, the Company’s local competitors are increasingly innovative and cost competitive, and our products may also face competition from substitute products, including new products, that the Company does not produce. Any significant shift in demand preference to these alternate products could adversely impact market share and results of operations. The Company may experience downward pricing pressure from time to time across its different markets and may not always be able to raise prices to offset increased operating expenses and inflationary pressures. The Company’s profits are particularly sensitive to changes in volume, as the cement business is and thus has significant fixed and costs. Any failure to maintain strong customer relationships could result in an inability to respond to changing consumer preferences and approaches to construction. Failure to differentiate and innovate could lead to adverse impacts on financial performance. Enabling Business Technology CRH depends on multiple types of information and operational technologies, and failure to properly manage and maintain such technologies could adversely impact our ability to operate. The Company makes significant capital investments in information and operational technology, and systems to promote operational efficiency and maintain competitive advantage. Some of these investments relate to complex, technology deployments that require specialist customization and project management to deliver expected value (including Enterprise Reporting Program (ERP) and industrial control systems deployments and upgrades). The Company maintains a complex operating environment in relation to both information and operating technology, that includes , hybrid and cloud technologies supported by a mixture of outsourced service providers and internal resources. Any failure to properly manage the customization and/or deployment of these systems or this complex operating environment may result in additional costs being incurred and/or delayed or eroded benefit realization. If we fail to make the required technological investments at the right time, or fail to appropriately leverage emerging technologies, we may lose competitive advantage and/or inhibit our ability to comply with evolving laws and/or regulations. Given the specific nature of the technology that the Company implements, it often relies on the support of specialist ; any failure to secure appropriately skilled and experienced may result in an increased risk of unsuccessful implementations, time delays and/or increased costs. Major Business Interruption CRH depends on the continued availability of people, production equipment, processes and systems, and our production could be materially disrupted by operational failures, which would have a negative impact on our profitability. Given the nature of some of our product lines, with significant fixed and costs, the Company's profits are particularly sensitive to changes in volume, creating an exposure to any natural and/or human events that could disrupt production. The ongoing, efficient operation of our facilities is often dependent on important pieces of equipment and IT networks/infrastructure. These can present single points of failure and can be difficult to quickly and/or easily replace due to long supply chain lead times and high associated capital costs. It is possible we could experience periodic disruption to equipment availability for a variety of reasons, including accidents, mechanical failures, fires/explosions, and extreme weather conditions. In addition to damaging equipment, extreme weather events could also disrupt operations through delaying project start dates, extending product curing times, and/or disrupting infrastructure on which we depend including power and water networks. In addition, the manual nature of some of our manufacturing processes and infrastructure projects, including highway construction and maintenance, creates a high level of dependency on our highly skilled workforce. Any event that materially inhibits our people from being able to work, including an inability to get to our facilities and/or customer sites or widespread sickness/pandemic, could materially disrupt our operations, with adverse impacts on financial performance. 15 CRH FORM 10-K Cybersecurity CRH depends on multiple information and operational technology systems, including certain systems for which are in whole or in part responsible. We may be unable to protect our assets and data against increasingly sophisticated cybersecurity attacks. Security breaches, IT interruptions or data loss could result in significant business disruption, loss of production, reputational damage and/or regulatory penalties. The Company has not been subject to a that has had a material impact on our operations or financial results. However, we have faced attempted and are likely to face future , including malware or ransomware attacks, or suffer other human or technological errors that have a material impact. Breaches, significant IT interruptions or errors could disrupt production software, permit manipulation of financial data, and could lead to corruption or theft of sensitive data that we collect and retain about our customers, suppliers, employees, and business performance. Following a material cybersecurity incident, the Company may incur significant remediation costs, may face regulatory proceedings and/or private litigation, and may suffer damage to our reputation and customer confidence in our operations. Our businesses rely on information and operational technologies to support critical business processes and activities, and failures or breaches of such technologies could lead to production curtailment and/or other operational disruptions. We rely on specialist to provide many of our information and operational technology systems, and vulnerabilities within such systems could have a material negative effect on us. The on whom we rely may themselves be affected by cybersecurity breaches or failures, which could lead to operational disruption or other negative consequences that could adversely impact our own business and financial condition. In addition, the Company regularly engages in acquisition activity as part of its active portfolio management. Many companies rely on different information and operational technology systems to the rest of the Company and may not have cybersecurity protections comparable to those implemented throughout the existing Company. Integrating companies and assets and implementing appropriate cybersecurity controls may be more and than anticipated. Failure to appropriately integrate new acquisitions into our cybersecurity and IT systems can lead to vulnerabilities and make our systems more complex to secure. Further, the global nature of our operations and diverse information and operational technologies used across the Company may result in potential delays in the detection and reporting of cyber incidents. In addition, as cybersecurity threats evolve, including from emerging technologies, such as advanced forms of AI and quantum computing, the Company is increasingly required to expend additional resources to enhance our cybersecurity protection measures and may be required to expend additional resources to investigate and remediate identified vulnerabilities. Supply Chain Failure CRH’s ability to maintain production capacity and/or quality depends on the reliable and economic sourcing of various input materials, and failure to manage any material disruption in our supply chains could adversely impact our ability to service our customers and result in a deterioration in operational and/or financial performance. The Company must reliably and economically source various raw materials, equipment and other inputs from many suppliers and then transport finished products to satisfy customer demands and meet contractual requirements. Our ability to balance maintaining resilient supply chains with optimizing our working capital and inventory levels is critical to the continuity and strong financial returns of our operations. Any failure to manage any material disruption in our supply chains, including where we do not hold adequate buffer stocks and/or are unable to source adequate alternatives within acceptable timelines and at reasonable cost, could adversely impact our ability to service our customers and result in a deterioration in operational and/or financial performance, and reputational damage. Some of the raw materials, equipment, transport and other inputs that the Company requires are limited to a small number of suppliers from which the Company can economically and/or practically source, which often have long lead times. Any of our suppliers may experience temporary, prolonged or even permanent operational disruption (e.g. significant system outages) and/or capacity in the market may fall below required levels (e.g. for haulage capacity), which could have an adverse impact on the Company’s operations, financial performance, and reputation. In addition, in certain markets in which the Company operates, including markets for steel, cement, bitumen and SCMs, contracted market demand can far outstrip supply, which may restrict the Company’s ability to obtain alternative suppliers or additional volumes where necessary. Our focus on responsible sourcing practices and other Environmental & Social Governance (ESG) considerations may also limit the pool of acceptable suppliers from which we may choose to source. Construction Contracts A number of our projects/contracts are complex, spanning multiple parties, years and/or products, and our future financial results may be adversely affected if we incorrectly forecast project budgets, deliver projects that do not meet contracted standards, or fail to deliver on time. Across the Company’s business lines, we enter into contracts for complex, projects that comprise multiple product lines and as such are exposed to inherent risks related to forecasting and budgeting, project management and delivery, and quality control. Any failure to manage these risks may reduce the Company’s profitability and/or damage its reputation, with associated impacts on our ability to bid for and/or win future contracts. Risks Related to Financial, Regulatory and Reporting Environment Laws, Regulations and Business Conduct CRH is subject to a wide variety of local and international laws and regulations. CRH may face adverse operational and financial effects and reputational damage, including significant fines, debarment or other sanctions, due to litigation or investigations in connection with breaches or perceived breaches of such laws and regulations or otherwise. In addition, we are governed by the Irish Companies Act, which differs from laws generally applicable to U.S. companies. As an Irish incorporated company, with a primary listing on the NYSE and an international secondary listing on the LSE, CRH must comply with a wide variety of local and international laws and regulations, including the Irish Companies Act, U.S. securities laws and regulations, NYSE listing requirements, the Market Abuse Regulation, the Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rules, and other relevant legislation and regulation. The Company is also subject to various statutes, regulations and laws affecting land usage, zoning, labor and employment practices, competition/ , financial reporting, taxation, and theft, , , governance, data protection and data privacy and security, environmental, health and safety, and international trade and sanctions laws, among other matters. 16 CRH FORM 10-K There can be no assurance that the Company’s policies and procedures will afford adequate protection against compliance failures or other fraudulent and/or corrupt activities. Any failure to comply with the requirements of any of these laws and/or regulations could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s business, results of operations, financial condition, prospects and/or reputation, with resultant litigation or investigations, the imposition of significant fines, sanctions, debarment from operating in key markets, and/or reputational damage. Where subject to litigation, we establish reserves in line with the requirements of the relevant accounting standards, where there is a clearly defined past event, when

[truncated]