BETA Close X CRH has filed a Preliminary Proxy Statement for its 2026 Annual General Meeting with the SEC, which is now available on the SEC's website and the company's own website. Additionally, CRH has published its Irish Statutory Accounts for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025, prepared under IFRS as adopted by the EU, also accessible on the company's website. Both the Preliminary Proxy Statement and the Irish Statutory Accounts have been submitted to the U.K. National Storage Mechanism. Disclaimer* CRH (NYSE: CRH), the leading provider of building materials, today filed a Preliminary Proxy Statement for the 2026 Annual General Meeting on Schedule 14A with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”). The Preliminary Proxy Statement is filed with the SEC in accordance with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. The Preliminary Proxy Statement is available to view on the SEC’s website at https://www.sec.gov and the Company’s website at https://www.crh.com . The financial statements of the Company for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025 prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) as adopted by the European Union (the “Irish Statutory Accounts”) were also published by the Company today and are also available to view on the Company’s website at https://www.crh.com . The Preliminary Proxy Statement and the Irish Statutory Accounts have also been submitted to the U.K. National Storage Mechanism and will shortly be available for inspection at https://data.fca.org.uk/#/nsm/nationalstoragemechanism . Enquiries Contact Neil Colgan Company Secretary Tel: 00 3531 6344340 View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20260313169509/en/ AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies CRH (CDI) (CRH) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 2 days ago British American Tobacco 2 days ago Mitie Group 2 days ago Marks & Spencer Group 2 days ago Hammerson 2 days ago Reckitt Benckiser Group All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and