BETA Close X JD Sports Fashion plc has released its inaugural Global Impact Report for FY26, detailing its responsible growth across 51 countries. Key achievements include engaging over 28,500 young people through its JD UP program, involving 130 schools and 80 charity partners, and supporting this activity with 1,500 colleagues and volunteers. The JD Foundation and JD Finish Line Foundation donated £2.5 million to community projects, while 320 UK colleagues enrolled in apprenticeships and 3,929 young people participated in virtual work experience. The report also highlights ongoing investments in AI, colleague development, supply chain transparency, and environmental performance. Disclaimer* JD Sports Fashion PLC 22 May 2026 22 May 2026 JD Group publishes 2026 Global Impact Report JD Sports Fashion plc ("JD" or "the Group"), a leading global omni-channel retailer of sports, fashion and outdoor brands, has published its inaugural Global Impact Report for FY26. The report outlines the Group's progress across people, communities, environment and ethical practice as it continues to grow its global business responsibly. The report, titled Growing Our Tomorrow Together , highlights how JD is embedding social impact, sustainability and colleague development across the 51 countries in which it has a presence. Key highlights from the report include: · More than 28,500 young people engaged through JD UP , JD's employability and social impact programme · 130 schools and 80 charity partners involved in JD UP programmes · 1,500 colleagues and volunteers supported JD UP activity globally · £2.5m donated through the JD Foundation and JD Finish Line Foundation to community projects and partners · 320 UK colleagues enrolled on apprenticeship programmes · 3,929 young people enrolled in virtual work experience through Springpod The report also outlines JD's continued investment in AI-enabled tools and colleague development, alongside ongoing work to strengthen supply chain transparency, ethical sourcing and environmental performance. Régis Schultz, CEO of JD Sports Fashion plc, said: "As we continue to grow our global footprint, our responsibility to our people, communities and environment grows with it. The JD Global Impact Report reflects our commitment to building a more inclusive, equitable and culturally aware organisation. It highlights the progress we have made, the voices shaping our direction and the global actions underway to ensure every colleague, customer and community experiences JD at its best." The full 2026 Global Impact Report is available here . ENDS About JD Sports Fashion plc Founded in 1981, JD Group is a leading global omni-channel retailer of sports, fashion and outdoor brands. With 4,811 stores across 36 countries, our fascias - including JD, Size?, Courir, DTLR, Shoe Palace, Hibbett, Sprinter, Sport Zone, Cosmos and Go Outdoors - deliver multi-brand and multi-category propositions that blend agility with trend-driven innovation. JD Group also operates 102 JD Gyms sites in the UK, and 75 franchised stores in a further 15 countries. We leverage our deep understanding of our customers, close relationships with established and emerging brands, and our exclusive product and own brands portfolio to deliver leading-edge athleisure, performance and streetwear products that address the very latest customer trends across footwear and apparel. We deliver this via our customer-focused omni-channel proposition that combines vibrant, theatrical stores - where sports fashion meets music and youth culture - with cutting-edge digital experiences for our customers. Our vision is to inspire the emerging generation of customers through a connection to the universal culture of sport, music and fashion. We drive this vision forward via our four strategic pillars: JD Brand First , first priority, first in the world; leveraging our Complementary Concepts to support JD Group's regional expansion; moving Beyond Physical Retail by building the right infrastructure and creating a lifestyle ecosystem of relevant products and services; and doing the right thing for our People, Partners & Communities . JD Sports Fashion plc is a constituent of the FTSE 100 index. Enquiries: JD Sports Fashion plc Maj Nazir, Director of Investor Relations Tel: 0161 767 1000 Headland Lucy Legh Rob Walker Eleanor Evans Tel: 020 3805 4822 This information is provided by Reach, the non-regulatory press release distribution service of RNS, part of the London Stock Exchange. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies JD Sports Fashion (JD.) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 34 minutes ago Next 53 minutes ago Whitbread 1 hour ago Mitie Group 2 hours ago Prudential 4 hours ago Carclo All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and