Across The Markets: Helios Towers, JD Sports, BAE Systems 2026-05-07 08:45:44 (3 months ago) Related Companies: BAE Systems (BA.) , JD Sports Fashion (JD.) , Helios Towers (HTWS) JD Sports & Fashion Athleisure wear retailer JD Sports issued full year results this morning and its global footprint provided a useful barometer on the state of consumer confidence worldwide. Organic sales growth of 2.1% was posted but gross margins were flat, profit before tax and adjusted items was off almost 8% and the outlook was less than stellar too. The FY27 picture offered nothing to cheer either, with best case being for flat profits but with a 20% dividend hike and the launch of a rolling share buyback also being announced, early weakness abated and the JD Sports share price was up as much as 2% by 8.30am. Helios Towers The operator of mobile phone network towers Helios released Q1 numbers today, noting a strong start to the year. Operating profits were 7% higher and the return on invested capital improved by 70 basis points. Combined with its strong pipeline, the company has upgraded FY26 guidance, bumping EBITDA forecasts $5m higher, with further improvements expected in FY27. The Helios Towers share price was up 16% in early trade. BAE Systems A solid start to the year for defence operator BAE Systems was heralded in today’s first quarter update but investors failed to share the positive sentiments. Full year guidance was maintained so whether the disappointment relates to the failure in posting a quick rebound here remains to be seen. Management also noted the business as being well positioned for medium term growth, but the BAE share price was down more than 3% shortly after the open. Most read news on Investegate this morning Agreement With Herald Investment Trust and Saba - - Aberdeen Group plc (ABDN) Secured Future for Herald - - Herald Investment Trust (HRI) FULL YEAR RESULTS 2025/26 (FY26) - - JD Sports Fashion (JD.) Disclaimer: This information does not constitute investment advice, nor does it necessarily reflect the views and opinions of Investegate. If in doubt consult a financial professional. Other Across the Markets Posts Across The Markets: ASOS, CMC Markets, Associated British Foods 01-07-2026 (1 month ago) Related Companies: ASOS (ASC) , Associated British Foods (ABF) , CMC Markets (CMCX) CMC Markets surges as trading update bolsters institutional outlook and ASOS finds investor support from asset disposal in the US but Associated British Foods slumps as ingredients division shows weakness. Across The Markets: Celsius Resources, Barratt Redrow, IWG 30-06-2026 (1 month ago) Related Companies: Barratt Redrow (BTRW) , Celsius Resources Limited (DI) (CLA) , IWG (IWG) Housebuilders turn lower as class action law suit over price fixing emerges, but IWG jumps on extended share buyback news and small cap Celsius Resources advances on asset disposal plans. Across The Markets: Eco Atlantic, Bridgepoint, BT Group 29-06-2026 (1 month ago) Related Companies: BT Group (BT.A) , Eco (Atlantic) Oil & Gas NPV (DI) (ECO) , Bridgepoint Group (Reg S) (BPT) BT Group sees modest gains off JV announcement with Verizon, Bridgepoint adds after acquisition news is well received and Eco Atlantic also finds cheer as farm out agreement gets government approvals. Across The Markets: Wise, Guardian Metals, Barratt Redrow 26-06-2026 (1 month ago) Related Companies: Barratt Redrow (BTRW) , Wise Class A (WISE) , Guardian Metal Resources plc (GMET) Barratt Redrow tops off week of gains with new CEO arrival date confirmed, Wise sees FY numbers at top end of estimates and Guardian Metals finds support ahead of next week’s feasibility study release. Across The market: 3i Group, Moonpig, easyJet 25-06-2026 (1 month ago) Related Companies: easyJet (EZJ) , 3i Group (III) , Moonpig Group (MOON) easyJet makes further gains as management offer an olive branch to suitor Castlelake, Moonpig surges on outperformance and buyback news, whilst 3i also reacts well to pre-AGM portfolio update. UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 4 hours ago Greggs 4 hours ago Greggs 5 hours ago Fuller Smith & Turner 5 hours ago CLS Holdings 5 hours ago Rolls-Royce Holdings All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and