AN) YEARS
tt

jdsportsfashionpic

OUR PURPOSE

The Group’s purpose is to be a leading
international multichannel retailer of
sports, fashion and outdoor brands with
core values of connecting with consumers

through continual investment in our

store portfolio, nurturing our global branded
supplier relationships and improving our
sustainability and financial performance.

OUR CULTURE AND VALUES

Entrepreneurial - The Group has a strong track record

of revenue growth, profit optimisation and international
expansion. We maintain ultimate flexibility in our business
model which enables us to capitalise on the fast pace of
consumer trends.

Competitive - Our brand ethos is all about innovation,
creativity and competitiveness. We respect each member

of our team and everyone is encouraged to put forward their
ideas, regardless of how big or small, as dynamic thinking is
what drives the business to be competitive.

Committed - The Group is committed to protecting the
long-term interests of its shareholders, whilst balancing
and promoting the interests of its other key stakeholders,
including its colleagues and suppliers.

Team-oriented - Our people are integral to our success

and are the heartbeat of our business. They deliver ona daily
basis to enable the Group to meet and exceed expectations.
Problems are solved and opportunities seized by people
working together from all levels of the organisation.

Ethical - We believe in extending our entrepreneurial and
competitive spirit beyond financial performance to making the
world around us a better place. We always strive to do the right

OUR STRATEGY

The Group's strategy is to continuously set the global standard

for retail experience through best-in-class operations, connected
consumer experiences and the unique delivery of the world’s most
authentic brands to the market. We seek to inspire the emerging
generation of globally minded consumers through a connection
to the universal culture of sport, music and fashion.

Further details of the Group's short and long-term strategy are
set out on pages 14 and 15.

13 acquisitions completed
during the financial year
including DTLR in the US

Strategic Report

Statement from the Board

Interim Non-Executive Chair's Statement
‘Our Investment Proposition

Our Business Model and Strategy
Strategy in Action

Principal Risks

Business & Financial Review
Alternative Performance Measures
Property and Stores Review
Environmental - Overview and Governance
Environmental - TCFD

Environmental - Climate Change
Environmental - Sector Emissions Data
Environmental - Sustainability

Social - Ethical Sourcing

Social - Our People

Social - Health & Safety

Social - The JD Foundation

Social - Global Empowerment
Governance - Section 172 Statement
Governance - Stakeholder Engagement

Governance
Board of Directors

Directors’ Report

Corporate Governance Report
Nominations Committee Report
Audit & Risk Committee Report
Directors’ Remuneration Report

Financial Statements

Statement of Directors’ Responsibilities
Independent Auditor's Report
Consolidated Income Statement

Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income

Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

Company Balance Sheet
Company Statement of Changes in Equity
Notes to the Company Financial Statements

Group Information
Financial Calendar
Shareholder information
Five Year Record

2
14
16
26
34
42
44
53
5S
60
64
67

n
76
80
82
84
86
87

92
94
99
106
108
14

131
132
142
142
143
144
145
146
219
220
221

235
235
236

HIGHLIGHTS

3
3
2
3
3
2

Revenue £m £8 563 0 Total dividend payable 0 KH
, A Mm per ordinary share** p . p

aoueuserog,

exceptional tems Em FOMT2m Pom eetoresxe™ £064.Jm |

per ordinary share™ p Llp per orainary shore 12.84p

|
in
13
3
8
3
E
ie
\s
s
13
3
2

Net aazete Em ~ £9999 Jn Net cash Em £1185.9m |

uoneuoju! dros

Average number él 831 Board gender diversity 48%
of employees Po) (% of female Board members) 0

* Throughout the Annual Report “indicates the first instance of a term defined and explained in the Alternative Performance Measures
section on page 42 along with a reconciliation to statutory measures. Further detail setting out the background to the Alternative
Performance Measures is given in Note 1 to the financial statements.

** Basic and adjusted earnings per ordinary share and dividends per ordinary share have been adjusted to reflect the share sub-division
effective 30 November 2021, as if the event had occurred at the beginning of the earliest period presented,

JD Sports Fashion Plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022 1

mcr any GST

: stores : average number
: of employees

Building our position
as the showcase

of choice for the
global sports fashion
industry, providing
unrivalled access to
the finest brands.

+ Asat 29 January 2022,

THE REPUBLIC OF IRELAND
THE NETHERLANDS
FRANCE

SPAIN AND THE CANARY ISLANDS.

PORTUGAL,

BABE |
V4 a

2 JD Sports Fashion Plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022

*

: territories across
: the globe

‘SWEDEN
FINLAND]

ESTONIA
LATVIA

LITHUANIA

POLAND.

THE CZECH REPUBLIC
‘AUSTRIA ,

SLOVAKIA

BULGARIA

ITALY

‘CYPRUS

ry =
& ra
3 g
z $
3 3
z 3
2 2

QURREVENUE CHANNELS === so

JD

Stores
size?
In-store devices FOOTPATROL
FINISH LINE.
Apps
‘SHOEPALACE
Online v
Wholesale LOVES
. Sprinter
SPORT ZONE
one
PERRY
rN
COSMOS
Gizeer
Ooms;
TESSUTI
scotts
MAINLINE
:
Outdoor brands
@Blacks
FISHING REPUBLIC
[sincarone | Oniillets
Naylors
WHEEL
BASE:
@Ultimate
Outdoors

JD Sports Fashion Pic Annual Report and Accounts 2022

2
s
3
2
3
3
g

aoueusano0g

squawayeys je;oueu!y

g
3
g
5
¢
Z
3
8

STATEMENT FROM THE BOARD

Governance

Balancing the operational requirements of
running and growing a business through a
global pandemic with the obligations of
elevating governance standards has been
complex and not without challenge.

A number of regulatory issues have arisen

through this time which have highlighted the

need for both greater relevant experience on

the Board and more formalisation in governance
systems, risk management recording, the
documentation and appraisal of internal controls
and the mechanisms for reporting relevant matters
to the regulatory authorities where appropriate.

As a result, since the year end the Board has
engaged external advisors to carry out a number
of independent investigations into certain matters
including these regulatory issues. Alongside these
investigations, as announced in February 2022,
the Group has also been undertaking a review of
its Governance procedures and policies in light

of the process to divide the previous joint role of
the Executive Chair and Chief Executive Officer.
This process extended into a full review of the
Group's Corporate Governance operating model
and assessment of its current compliance with
the UK Corporate Governance Code.

The Board has now completed the investigations
and the governance review and have ratified a
plan to rebase the governance, risk and control
environment. This will target compliance with
our various regulatory requirements whilst

also delivering a more formalised approach to
governance, risk management recording and
the documentation and appraisal of internal
controls. These actions are focused in four
principal workstreams:

- CMA regulatory compliance.

- FCA regulatory compliance re: limited permission
credit broking licence in certain UK businesses.

- Compliance with the UK corporate governance code.

- Risk management and internal control framework.

* Throughout the Annual Report "
section on page 42.

indicates the fir

tance of a term defined and exp!

Each workstream consists of a three-month
intensive programme of works to address priority
issues complemented by the development of
longer term initiatives. It is anticipated that it

will take 18 months to deliver and embed these
workstreams in full to ensure that we balance
rigour in relation to governance and control with
maintaining the agility that has been key to our
success to date.

Search For a New Group Chief Executive Officer
and Non-Executive Chair

Atits 2021 AGM on 1 July 2021, the Group
announced, with the support of Peter Cowgill,
that it intended to divide the role of Executive
Chair and Group Chief Executive Officer before
the 2022 Annual General Meeting. At that time,

it was intended that this would be achieved
through the appointment of a new Group Chief
Executive Officer with Peter Cowgill then moving
into the role of Chair with a progressive handover
of executive management responsibilities. In due
course, Peter Cowgill would then have been
replaced by a Non-Executive Chair.

Working with Spencer Stuart the Group commenced
@ global search for a new Group Chief Executive
Officer. A number of excellent candidates were
attracted to this role but a recurring theme was

a wish for a much shorter handover period. This
search process also coincided with the governance
and assurance workstreams referred to above and
it is the Board's view that the new Chief Executive
Officer should have the opportunity to shape

that process. Accordingly, the Board decided to
accelerate the separation of the roles of Chair

and Chief Executive Officer and Peter Cowgill left
the Group on 25 May 2022. Subsequently, Helen
Ashton accepted the role of Interim Non-Executive
Chair with Kath Smith, Senior Independent Director.
appointed as Interim Chief Executive Officer.

0 in the Alternative Performance Measures

4 JD Sports Fashion Pic Annual Report and Accounts 2022

The Board wish to thank Peter Cowgill for his
unwavering commitment, vision and inspirational
leadership since he re-joined the Group in 2004.
JD is a globally recognised iconic multichannel
retailer with a proven strategy, clear momentum
anda talented and resilient senior management
team who, through his guidance, are recognised
within the sports fashion industry as some of the
leading figures in their fields. The Board and Senior
Management team are united in their determination
to build on the historical successes with the same
laser focus on the consumer, commercial rigour,
attention to service excellence and analytical
intensity. We will continue to seek to inspire the
emerging generation of aspirationally minded
consumers through a connection to the universal
culture of sport, music and fashion with the highest
standards of consumer experience and execution,
both in stores and online. Building on our trusted
brand relationships, we will also continue to deliver
a product and brand mix which is emotionally
engaging, exclusive and continually evolving.

The process to recruit a Chief Executive Officer is
ongoing with a number of high calibre candidates
at different stages of consideration including some
who have only recently made their interest in the
role known. A process to recruit a new Non-Executive
Chair is also progressing at pace. Meanwhile, the
Board is happy with how the interim arrangements
are operating and will update the market on the
progress of these search processes as appropriate.

Board Composition

Prior to these recent developments, the Board had
made significant progress in its process to recruit
new Non-Executive Directors who can positively
contribute to the continued global development
and momentum of the Group. Helen Ashton initially
joined the Board on 15 November 2021 as Non-
Executive Director and Chair of the Audit & Risk
Committee. We were also delighted to welcome
during the year Bert Hoyt, who was formerly Head
of Europe for Nike; Mahbobeh Sabetnia, who has
been at the forefront of e-business expansions,
leading data-driven consumer insights to unlock
value and framing new business propositions in a
number of global organisations; and Andy Long,
who is an Executive Director at Pentland Group
Ltd and was formerly Chief Executive Officer at
Pentland Brands Ltd.

JD Sports Fashion Plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022

yoday >16axe15

‘0UeUIaA05

squawayers jeyoueul4

uoeWojuj dnoig,

STATEMENT FROM THE BOARD CONTINUED

More recently, Suzi Williams joined the Board on
16 May 2022. Suzi brings a significant amount of
consumer marketing and management experience
to the Group and. in due course, it is intended

that she will take up the role of Remuneration
Committee Chair.

Prior to her appointment as Interim Chief Executive
Officer, Kath Smith was confirmed as the Senior
Independent Director and Chair of the Nominations
Committee and, whilst it is acknowledged that she
cannot currently act as Senior Independent Director,
it is the Board's intention that she will revert back to
her former role upon the appointment of a permanent
Chief Executive Officer. Based on the current
progress in this search, the Board expects that Kath
Smith will resume her role as Senior Independent
Director before the end of the financial year. This
means that the Group would be compliant with

this aspect of the UK Corporate Governance Code
from the start of the next financial year. The Board
also considered whether she should continue as
Chair of the Nominations Committee but, to ensure
compliance with the UK Corporate Governance
Code, has concluded that this position should be
held by the Interim Chair.

Further, the Board has determined that. given both
the temporary nature of her position as Interim
Chair and the importance that it places on delivering
the plan to rebase the governance, risk and contro!
environment, Helen Ashton should also retain her
position as Chair of the Audit & Risk Committee.

Notwithstanding certain areas of non-compliance
with the UK Corporate Governance Code during
the year, the Group is pleased to advise that it

is fully compliant with the initiatives on Board
diversity proposed by the Hampton-Alexander
Review and the Parker Review.

Government Support

Throughout the COVID-19 pandemic. our priorities
have been to ensure the heaith and wellbeing of
our colleagues and customers, protect jobs,
preserve financial resources and limit the impact
on profitability. It is important to remember that
the stores were closed for a number of months

at the start of the year in some of our most
significant markets across Europe and whilst
stores progressively reopened through the
Spring, there was no certainty as to whether they
would stay open through the rest of the year and,
even if they did, whether footfall would be at a
level that would make the stores financially viable.
Accordingly, the Group accepted government
support where it was offered, including that
connected with property occupation, using it only
for the purposes intended. In particular, payments
from the Coronavirus Job Retention Scheme in the
UK helped provide the thousands of people that
we employed with short-term financial support
and reassurance regarding the sustainability of
their long-term employment prospects.

We are cognisant that the retention of sales in
the period when the stores were closed across
Europe in the early months of the year, combined
with the positive trading in the immediate period
after reopening, did help to offset the negative
financial impacts associated with the period of
temporary closures. Further, whilst there were
some subsequent periods of store closures,
particularly in Asia, later in the year, our most
significant markets all remained open through
the peak trading period and have traded positively.

Therefore, in line with our previous statements on
this matter and having considered all the relevant
facts, the Board decided that it would repay all of
the support that its businesses received from the
Coronavirus Job Retention Scheme in the UK
during the year. This repayment. which totalled
£24.4 million, has already been made.

6 JD Sports Fashion Plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022

INTERIM NON-EXECUTIVE CHAIR’S STATEMENT .-

ET res

2
F
3
3
2
3
3
8

a2uewsen0g

squawayeys jeioueuls

vonewsojuy dnoig

This result demonstrates our
Mi AU capacity for growth in both
existing and new markets,
HELEN ASHTON and the strength of our global
INTERIM NON-EXECUTIVE wo .
CHAIR proposition and consumer
engagement in-store and online”

22 June 2022

JD Sports Fashion Ple Annual Report and Accounts 2022 7

INTERIM NON-EXECUTIVE CHAIR'S STATEMENT CONTINUED

BUSINESS
DEVELOPMENTS
Introduction

This was another period of outstanding progress
with the Group delivering a record headline profit
before tax and exceptional items of £947.2 million
(2021: £421,3 million), more than double the
previous record of £438.8 million set in the period
to 1 February 2020, which was the last completed
financial year prior to the COVID-19 pandemic.

It includes £125.6 million of profit from the
combination of acquisitions in the year and the
annualisation period of businesses bought in the
52 weeks to 30 January 2021. The profit before tax
for the period was £654.7 million (2021: £324.0 million).
This result was achieved in the face of a series of
unprecedented challenges including sustained
periods of temporary store closures in many
markets, constraints in the supply of certain
products due to factory closures within the
global supply chains of the international brands,
widespread turbulence in international logistics
and the ongoing administrative and cost
consequences resulting from the loss of tariff-
free, frictionless trade with the European Union.

This result demonstrates our capacity for growth
in both existing and new markets, and the strength
of our global proposition and consumer engagement
in-store and online. We are, as always, indebted to
our talented and committed colleagues across our
Group and send our thanks for the amazing work
they do every day. This is crucial in our increasingly
global development and | would like to thank
everyone in our businesses for their significant
contribution and dedication,

Whilst the Group does not have any facilities or
employees in either Russia or Ukraine, we are
aware that many of our colleagues have relatives
and friends in these countries. The Group is deeply
concerned by the continuing conflict in Ukraine
and has ceased all trading in Russia across both
its brand websites and wholesale channels.

We are very reassured by the positive performance
of the Group's sports fashion retail fascias in

the UK and Republic of Ireland which delivered a
combined record.profit before tax and exceptional
items of £471.2 million (2021: £262.7 million;
2020: £288.5 million), Given that the stores were
again closed for a number of weeks in the year.
this performance reflects very positively both
the enhanced agility of the Group's operational
infrastructure in these countries and the depth
of the connection and trust that JO has built with
its consumers who are clearly very comfortable
engaging with JD through both physical and
digital channels.

We are also particularly encouraged by the strong
performance from the Group's banners in the
North America which have delivered a combined
profit before tax and exceptional items of

£343.0 million (2021: £171.9 million; 2020: £94.2 million).
This includes a full year contribution of £57.3 million
from Shoe Palace (2021: £13.9 million for Shoe
Palace in the six week period after acquisition)
and a part-year contribution of £50.6 million from
OTLR in respect of the period since the acquisition
was Completed. This result was heavily influenced
by the fiscal stimulus which was made available by
the Federal Government in the United States in the
first half of the year with revenues between mid-March
and mid-July more than 40% ahead of pre-COVID
levels. Encouragingly, our businesses in the United
States also traded positively in the second half of
the year when there was no stimulus support. as
compared to pre-COVID levels.

It is increasingly evident that the Group's progress
in North America, and the United States in particular,
is having a long-term positive impact both on the
Group's overall performance and its relationships
with the international brands. We continue to be
encouraged by the progress that JD is making in
the United States with 87 stores trading as JD at
the end of the year and it is our intention to further
expand the JD fascia in this financial year through
both new stores and the conversion of existing
Finish Line stores. We also opened the first Group
fascia stores in Canada in the year with a first JD
store in both Toronto and Vancouver and a Size?
store, also in Toronto.

Whilst there is a global shortfall in the supply
of certain key footwear styles at this time, the
Group continues to have excellent availability
both in stores and online with the Group
benefitting both from its status as a premier
global strategic partner and the overall width
of its category offer. We would also expect
that the supply from the impacted brands
will improve progressively through the
remainder of the year.

8 JD Sports Fashion Plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022

Group revenue

£8,568.0m

Group profit
before tax

£054.Jm

Basic earnings
per ordinary share

A

SIGNIFICANT M&A
TRANSACTIONS

The Group has completed a number of acquisitions
and other investments in the period, which look
to either expand the geographical reach of its
premium sports fashion operations or widen the
category offer to include other products which
are relevant to a style-conscious consumer.

DTLR Villa LLC (‘DTLR’)

The acquisition of 100% of DTLR completed

‘on 17 March 2021 for cash consideration of
$423.6 million with third party indebtedness

of $86.5 million also refinanced at this time.

At compietion, DTLR, which is based in Baltimore,
Maryland, had 247 stores selling athletic footwear
and apparel streetwear across 19 states, principally
in neighbourhood urban areas across the North
and East of the United States. Subsequent to
completion, DTLR was transferred to the same
sub-group as Finish Line, JD US and Shoe Palace.

Five new stores have opened subsequently
although these have been offset by the closure

of eight smaller under-performing stores. We
would anticipate further evolution of the property
portfolio in the forthcoming year with DTLR having
the support of the international brands to expand
its network of stores in its markets

Marketing Investment Group S.A. (‘MIG’)
The acquisition of MIG completed on 30 April 2021 Seth,
with a 60% holding acquired for total consideration _ in the year
of 348.9 million Polish Zloty PLN’) of which

12.7 million PLN has been deferred subject to 8
customary closing conditions and is expected to be
paid in 2022. At completion, MIG, which is based in
Krakow, Poland, had 410 stores trading principally
as either Sizeer, which is a premium multi-branded
fascia not too dissimilar to JD, or 50 Style, which is
a multi-branded volume retail concept with lower
price points. Whilst the majority of these stores are
located in Poland, the Company has also expanded
its reach beyond Poland in recent years with a
presence, at completion, in a total of nine countries
across Central and Eastern Europe.

Number of

Consideration paid
for acquisitions, net
of cash acquired

FGI6.bm

More recently, the MIG team has acquired the
trade and assets of a further 22 stores which
traded as The Athlete's Foot across Slovenia,
Croatia, Serbia and Bosnia & Herzegovina which
are all new territories for the MIG business. These
stores are currently being converted to Sizer.

The MIG team has also been instrumental in the
‘opening of the first JD stores in Eastern Europe
with stores at Poznan, Poland, and Constanta,
Romania. Since the period end, the Group has
opened four further JD stores in Poland, one
additional store in Romania and a first store

in Hungary, at the Arkad Shopping Centre in
Budapest. We would anticipate further openings
for the JD fascia across Eastern Europe in the
new financial year although events in Ukraine
do drive some caution

Deporvillage S.L. (‘Deporvillage’)

On 3 August 2021, Iberian Sports Retail Group SL
CISRG’), the Group's existing intermediate holding
company in Spain, completed the acquisition of
an initial 80% holding in Deporvillage which is
based in Manresa, Catalonia. Consideration of
€100.0 million was paid at completion with further
consideration up to a maximum of €40.4 million
deferred, to be paid contingent on achieving
certain performance criteria.

ISRG is @ leading operator in the sporting goods
market across Iberia through its Sprinter and Sport
Zone fascias with the acquisition of Deporvillage
providing additional expertise in both the development
Of dit intertidlivtidl Uigilal inifrastUclure anid insights of
the key performance-related categories of cycling,
running and outdoor.

JD Sports Fashion Plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022.9

2
3
rr
2
3
3

a2uewsan0g

squawiayeys jeroueul4

uonewsojuy dnoig,

INTERIM NON-EXECUTIVE CHAIR'S STATEMENT CONTINUED

Wheelbase Lakeland Limited (‘Wheelbase’) and
XLRB Limited t/a Leisure Lakes (‘Leisure Lakes’)
The Group has enhanced its presence in the UK
premium cycling market in the year through the
acquisitions of Wheelbase and Leisure Lakes.

On 30 September 2021, the Group acquired

77.5% of Wheelbase for £22.2 million. Based near
Kendal, Cumbria, on acquisition Wheelbase had
three stores in cycling hotspots, including the
renowned store at Staveley which, at 16,000 saft.
is one of the largest cycle stores in the UK. Wheelbase
is firmly established as one of the premier cycling
retailers in the UK selling key brands such as Cube.
Cannondale, Trek and Specialized. Working with
the Wheelbase team, the Group will open specialist
cycling concessions in selected Go Outdoors
stores with the first two concessions, in Coventry
and Stockton, now open.

On 19 November 2021, the Group also acquired
100% of Leisure Lakes for initial cash consideration
of £25.6 million with additional consideration up
to a maximum of £15.0 million payable if certain
performance criteria are achieved. Based near
Preston, Leisure Lakes had ten stores in urban
locations at completion and, like Wheelbase, is also
considered to be one of the leading omnichanne!
retailers of bicycles and associated accessories in
the UK and is a key partner for most of the major
cycling brands.

Cosmos Sport S.A. (‘Cosmos’)

On 21 October 2021, the Group acquired 80%

of Cosmos for cash consideration of €73.0 million.
Based in Crete, Cosmos had 58 stores in Greece
at acquisition with a further three stores in Cyprus.
Cosmos mainly trades under two fascias, being
Cosmos Sport and Sneaker 10. Cosmos Sport is the
core fascia trading through an elevated sporting
goods and lifestyle proposition with Sneaker 10
focusing on trainers and premium releases and

is more similar to the Group's Size? fascia.

Two new stores, one in Greece and one in Cyprus,
have opened since completion although these
have been offset by the closure of two of the
adidas monobrand stores. We would anticipate
further evolution of the property portfolio in the
forthcoming year with Cosmos having the support
of the international brands to expand its network
of stores in its markets. Further, this acquisition
also provides the Group with an infrastructure and
management team for the development of JD in
Greece and Cyprus, with the first store in Greece
currently expected to open in the second half of
this year.

GymNation Limited (‘GymNation’)

On 24 December 2021, the Group's existing
subsidiary JD Sports Gyms Limited (JD Gyms’)
acquired 100% of GymNation Limited and

its 100% owned subsidiary GymNation LLC
(together ‘GymNation’) for cash consideration

of $42.2 million and contingent consideration

of $6.1 million. Contingent consideration is
cash-settled and is linked to GymNation’s future
performance. It is initially measured at fair value
and is subsequently remeasured to fair value

at each reporting date until the contingency is
settled. The fair value of contingent consideration
recognised at 29 January 2022 is $6.6 million.
The maximum amount of the future payment

is £75 million. GymNation had seven gyms at
acquisition with five in Dubai, one in Abu Dhabi
and one in Ras Al Khaimah. The GymNation
approach is very similar to JD Gyms with a focus
on providing well-equipped gyms to a style-
conscious participant with extensive use of social
media in a digitally-led marketing approach and
memberships that are both affordable and flexible.

UPDATE ON
FOOTASYLUM
LIMITED
(‘FOOTASYLUM')

The Competition and Markets Authority
(CCMA) announced in its Provisional Report on
2 September 202! that it was again minded to
prohibit the Group's acquisition of Footasylum.
This decision was confirmed in the CMA’s Final
Report dated 5 November 2021.

We were very disappointed by this decision

as we firmly believed that we had provided
overwhelming evidence to the CMA in its
re-examination of the transaction of how the
COVID-19 pandemic has materially changed the
market for the retailing of international! sports
brands. In particular, the Group demonstrated
very clearly to the CMA how, by causing a
structural shift in favour of online shopping,
COVID-19 has empowered and accelerated the
Direct to Consumer strategies of the international
‘brands. The evidence of this is clear in the recent
public statements of not just the brands but

also some of their longest standing wholesale
customers. We continue to believe that JD, with
its recognised status as a premier global strategic
partner, would have positively influenced Footasylum’s
brand relationships and its access to product over
the longer term.

The Group has agreed Final Undertakings
with the CMA which require the divestment of
Footasylum to an ‘Approved Purchaser’. This
divestment process is ongoing with a number
of parties expressing interest in the business.

10 JD Sports Fashion Pie Annual Report and Accounts 2022