BETA Close X Bloomsbury Publishing PLC is streamlining its operating structure and strengthening its Board with the appointment of Jenny Ridout as an Executive Director, who will lead the Bloomsbury Global Academic & Professional division. The company is restructuring into three vertical business units, each with its own integrated functions, to enhance agility and accountability. Central functions, including Finance and Investor Relations, will be consolidated under the Chief Finance & Operations Officer. This organizational change aims to position the company for continued expansion and to better respond to market dynamics and technological advancements. Disclaimer* Bloomsbury Publishing PLC 15 April 2026 In respect of the earlier announcement RNS No 4759A , the Company wishes to confirm its adherence to Listing Rule 6.4.10 by stating that there is no related disclosure required in respect of Jenny Ridout's appointment. All other details remain unchanged. BLOOMSBURY PUBLISHING PLC ("Bloomsbury" or "the Company") Bloomsbury strengthens Board with appointment of Jenny Ridout and streamlines structure Bloomsbury is streamlining its operating structure and strengthening its Board for the next stage of growth. Jenny Ridout, currently Managing Director of the Academic & Professional Division, has been appointed to the Bloomsbury Board of Directors. Bloomsbury Chairman, John Bason, said, "Jenny Ridout has been appointed as an Executive Director on the Board of Directors of Bloomsbury. This follows our long established practice of having the leader of our academic publishing on the board. Jenny has also been our leader in Artificial Intelligence and was instrumental in both the AI training deal we announced in July and the partnership with Google we announced in December. She recently studied for a Post Graduate Diploma in Artificial Intelligence for Business from the Sa ї d Business School in Oxford. The board welcomes her voice for the future." Bloomsbury is also streamlining its operating structure, while retaining the current financial reporting. The company has operated a matrix structure with three major editorial divisions serviced by a global sales, marketing and publicity division. The central matrix structure has served Bloomsbury well over a period of considerable growth. To take this growth to the next stage, it has been decided to restructure to three vertical business units, with each business unit operating with its own editorial, sales, marketing and publicity, rights and audio functions reporting directly into the managing director of each. The new structure positions the company for greater agility, clearer accountability and continued expansion: · Bloomsbury Global Academic & Professional led by Jenny Ridout; · Bloomsbury USA led by Sabrina McCarthy, who continues to lead US Consumer and now also assumes responsibility for US A&P sales and marketing, rights and audio activity; and · Bloomsbury Consumer UK led by Kathleen Farrar, who becomes Managing Director of Consumer UK. Ian Hudson is retiring from his full time role and will remain with the company as a consultant to contribute to longer term strategic planning. Bloomsbury has consolidated central functions under Chief Finance & Operations Officer, Keith Underwood. These responsibilities will include Finance, Investor Relations, Commercial & Metadata, Operations, Royalties, Technology, Website and a central Project/Change Management office. Nigel Newton, Chief Executive, said, " The new organisational structure creates a clearer, more agile framework that will enable us to deliver the next phase of Bloomsbury's growth. By aligning our business units more closely with our key markets, we can respond to changing tastes and customer preferences, strengthening our international and digital capabilities, and leverage new technologies. We are positioning the company to align with our ambitions, to take best advantage of the opportunities ahead and to continue to create long term success . " The Company is making this announcement pursuant to UK Listing Rule 6.4.6R with no further disclosure necessary under UK Listing Rule 6.4.8R(2) to (6). For further information, please contact: Bloomsbury Publishing Plc Tamsin Garrity, Group Investor Relations Director tamsin.garrity@bloomsbury.com Hudson Sandler Dan de Belder / Hattie Dreyfus / Emily Brooker bloomsbury@hudsonsandler.com This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Bloomsbury Publishing (BMY) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 18 minutes ago Ajax Resources 52 minutes ago PPHE Hotel Group Ltd 2 hours ago Gana Media Group plc 2 hours ago Caledonia Investments 5 hours ago GCM Resources All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and