BETA Close X Bloomsbury Publishing PLC anticipates its full-year 2025/26 results will be in line with market consensus, with profit before taxation and highlighted items expected to be £44.3 million, driven by a strong Academic division performance. The company also announced that bestselling author Sarah J. Maas will release two new novels in her ACOTAR series on October 27, 2026, and January 12, 2027, a significant event given her status as the highest-selling author in the US in 2024 and the No.1 bestselling Fantasy author in the UK in 2025. Consequently, Bloomsbury now expects its full-year 2026/27 profit to be materially ahead of market consensus, which was previously £44.5 million. Disclaimer* Bloomsbury Publishing PLC 05 March 2026 BLOOMSBURY PUBLISHING PLC ("Bloomsbury" or "the Company") Sarah J. Maas announces the publication dates of her next two novels will be within the next year Trading Update: FY 2025/26 in line, FY 2026/27 expected to be materially ahead of expectations Bestselling author Sarah J. Maas has announced the publication dates of the next two novels in her A Court of Thorns and Roses ('ACOTAR') series which will be published on 27 October 2026 and 12 January 2027. Nigel Newton, Chief Executive of Bloomsbury, commented, "Fans all over the world are eagerly anticipating reading the next books in the ACOTAR series and we are very excited about this news. Publishing two novels within 11 weeks of each other from a bestselling author is almost unprecedented in publishing history." Sarah J. Maas was the highest selling author in the United States in 2024 according to Circana sales data and the No.1 bestselling Fantasy author in the UK in 2025. All 16 of Sarah J. Maas' previous novels are published by Bloomsbury. Bloomsbury expects group profit for the year ended 28 February 2026 to be in-line with market consensus expectations.* This reflects the benefits of Bloomsbury's portfolio of portfolios strategy and includes a strong performance from the Academic division. Looking ahead, group profit for the year ending 28 February 2027 is now expected to be materially ahead of market consensus expectations.* Further details on trading and outlook will be provided with the Company's Preliminary Results announcement scheduled for 20 May 2026. Note * The Board considers market consensus expectation ( before this publication) for profit before taxation and highlighted items for the year ending 28 February 2026 to have been £44.3m and the year ending 28 February 2027 to have been £44.5m. For further information, please contact: Bloomsbury Publishing Plc Tamsin Garrity, Group Investor Relations Director tamsin.garrity@bloomsbury.com Hudson Sandler Dan de Belder / Hattie Dreyfus / Emily Brooker bloomsbury@hudsonsandler.com Disclaimer This announcement contains inside information for the purposes of Article 7 of the Market Abuse Regulation (EU) 596/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("MAR"), and is disclosed in accordance with the company's obligations under Article 17 of MAR. The information in this announcement has not been audited or otherwise independently verified and no representation or warranty, express or implied, is made as to, and no reliance should be placed on, the fairness, accuracy, completeness or correctness of the information or opinions contained herein. None of the Company or any of its affiliates, advisors or representatives shall have any liability whatsoever (in negligence or otherwise) for any loss whatsoever arising from any use of this announcement, or its contents, or otherwise arising in connection with this announcement. This announcement does not constitute or form part of any offer or invitation to sell, or any solicitation of any offer to purchase any shares in the Company, nor shall it or any part of it or the fact of its distribution form the basis of, or be relied on in connection with, any contract or commitment or investment decisions relating thereto, nor does it constitute a recommendation regarding the shares of the Company. Certain statements, statistics and projections in this announcement are or may be forward looking. By their nature, forward‑looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties or assumptions that may or may not occur and actual results or events may differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. Accordingly, no assurance can be given that any particular expectation will be met and reliance should not be placed on any forward-looking statement. Accordingly, forward-looking statements contained in this announcement regarding past trends or activities should not be taken as representation that such trends or activities will continue in the future. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which are based on the knowledge and information available only at the date of this announcement's preparation. The Company does not undertake any obligation to update or keep current the information contained in this announcement, including any forward‑looking statements, or to correct any inaccuracies which may become apparent and any opinions expressed in it are subject to change without notice. References in this announcement to other reports or materials, such as a website address, have been provided to direct the reader to other sources of information on Bloomsbury Publishing Plc which may be of interest. Neither the content of Bloomsbury's website nor any website accessible by hyperlinks from Bloomsbury's website nor any additional materials contained or accessible thereon, are incorporated in, or form part of, this announcement. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Bloomsbury Publishing (BMY) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 2 hours ago GCM Resources 4 hours ago Pinewood Technologies Group 5 hours ago Cropper (James) 6 hours ago Keller Group 7 hours ago IWG All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and