BETA Close X Bloomsbury Publishing Plc will announce its Preliminary Results for the year ended 28 February 2026 on Wednesday, 20 May 2026, with a presentation for analysts and investors scheduled for 09:00 BST. The event will be hosted by the Chief Executive and the Chief Financial and Operating Officer and will be available via a live webcast, with a playback also accessible on the company's website. Disclaimer* Bloomsbury Publishing PLC 12 May 2026 12 May 2026 BLOOMSBURY PUBLISHING PLC Notice of Preliminary Results Bloomsbury Publishing Plc (LSE: BMY, "Bloomsbury", "the Company" or "the Group"), the leading independent publisher, will announce its Preliminary Results for the year ended 28 February 2026 on Wednesday 20 May 2026. A presentation for analysts and investors will be held on Wednesday 20 May at 09:00 (BST). The event will be hosted by Nigel Newton, Chief Executive, and Keith Underwood, Chief Financial and Operating Officer. There will be a live webcast of the presentation on the day via SparkLive (please note that you will need to create an account). To register to attend and access the webcast, please click here: https://sparklive.lseg.com/BloomsburyPublishing/events/4f164f11-6266-41ed-af75-80ce63903633/bloomsbury-full-year-results The webcast will be available for playback after the event on the Company's website. For further information, please contact: Bloomsbury Publishing Plc Tamsin Garrity, Group Investor Relations Director tamsin.garrity@bloomsbury.com Hudson Sandler Dan de Belder / Hattie Dreyfus / Emily Brooker bloomsbury@hudsonsandler.com This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Bloomsbury Publishing (BMY) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 18 minutes ago Ajax Resources 52 minutes ago PPHE Hotel Group Ltd 2 hours ago Gana Media Group plc 2 hours ago Caledonia Investments 5 hours ago GCM Resources All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and