BETA Close X Bloomsbury Publishing PLC announced that Katherine Rundell, a bestselling author, has signed a multi-film deal with Disney for her "Impossible Creatures" book series. Disney acquired theatrical film and ancillary rights to the series. Rundell will adapt the first two books into feature film screenplays. The first two books in the series have already sold over one million copies across 37 territories. Rundell expanded the "Impossible Creatures" series to five books earlier this year in two major seven-figure publishing deals with Bloomsbury and Knopf. Disney also secured a first-look development relationship with Rundell's production company, Impossible Films. Disclaimer* Bloomsbury Publishing PLC 08 October 2025 BLOOMSBURY PUBLISHING PLC ("Bloomsbury" or "the Company") Bloomsbury bestselling author Katherine Rundell announces multi-film deal with Disney Bloomsbury bestselling author Katherine Rundell has announced a multi-film deal with Disney (press release below). Katherine Rundell has published two books in the bestselling Impossible Creatures series with three more to be published. Bloomsbury hold the print, ebook and audio rights exclusively in the UK, Europe and Commonwealth. We have published Rundell since 2015 and in 2024 she was awarded both 'Author of The Year' and 'Children's Book of The Year' at The British Book Awards. THE WALT DISNEY STUDIOS ACQUIRES RIGHTS TO "IMPOSSIBLE CREATURES " BOOK SERIES FROM ACCLAIMED AUTHOR KATHERINE RUNDELL Expansive Deal Includes First-Look Relationship with Rundell's Production Company, Impossible Films. Rundell to Pen and Develop Theatrical Feature Film Screenplays for First Two Books in Blockbuster Fantasy Series BURBANK, CALIF. -07 October 2025- The Walt Disney Studios has acquired rights to acclaimed British writer Katherine Rundell's award-winning and critically celebrated fantasy series, "Impossible Creatures." The series which debuted in 2023 and is set in the fictional world of the Glimouria Archipelago, has quickly become a publishing phenomenon. The most recent installment, "The Poisoned King," debuted as an immediate global bestseller making Rundell the first U.K. children's author since J.K. Rowling to simultaneously reach the No. 1 position on the children's book charts in both the U.K. and the U.S. To date, Rundell's full body of work has sold more than four million copies worldwide, and in 2024 she was awarded both 'Author of The Year' and 'Children's Book of The Year' at The British Book Awards. Initially envisioned as a trilogy, Rundell expanded "Impossible Creatures" to a five-book series earlier this year in two major seven-figure publishing deals with Bloomsbury and Knopf. The first two books have already sold over one million copies across 37 territories, and Rundell is in discussions to further expand the franchise beyond the five-novel series. As part of Disney's expansive deal with Rundell and her production company Impossible Films, Disney has secured theatrical film and ancillary rights to the "Impossible Creatures " series, with Rundell central to the creative vision and development of the franchise. She will adapt the first two books into feature film screenplays under the Disney Live Action banner and produce alongside her creative partner Charles Collier. In addition, Impossible Films will begin a first-look development relationship with Disney that includes all of Rundell's current and upcoming literary properties. Impossible Films will remain based in London and led by Rundell with a team that includes Collier, producer Alexandra Derbyshire ("Paddington 2," "Wonka") and Simon Bax, former CFO of Pixar Animation Studios and President of Studio Operations at Fox. Rundell's transportive book series will join Disney's legacy of groundbreaking storytelling and collaboration with visionary artists and filmmakers. With its richly imagined universe brimming with unique characters and endless possibilities, "Impossible Creatures" and the world of "Glimouria" are poised to captivate audiences for years to come. "I'm absolutely thrilled to be linking arms with Disney. It's a privilege to be writing these screenplays and developing these first movies in the franchise together with Charles, my team at Impossible Films, and with the exceptional team at Disney," said Katherine Rundell. "I'm especially grateful to Bob Iger, whose enthusiasm after reading the book helped set this collaboration in motion, and to Alan Bergman and David Greenbaum for being incredible partners throughout this process. Our ambition is to build 'Glimouria' and 'Impossible Creatures' into a spectacular series of films, so that we can entertain and inspire family audiences across the world." "When I read 'Impossible Creatures,' I knew it belonged here at Disney. I was immediately drawn into the vibrant world Katherine imagined and the possibilities of what we could do together with this story," said Bob Iger, CEO of The Walt Disney Company. "Written by Katherine herself, these movies are in the best of hands with our Walt Disney Studios team, and I can't wait to see this tale brought to the screen." "Katherine Rundell has masterfully crafted a spectacular and immersive world with 'Impossible Creatures,' and her vision is a perfect match for the Disney storytelling tradition," said Alan Bergman, Co-Chairman, Disney Entertainment, The Walt Disney Company, and David Greenbaum, President, Disney Live Action and 20th Century Studios. "We are thrilled to collaborate with Katherine and Charles to bring this epic saga to life for audiences worldwide-it's going to be an extraordinary adventure." About Katherine Rundell: Katherine Rundell is an award-winning author, screenwriter, presenter, and academic. Her books have sold over 4 million copies worldwide. Her most recent novels "The Poisoned King" and "Impossible Creatures" were both instant Sunday Times Bestsellers and #1 New York Times Bestsellers. "Impossible Creatures" received universal critical acclaim and won the Waterstones 2023 Book of the Year Award. In 2024, Katherine was awarded 'Author of the Year' and 'Children's Fiction Book of the Year' at the British Book Awards. Her other award-winning novels for children include "Rooftoppers," "The Wolf Wilder" and "The Explorer." ​ Katherine's further books include the critically acclaimed and bestselling "Super-Infinite," a biography of the metaphysical poet John Donne, which won the prestigious Baillie Gifford Prize for best non-fiction nook of the year. Her book about the extinction crisis "The Golden Mole" and her book "Why You Should Read Children's Books, Even Though You Are So Old And Wise" were also Sunday Times Bestsellers. ​ Katherine's work has been awarded the Costa Children's Book Award, Blue Peter Book Award, Waterstones Book of the Year, and the Waterstones Children's Book Prize, amongst others. As a journalist, she contributes to The London Review of Books, The New Yorker, The New York Times, The Guardian and The Times. Her work as a writer and presenter for television and radio includes "Abducted" for the BBC and "The Lion, the Witch and the Wonder" for BBC Radio 4 and the upcoming "A Carnival of Animals" which will broadcast in 20 episodes across October 2025 on BBC Radio 4. In 2023, she established her production company Impossible Films, through which she develops film, TV and theatre projects based on her own works. Katherine is a Fellow of St Catherine's College, Oxford and quondam fellow of Fellow of All Souls College, Oxford. For further information, please contact: Bloomsbury Publishing Plc Tamsin Garrity, Head of Investor Relations tamsin.garrity@bloomsbury.com Hudson Sandler +44 (0) 20 7796 4133 Dan de Belder / Hattie Dreyfus / Emily Brooker bloomsbury@hudsonsandler.com This information is provided by Reach, the non-regulatory press release distribution service of RNS, part of the London Stock Exchange. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Bloomsbury Publishing (BMY) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 18 minutes ago Ajax Resources 52 minutes ago PPHE Hotel Group Ltd 2 hours ago Gana Media Group plc 2 hours ago Caledonia Investments 5 hours ago GCM Resources All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and