BETA Close X Bloomsbury Publishing PLC has announced a strategic collaboration with Google Cloud to leverage AI technologies for innovation in publishing and learning. This partnership will integrate Google's AI tools, including NotebookLM, Vertex AI, and Gemini Enterprise, with Bloomsbury's publishing expertise to enhance book discovery, sales, and educational content engagement. The company anticipates improved trend analysis, inventory management through custom print prediction models, and a transformation of learning outcomes. This investment is already factored into Bloomsbury's existing capital expenditure plans, aiming to drive significant business growth and revolutionise content discovery and learning experiences. Disclaimer* Bloomsbury Publishing PLC 03 December 2025 BLOOMSBURY PUBLISHING PLC ("Bloomsbury" or "the Company") Google and Bloomsbury Strategic Collaboration Bloomsbury announces a new strategic collaboration with Google Cloud focused on technology innovation, AI-powered learning and core publishing infrastructure. The collaboration will combine Bloomsbury's publishing expertise with secure AI technologies from Google Cloud, such as NotebookLM, Vertex AI and Gemini Enterprise. Gemini is Google's most capable family of multimodal AI models, and LearnLM is a specialized version of Gemini, fine-tuned for learning and knowledge synthesis. Nigel Newton, Founder and Chief Executive of Bloomsbury, stated, "Bloomsbury is pleased to be working with Google in this collaboration to demonstrate how cutting-edge technology can increase the discovery and sales of books, as well as transform engagement with content to improve learning outcomes." In the Academic Division, Bloomsbury Digital Resources (BDR) is at the forefront of digital innovation as an established, trusted education provider. The educational landscape is rapidly evolving with AI-powered platforms, personalised learning tools and agentic technologies. BDR will continue to enhance its services by leveraging AI tools for increased discovery and engagement. With an advanced AI infrastructure, Bloomsbury will benefit from data-driven and semantic search insights to improve trend analysis and drive book sales across Bloomsbury's entire catalogue, while custom print prediction models can improve inventory management. The investment Bloomsbury is making in this strategic collaboration has been factored into the Company's existing capital expenditure plans . This collaboration will further Bloomsbury's mission to inspire, educate, and entertain readers through publications of excellence and originality. Debbie Weinstein, President of Google in Europe, Middle East and Africa, said: "This collaboration demonstrates how Google Cloud's advanced AI capabilities, including Vertex AI and Gemini Enterprise, can empower leading organizations to transform their industries. We look forward to helping Bloomsbury revolutionise content discovery, enhance learning, and drive significant business growth through intelligent, scalable solutions." For further information, please contact: Bloomsbury Publishing Plc Tamsin Garrity, Group Investor Relations Director tamsin.garrity@bloomsbury.com Hudson Sandler Dan de Belder / Hattie Dreyfus / Emily Brooker bloomsbury@hudsonsandler.com +44 (0) 20 7796 4133 Disclaimer The information in this announcement has not been audited or otherwise independently verified and no representation or warranty, express or implied, is made as to, and no reliance should be placed on, the fairness, accuracy, completeness or correctness of the information or opinions contained herein. None of the Company or any of its affiliates, advisors or representatives shall have any liability whatsoever (in negligence or otherwise) for any loss whatsoever arising from any use of this announcement, or its contents, or otherwise arising in connection with this announcement. This announcement does not constitute or form part of any offer or invitation to sell, or any solicitation of any offer to purchase any shares in the Company, nor shall it or any part of it or the fact of its distribution form the basis of, or be relied on in connection with, any contract or commitment or investment decisions relating thereto, nor does it constitute a recommendation regarding the shares of the Company. Certain statements, statistics and projections in this announcement are or may be forward looking. By their nature, forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties or assumptions that may or may not occur and actual results or events may differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. Accordingly, no assurance can be given that any particular expectation will be met and reliance should not be placed on any forward-looking statement. Accordingly, forward-looking statements contained in this announcement regarding past trends or activities should not be taken as representation that such trends or activities will continue in the future. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which are based on the knowledge and information available only at the date of this announcement's preparation. The Company does not undertake any obligation to update or keep current the information contained in this announcement, including any forward-looking statements, or to correct any inaccuracies which may become apparent and any opinions expressed in it are subject to change without notice. References in this announcement to other reports or materials, such as a website address, have been provided to direct the reader to other sources of information on Bloomsbury Publishing Plc which may be of interest. Neither the content of Bloomsbury's website nor any website accessible by hyperlinks from Bloomsbury's website nor any additional materials contained or accessible thereon, are incorporated in, or form part of, this announcement. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Bloomsbury Publishing (BMY) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 18 minutes ago Ajax Resources 52 minutes ago PPHE Hotel Group Ltd 2 hours ago Gana Media Group plc 2 hours ago Caledonia Investments 5 hours ago GCM Resources All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and