BETA Close X Bloomsbury Publishing Plc has provided a trading update for the first four months of 2026/27, indicating a strong outlook and confidence in delivering record profit in line with expectations. The company anticipates revenue of £354.2 million and Adjusted Profit of £49.9 million for the full year ending February 28, 2027. This optimism is supported by strong new titles in the Consumer Division, ongoing AI licensing revenue, and continued growth in the Academic & Professional Division across all territories, excluding AI. Disclaimer* Bloomsbury Publishing PLC 15 July 2026 BLOOMSBURY PUBLISHING PLC AGM Trading Update 2026 Strong outlook underpins confidence in delivering record profit in line with expectations Bloomsbury Publishing Plc (LSE: BMY, "Bloomsbury" or "the Company"), the leading independent publisher, provides the following trading update for the first four months of 2026/27 ahead of the Company's Annual General Meeting ("AGM") at 12.00pm today. In 2026/27, Bloomsbury is publishing strong new titles in its Consumer Division. These include new books by bestselling authors Sarah J. Maas, Gillian Anderson, Katherine Rundell, Samantha Shannon, Louise Kennedy, Dan Jones and Peter Frankopan. The Christmas launch of HBO's new Harry Potter TV series will introduce the novels to a new generation of readers. Bloomsbury continues to benefit from ongoing AI licensing revenue in 2026/27. Excluding AI, the Academic & Professional Division continues to achieve growth year to date across all territories. The Board remains confident in delivering Adjusted Profit in line with expectations for the full year.* We will provide further details with our Interim Results announcement in October 2026. * The Board considers current consensus market expectations for the year ending 28 February 2027 to be revenue of £354.2m and Adjusted Profit of £49.9m. Adjusted Profit is profit before taxation and highlighted items. Highlighted items comprise amortisation of acquired intangible assets and legal and other professional costs relating to ongoing and completed acquisitions and restructuring costs. For further information, please contact: Bloomsbury Publishing Plc Tamsin Garrity, Group Investor Relations Director tamsin.garrity@bloomsbury.com Hudson Sandler Dan de Belder / Emily Brooker bloomsbury@hudsonsandler.com Disclaimer The information in this announcement has not been audited or otherwise independently verified and no representation or warranty, express or implied, is made as to, and no reliance should be placed on, the fairness, accuracy, completeness or correctness of the information or opinions contained herein. None of the Company or any of its affiliates, advisors or representatives shall have any liability whatsoever (in negligence or otherwise) for any loss whatsoever arising from any use of this announcement, or its contents, or otherwise arising in connection with this announcement. This announcement does not constitute or form part of any offer or invitation to sell, or any solicitation of any offer to purchase any shares in the Company, nor shall it or any part of it or the fact of its distribution form the basis of, or be relied on in connection with, any contract or commitment or investment decisions relating thereto, nor does it constitute a recommendation regarding the shares of the Company. Certain statements, statistics and projections in this announcement are or may be forward looking. By their nature, forward‑looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties or assumptions that may or may not occur and actual results or events may differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. Accordingly, no assurance can be given that any particular expectation will be met and reliance should not be placed on any forward-looking statement. Accordingly, forward-looking statements contained in this announcement regarding past trends or activities should not be taken as representation that such trends or activities will continue in the future. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which are based on the knowledge and information available only at the date of this announcement's preparation. The Company does not undertake any obligation to update or keep current the information contained in this announcement, including any forward‑looking statements, or to correct any inaccuracies which may become apparent and any opinions expressed in it are subject to change without notice. References in this announcement to other reports or materials, such as a website address, have been provided to direct the reader to other sources of information on Bloomsbury Publishing Plc which may be of interest. Neither the content of Bloomsbury's website nor any website accessible by hyperlinks from Bloomsbury's website nor any additional materials contained or accessible thereon, are incorporated in, or form part of, this announcement. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Bloomsbury Publishing (BMY) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 2 hours ago GCM Resources 4 hours ago Pinewood Technologies Group 5 hours ago Cropper (James) 6 hours ago Keller Group 7 hours ago IWG All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and