BETA Close X Bloomsbury Publishing Plc has released its Annual Report and Accounts for the year ended 28 February 2026, along with the Notice of AGM, which will be held on 15 July 2026. The report details the Directors' Responsibility Statement, Principal Risks and Uncertainties, and Related Party Transactions. Key management remuneration decreased to £4.9 million for the year ended 28 February 2026 from £7.2 million in the prior year, while sales of goods to subsidiaries fell to £8.3 million from £15.5 million. The company is actively managing risks including market volatility, increased dependence on internet retailing, and the impact of open access policies, with mitigation strategies in place for each. Disclaimer* Bloomsbury Publishing PLC 19 June 2026 19 June 2026 Annual Financial Report Bloomsbury Publishing Plc (the "Company") The Company released its Preliminary Announcement of annual results for the year ended 28 February 2026 on 20 May 2026. Further to the Preliminary Announcement, the Company can confirm that the Annual Report and Accounts for the year ended 28 February 2026 (" 2026 Annual Report ") and the Notice of Annual General Meeting (" Notice of AGM ") have been posted, or otherwise made available, to Shareholders. The 2026 Annual Report and the Notice of AGM may also be viewed on the Company's website at www.bloomsbury-ir.co.uk . AGM The Company's Annual General Meeting (" AGM ") will be held on Wednesday 15 July 2026 at 12.00 noon at the Charlotte Street Hotel, 15-17 Charlotte Street, London W1T 1RJ . National Storage Mechanism Pursuant to Listing Rule 6.4.1R, electronic copies of the 2026 Annual Report and the Notice of AGM have been submitted to the National Storage Mechanism and will shortly be available for inspection at https://data.fca.org.uk/#/nsm/nationalstoragemechanism . Additional Information In accordance with Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rule 6.3.5R, additional information is set out in the appendices to this announcement. The Directors' Responsibility Statement, a description of the Principal Risks and Uncertainties and details of Related Party Transactions are set out below in full unedited text extracted from the 2026 Annual Report. The text below should be read in conjunction with the Company's final results for the period ended 28 February 2026 which were announced on 20 May 2026. This information is not a substitute for reading the 2026 Annual Report. For further information, please contact: Bloomsbury Publishing Plc Maya Abu-Deeb, Group General Counsel & Company Secretary maya.abu-deeb@bloomsbury.com Hudson Sandler +44 (0) 20 7796 4133 Dan de Belder / Hattie Dreyfus / Emily Brooker bloomsbury@hudsonsandler.com APPENDIX 1: Directors' Responsibilities Statement The following directors' responsibility statement is extracted from the 2026 Annual Report (page 106): Statement of Directors' responsibilities The Directors are responsible for preparing the Annual Report and the Group and Parent Company financial statements in accordance with applicable law and regulations. Company law requires the Directors to prepare Group and Parent Company financial statements for each financial year. Under that law, they are required to prepare the Group financial statements in accordance with UK-adopted international accounting standards and applicable law and have elected to prepare the Parent Company financial statements on the same basis. Under Company Law, the Directors must not approve the financial statements unless they are satisfied that they give a true and fair view of the state of affairs of the Group and Parent Company and of the Group's profit or loss for that period. In preparing each of the Group and Parent Company financial statements, the Directors are required to: • select suitable accounting policies and then apply them consistently; • make judgements and estimates that are reasonable, relevant, reliable and prudent; • state whether they have been prepared in accordance with international accounting standards in conformity with the requirements of the Companies Act 2006; • assess the Group and Parent Company's ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern; and • use the going concern basis of accounting unless they either intend to liquidate the Group or the parent Company or to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so. The Directors are responsible for keeping adequate accounting records that are sufficient to show and explain the Company's transactions and disclose with reasonable accuracy at any time the financial position of the Company and enable them to ensure that its financial statements comply with the Companies Act 2006. They are responsible for such internal control as they determine is necessary to enable the preparation of financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and have general responsibility for taking such steps as are reasonably open to them to safeguard the assets of the Group and to prevent and detect fraud and other irregularities. Under applicable law and regulations, the Directors are also responsible for preparing a Strategic Report, Directors' Report, Directors' Remuneration Report and Corporate Governance Statement that complies with that law and those regulations. The Directors are responsible for the maintenance and integrity of the corporate and financial information included on the Company's website. Legislation in the UK governing the preparation and dissemination of financial statements may differ from legislation in other jurisdictions. In accordance with Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rule 4.1.15R, the financial statements will form part of the annual financial report prepared using the single electronic reporting format under the TD ESEF Regulation. The Auditor's report on these financial statements provides no assurance over the ESEF format. Safe harbour Under the Companies Act 2006, a safe harbour limits the liability of Directors in respect of statements in and omissions from the Strategic Report and the Directors' Report. Pages 01 to 213 of the Annual Report, and the front and back covers to the Annual Report, are included within the Directors' Report by reference and so are included within the safe harbour. Responsibility statement of the Directors in respect of the annual financial report Each of the Directors, whose names and functions are set out on pages 96 to 98 of this Annual Report, confirms that to the best of their knowledge: • the financial statements, prepared in accordance with the applicable set of accounting standards, give a true and fair view of the assets, liabilities, financial position and profit or loss of the Company and the undertakings included in the consolidation taken as a whole; and • the Strategic Report/Directors' Report includes a fair review of the development and performance of the business and the position of the issuer and the undertakings included in the consolidation taken as a whole, together with a description of the principal risks and uncertainties that they face. We consider the Annual Report and Accounts, taken as a whole, is fair, balanced and understandable and provides the information necessary for Shareholders to assess the Group's position and performance, business model and strategy. Legislation in the UK governing the preparation and dissemination of financial statements may differ from legislation in other jurisdictions. The Strategic Report and Directors' Report were approved by the Board on 19 May 2026. APPENDIX 2: Principal Risks and Uncertainties The following description of the principal risks and uncertainties that the Company faces is extracted from the 2026 Annual Report (pages 85 to 91): Key: ↑ Increase, ↔ No change, ↓ Reduced Principal Risks Key area Description Mitigation Market Changes during the year ↑ Market Market volatility: impact of economic instability, changes in geopolitics or trading patterns Economic instability, trade wars and/or inflationary pressures may lead to changes in consumer demand for products, impacting revenues and margins. • Bloomsbury combines academic and general publishing in different formats and distributes its products through multiple channels. In addition, we operate in multiple countries and sell our products worldwide. This diversified portfolio and customer base, creates a level of resilience in respect of market or country-specific downturns • Close monitoring of revenue streams, lists and channels; range and diversity of our content; resilience of demand for strong content • Continued focus on promoting Academic & Professional sales and BDR products • Continued focus on acquisition opportunities to support growth • Increased marketing and sales activities focused on retaining reader engagement • Renewed focus on promotion of reading for pleasure including at key travel points • Ongoing focus on expansion in international markets in order to mitigate against economic downturn in any particular market; international expansion and penetration of new markets, in line with Bloomsbury's strategic priorities. Increased dependence on internet retailing Growth of online retailers may impact the discoverability of Bloomsbury titles and lead to a reduction in sales channels available to the Group. • Grow expert marketing teams skilled in internet sales. • Engage with multiple internet retailers and support independent retailers. • Focus on promoting sales from the Company's own website and on direct sales to customers • Increase focus on developing other marketing opportunities and other revenue streams, e.g. academic and professional digital products, rights and services Open access Policy changes in the UK, Europe and the US are accelerating the requirement for publicly funded scholarly content to be published on an Open Access basis. As from 1 January 2024, UK Research and Innovation (UKRI) UKRI has mandated that monographs, book chapters and edited collections that acknowledge UKRI funding to be made Open Access within 12 months of publication. A similar mandate applying to all monographs submitted to the Research Excellence Framework (REF) - the UK's system for assessing the quality of research in UK higher education institutions - may follow. If there is not sufficient public funding in place, then income from UK-originated monographs that are submitted to the REF may be impacted. • Develop digital services that deliver mixed Open Access and proprietary content in the form that customers demand and will continue to pay for. • Director of Research and Open Access manages responses to developments in Open Access publishing and related mandates to ensure the successful transition to sustainable Open Access business models. Business workflow and systems are in the process of being adapted to ensure capacity to operate at scale • Open Access publishing initiatives are underway to ensure Bloomsbury is well placed to continue to serve its UK academic authors, following the adoption of UKRI's proposed policy in respect of monographs from 2024. An example is Bloomsbury Open Collections, an innovative commercial Open Access model. Further information on Bloomsbury Open Collections is available on our website www.bloomsbury.com. Importance of digital publishing Changes during the year ↑ BDR product development Failure to keep pace with market demand for digital content impacts on revenue and profit. • Develop a portfolio of high-quality online content services in markets we understand well • Use third party content and content partnerships to scale up projects more quickly and create economies of scale. • Continue to invest in internal resource and infrastructure to support product pipeline • Continue to actively pursue Academic acquisition opportunities that will support the scaling up and enhancement of existing digital products and the creation of new ones. Reduced budgets for academic libraries and institutions may impact revenue. • Adoption of flexible sales models where budgets for annual subscriptions are restricted • Broaden the international institutional customer base so that the Company is not reliant on sales in specific territories; during the year the Company opened Bloomsbury Singapore, to maximise opportunities presented by the flourishing academic environment across the Asia Pacific region Legislative and other measures taken in certain US States to restrict access by academic institutions to certain types of content may impact on sales • Adoption of technological measures to enable librarians and administrators to select content according to local and State regulations Acquisitions Changes during the year ↔ M&A activity Acquisitions could deliver lower than expected return on investment. Poor acquisitions may result in potential impairment charges. • Potential acquisition targets are assessed by the members of the Executive Committee according to strategic and cultural fit. Thorough pre-acquisition due diligence is conducted by relevant functions, including finance, legal, publishing and sales. Capital allocation for acquisitions is determined at Group level and approved by the Board. Integration plans are developed at Divisional level and are implemented by a cross-functional team of experts, with Divisional oversight • Regular reports are presented to the Board throughout the year on post-acquisition performance, including an assessment of any variation to the expected return on investment Title acquisition (Consumer publishing) Changes during the year ↔ Commercial viability Titles may be acquired that are not commercially, or critically, successful. • Advances over a certain limit are required to be authorised by the Chief Financial & Operating Officer • Financial forecasts are prepared prior to acquisition to predict commercial success • Focus on acquiring world rights where possible in order to increase sales opportunities and mitigate the risk posed by competing editions in open markets • Editorial guidelines and policies in place to guide acquisition decisions Information and technology systems Changes during the year ↔ Cybersecurity/malware attack Unauthorised access to the Company's systems may result in fraud, a data privacy breach, theft of intellectual property, inability to access, or damage to, vital systems and assets, thus causing financial and reputational damage to the Group. • Clear governance mechanisms in place which assign responsibility for systems security and monitoring, including the establishment of an Information Security Oversight Committee • Implementation of technological security programmes and controls which are kept under review and updated to address evolving cyber threats • Maintenance of appropriate information security and IT acceptable use policies • Training provided to all staff on cybersecurity risk, including regular phishing simulations • Appropriate incident response plans in place which include procedures to recover and restore data and systems in the event of a cyber event Inadequate internal access controls or security measures Inadequate controls over certain processes could lead to sensitive data being, inadvertently, revealed internally or externally. • Sensitive personal data is stored securely and protected with password controls or encryption. User access controls are embedded in the Company's finance systems Financial Valuations Changes during the year ↔ Judgemental valuation of assets and provisions Significant assets and provisions in the balance sheet depend on judgemental assumptions, e.g. goodwill, advances, intangible rights, inventory and returns provisions. • Consistent and evidence-based approach to assumptions • Board approval of key assumptions Intellectual Property Changes during the year ↑ Erosion of copyright Erosion of traditional copyrights as a result of developments in law, including legislative developments. • Ongoing policy of support for copyright and intellectual property rights as a fundamental facet of publishing; active engagement with industry bodies including the UK Publishers Association and the American Association of Publishers to promote the legal protection of intellectual property rights and respond to proposed legislative measures relevant to such rights Erosion of territorial copyrights as a result of global internet retailing. • Continue to police infringements of the Group's territorial copyrights and take appropriate action to enforce such rights Infringement of Group IP by third parties, including as a result of the development of AI technologies Failure to adequately manage and protect the Group's intellectual property rights (including trademarks and copyright) may damage the value of our core assets and impact on profits. • Undertake targeted enforcement action against third-party infringers, independently and in cooperation with industry bodies in the markets in which we operate • Implement appropriate digital rights management protection in respect of ebooks and digital formats • Inclusion of appropriate provisions and restrictions regarding the use of Bloomsbury's proprietary content in contracts with third parties • Actively pursue appropriate AI licensing opportunities with third parties, to support a viable licensing ecosystem and counteract unauthorised use of copyright-protected works Reliance on key Counterparties; supply chain resilience Changes during the year ↑ Failure of key partners or breakdown in key partner relationships; disruption to the supply chain as a result of external factors e.g. extreme weather or geopolitical events The failure of key partners could result in a significant disruption to the Group's business activities, resulting in lower levels of trading and revenues. The Group's ability to meet customer demand for print products depends on timely supply from our printing partners. This may be impacted by the availability of raw materials (e.g. paper pulp) and ongoing global supply chain disruption. A breakdown in key commercial relationships could impact future publishing opportunities. • Relationships with key partners are closely monitored and actively managed by senior managers. This includes frequent and regular engagement with key counterparties in order to ensure open communication and cooperation and to identify potential issues that may impact on the Company's business at the earliest opportunity. Other mitigations include having appropriate contracts and service level agreements in place, and interrogating the business continuity plans of key partners • Regular review of global supply chain resilience by a cross-functional Supply Chain Working Group to ensure proactive steps are implemented to mitigate supply chain risks and prioritise supply of print titles; the Group's formal risk register documents specific, critical supplier risks and associated mitigation and resilience plans, which are kept under regular review • Ongoing diversification of supplier base • Increased local printing to mitigate shipping delays and disruptions Talent Management and retention Changes during the year ↔ Failure to attract and retain key talent and create an inclusive and supportive environment in which the Group's employees can thrive Inability to recruit individuals with the necessary skills and experience could impact on Bloomsbury's ability to innovate and grow. Loss of key talent could lead to loss of skill and knowledge from the business, result in decreased efficiency, impact on staff motivation and undermine external relationships. • Ongoing employee engagement measures to improve employee experience and organisational culture; more information on these measures is set out on pages 48 to 51 of this Annual Report • Continued focus on employee development through training and mentoring programmes for early and mid-career employees • Provision of executive coaching for senior staff • Ongoing Employee Voice Programme, allowing every employee to have their voice heard directly by senior management and the Board. HR initiatives are implemented in response to matters raised during Employee Voice Meetings • Formal appraisal system provides the opportunity to identify learning and development opportunities to support career progression and succession planning • Ongoing monitoring and tailoring of remuneration and benefit schemes to attract and motivate the best talent at appropriate levels of cost • Ongoing focus on fostering an inclusive culture, which supports the promotion of a diverse workforce with the benefits which diversity of skills, experience, backgrounds and thought bring in respect of the delivery of the Group's strategic objectives • Global staff turnover by Division and functional area is reported to the Executive Committee and monitored against agreed thresholds Legal and Compliance Changes during the year ↔ Breach of key contracts by the Company Breach of a key contract by the Company could result in a claim for damages and/or termination of the contract by the relevant counterparty, resulting in financial loss to the Group. • Relevant individuals within the business who are engaged in activities which relate to or are governed by key contracts are made aware of the terms of such contracts. Legal advice is sought from the Group's legal function where appropriate to ensure performance by the Company in accordance with contractual terms Inadequate regulatory compliance Failure to comply with regulations relating to the reporting of annual financial reports may lead to a range of sanctions including fines, imprisonment, reputational damage, and delisting. • Annual Report and Accounts is reviewed internally by the Head of Group Finance and the Chief Financial & Operating Officer, and externally by the Group's appointed Auditor. Material balances are tested in accordance with relevant standards. The Group Company Secretary advise on content requirements under relevant regulation/legislation. Legal and Compliance Changes during the year ↓ Failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations relevant to the Groups products and services may impact on sales • Mitigation in respect of the risk of a data breach is noted above in connection with Information Technology and Systems • Since the introduction of the General Data Protection Regulation ("GDPR"), which came into force in May 2018, the Company has implemented a range of measures to ensure compliance with the requirements of GDPR. These include the implementation of policies and guidance in key areas, the provision of training to employees, reviewing and updating the Company's data collection methods and marketing communications, updating supplier terms and conditions, and updating privacy policies on the Company's websites. The Company has appointed a Data Protection Officer to oversee GDPR compliance Failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations relevant to the Groups products and services may impact on sales • Ongoing monitoring of legislative and regulatory developments which affect the Group's products and services by the Group's Legal Department; external specialist advice is sought as required • Cross-functional working groups and steering committees established to address the measures required to respond to specific relevant legislative and regulatory developments including any changes which may be required to the Group's supply chain in respect of particular products and services. Reputation Changes during the year ↔ Investor confidence City confidence undermined by events outside of the Company's control, e.g. collapse of a retailer, failure of or non-performance by a key partner. • Diversify the Company's portfolio of products and services to reduce dependencies on individual customers, sales channels and markets • Active dialogue with its institutional Shareholders and City analysts through a planned programme of investor relations Cost inflation Changes during the year ↑ Print Supply and distribution costs; staff costs Increased production and distribution costs resulting from disruption to the supply chain, or increases to energy prices and raw materials could impact on margin and achievement of the Group's financial targets. Increased staff costs as a result of inflation or legislative changes. • Long-term contracts with key suppliers to manage and mitigate cost increases; active price management of Bloomsbury products to recover incremental costs; diversification of supplier base; ongoing monitoring • Staff costs are managed as part of the Group's budgeting process and annual salary reviews APPENDIX 3: Related Party Transactions The following details of 'Related party transactions' are shown in note 27 to the Company Financial Statements on page 190 of the 2026 Annual Report. 27. Related party transactions There are no related party transactions other than key management remuneration as disclosed in note 5. The following detail on staff costs is extracted from note 5 (page 169): 5. Staff costs The Group considers key management personnel as defined under IAS 24 "Related Party Disclosures" to be the Directors of the Company; this includes Non-Executive Directors, and the heads of the global divisions, major geographic regions and departments who are actively involved in strategic decision-making that make up the Executive Committee (for further details on membership, see pages 99 to 101). Total emoluments for Executive Directors and other key management personnel were: Year ended 28 February 2026 £'m Year ended 29 February 2025 £'m Short-term employee benefits 3.9 5.8 Post-employment benefits 0.2 0.2 Share-based payment charge 0.8 1.2 Total 4.9 7.2 The following detail on related parties is extracted from note 47 (page 209): 47. Related parties Trading transactions During the year the Company entered into the following transactions and had the following balances with its subsidiaries: 28 February 2026 £'m 28 February 2025 £'m Sale of goods to subsidiaries 8.3 15.5 Management recharges 17.2 18.7 Commission payable to subsidiaries 0.3 0.4 Finance income received/receivable from subsidiaries 0.3 0.1 Finance costs paid/payable to subsidiaries 0.6 0.6 Amounts owed by subsidiaries at year end 11.8 11.1 Amounts owed to subsidiaries at year end 80.4 93.0 All amounts outstanding are unsecured and will be settled in cash. £0.5m provision has been made for doubtful debts in respect of the amounts owed by subsidiaries (2025: £0.5 m). K ey management remuneration is disclosed in note 5. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Bloomsbury Publishing (BMY) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 2 hours ago GCM Resources 4 hours ago Pinewood Technologies Group 5 hours ago Cropper (James) 6 hours ago Keller Group 7 hours ago IWG All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and