BETA Close X Bloomsbury Publishing Plc announced that its Non-executive Chairman, John Bason, purchased 90 ordinary shares at 496.84 pence per share on November 28, 2025, as part of a dividend reinvestment plan. Following this transaction, Mr. Bason and associated persons now hold 23,109 shares, representing approximately 0.03% of the company's issued share capital. Disclaimer* Bloomsbury Publishing PLC 08 December 2025 08 December 2025 Bloomsbury Publishing Plc (the "Company") Director/PDMR Shareholdings The Company was made aware today that, as part of a dividend reinvestment plan, John Bason, the Company's Non-executive Chairman, purchased 90 ordinary shares of £0.0125 ("Ordinary Shares") on the market at a price of 496.84 pence per Ordinary Share on 28 November 2025. Following this transaction, he (including persons closely associated with him) holds a total of 23,109 shares in the Company, representing approximately 0.03% of the current Issued Share Capital of the Company. Notification and public disclosure of transactions by persons discharging managerial responsibilities and persons closely associated with them. This form is required for disclosure of transactions under Article 19 of Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 April 2014 on market abuse (Market Abuse Regulation), which is part of UK law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018. 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / person closely associated a) Name John Bason 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/status Non-executive Chairman b) Initial notification /Amendment Initial notification 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name Bloomsbury Publishing PLC b) LEI 213800ZL2PEC4C6UOQ53 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Identification code Ordinary Shares of 1.25p Each ISIN: GB0033147751 b) Nature of the transaction Share purchase c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price No. of shares £4.9684 90 d) Aggregated information e) Date of the transaction 28 November 2025 f) Place of the transaction AQSE Trading (Equity) For further information, please contact: Bloomsbury Publishing Plc Maya Abu-Deeb, Group General Counsel & Company Secretary maya.abu-deeb@bloomsbury.com Hudson Sandler +44 (0) 20 7796 4133 Dan de Belder / Hattie Dreyfus / Emily Brooker bloomsbury@hudsonsandler.com This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Bloomsbury Publishing (BMY) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 hour ago Ajax Resources 2 hours ago PPHE Hotel Group Ltd 3 hours ago Gana Media Group plc 4 hours ago Caledonia Investments 7 hours ago GCM Resources All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and