BETA Close X Bloomsbury Publishing PLC has announced the appointment of Chris Blatchford as a Non-Executive Director, effective May 19, 2026, bringing expertise in artificial intelligence and technology to the company's Audit and Nomination Committees. Concurrently, Baroness Lola Young will retire as a Non-Executive Director at the company's 2026 Annual General Meeting after five years of service, during which she provided significant guidance and support to Bloomsbury's literary mission. Disclaimer* Bloomsbury Publishing PLC 20 May 2026 BLOOMSBURY PUBLISHING PLC ("Bloomsbury" or "the Company") Bloomsbury appoints Chris Blatchford to the Board as Non-Executive Director; Baroness Lola Young to retire as Non-Executive Director Bloomsbury is pleased to announce the appointment of Chris Blatchford to its Board as a Non-Executive Director with effect from 19 May 2026; Chris will become a member of the Audit and Nomination Committees of the Board. Chris is Chief Technology Officer at Kingfisher plc, and was formerly Chief Technology Officer for Research at Elsevier. John Bason, Bloomsbury's Chairman, said "In Chris Blatchford, we have appointed a Director with an exceptional track record in artificial intelligence, computer information systems, and the application of technology to academic publishing. We look forward to benefitting from his experience, combined with his innovative, commercial approach." There are no disclosures required in respect of Chris Blatchford under UKLR 6.4.8R. Baroness Lola Young will retire from the Board at the conclusion of the 2026 Annual General Meeting. John Bason said, "Baroness Young's presence on our Board for the past five years has been the most enormous good fortune for Bloomsbury. She has helped guide us through one of the most challenging periods in cultural relations, and wearing her literary hat as former Chair of the Judges of the Booker Prize and as an author, she has supported us in the success of our literary mission. We will miss her and are very grateful to her". For further information, please contact: Bloomsbury Publishing Plc General Counsel & Company Secretary Maya.Abu-Deeb@bloomsbury.com Hudson Sandler +44 (0) 20 7796 4133 Dan de Belder / Hattie Dreyfus / Emily Brooker bloomsbury@hudsonsandler.com This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Bloomsbury Publishing (BMY) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 hour ago Ajax Resources 2 hours ago PPHE Hotel Group Ltd 3 hours ago Gana Media Group plc 4 hours ago Caledonia Investments 7 hours ago GCM Resources All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and