Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 41 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 71 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 73 Consolidated Statements of Earnings and Comprehensive Income/(Loss) 73 Consolidated Balance Sheets 74 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 75 Notes to the Financial Statements 76 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 123 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 123 Item 9B. Other Information 123 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions That Prevent Inspections 123 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 125 Item 11. Executive Compensation 125 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 125 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions 125 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 125 PART IV Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedule 126 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 126 SIGNATURES 127 SUMMARY OF ABBREVIATED TERMS 129 EXHIBIT INDEX 130 * Indicates brand names of products which are trademarks not owned by BMS. Specific trademark ownership information is included in the Exhibit Index at the end of this 2025 Form 10-K. PART I Item 1. BUSINESS. General Squibb Company ("we", the "Company", "Bristol Myers Squibb", or "BMS") was incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware in August 1933 under the name Company, as successor to a New York business started in 1887. In 1989, Company changed its name to Squibb Company as a result of a merger. We operate in a single segment engaged in the discovery, development, licensing, manufacturing, marketing, distribution and sale of innovative medicines that help patients prevail over serious diseases. Our principal strategy is to combine the resources, scale and capability of a large pharmaceutical company with the speed, agility and focus on innovation typically found in the biotech industry. Our focus as a biopharmaceutical company is on discovering, developing and delivering transformational medicines for patients facing serious diseases in areas where we believe that we have an opportunity to make a meaningful difference: oncology, hematology, immunology, cardiovascular, neuroscience and other areas where we can also create value. Our priorities are to focus on transformational medicines where we have a competitive advantage, drive operational excellence throughout the organization and strategically allocate capital for growth and shareholder returns. We are driving commercial execution in our key and/or marketed products, where we continue to expand and see potential for further expansion into the future. For a further discussion of our strategy initiatives, refer to “Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Strategy.” We compete with other global drug companies, many smaller research companies with more limited therapeutic focus and generic drug manufacturers. Our products are sold worldwide, principally to wholesalers, distributors, specialty pharmacies, and to a lesser extent, retailers, hospitals, clinics, government agencies and directly to patients. We have significant manufacturing operations in the U.S., Puerto Rico, the Netherlands, Ireland and Switzerland. The percentage of revenues by significant region/country were as follows: Year Ended December 31, Dollars in millions 2025 2024 2023 United States 69 % 71 % 69 % International 29 % 27 % 29 % Other (a) 2 % 2 % 2 % Total Revenues $ 48,194 $ 48,300 $ 45,006 (a) Other revenues include royalties and revenues for products not sold by BMS ’ s regional commercial organizations. Refer to the Summary of Abbreviated Terms at the end of this 2025 Form 10-K for definitions of capitalized terms used throughout the document. 1 Acquisitions, Divestitures, Licensing and Other Arrangements Acquisitions, divestitures, licensing and other arrangements allow us to focus our resources on growth opportunities that drive the greatest value. Our significant business development activities in 2025 included (i) the acquisition of Orbital Therapeutics, (ii) the execution of a global strategic collaboration agreement with BioNTech, and (iii) the execution of a global exclusive licensing agreement with Philochem. For additional information relating to our acquisitions, divestitures, licensing and other arrangements refer to “Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Acquisitions, Divestitures, Licensing and Other Arrangements”, “Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data—Note 3. Alliances”, and “Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data—Note 4. Acquisitions, Divestitures, Licensing and Other Arrangements”. Products, Intellectual Property and Product Exclusivity Our differentiated research platforms support growth across therapeutic areas. Our platforms are comprised of or small molecule drugs including protein degraders, drugs produced from biological processes, called “biologics”, ADCs, cell therapies, and radiopharmaceutical therapeutics. Small molecule drugs are typically administered orally in the form of a tablet or capsule, although other drug delivery mechanisms are also used. Biologics are typically administered through injections or by intravenous infusion. cell therapies are administered by intravenous infusion. Below is a summary of our significant products, including approved indications. For information about our alliance arrangements for certain of the products below, refer to “—Alliances” below and “Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data—Note 3. Alliances.” Growth Portfolio Opdivo ® Opdivo (nivolumab) is a biologic and a fully human monoclonal antibody that binds to the on T and NKT cells. It has been approved for several indications including bladder, blood, CRC, head and neck, RCC, HCC, lung, melanoma, MPM, stomach and esophageal cancer. The Opdivo + Yervoy regimen also is approved in multiple markets for the treatment of NSCLC, melanoma, MPM, RCC, CRC, HCC and various gastric and esophageal cancers. Opdivo Qvantig TM Opdivo Qvantig (nivolumab and hyaluronidase-nvhy) is a subcutaneously administered inhibitor indicated for most previously approved adult, solid tumor Opdivo indications as monotherapy, monotherapy maintenance following completion of Opdivo plus Yervoy combination therapy, or in combination with chemotherapy or cabozantinib. In the EU, the product is marketed as Opdivo SC. Orencia ® Orencia (abatacept) is a biologic and a fusion protein indicated for (i) the treatment of adult patients with moderately to severely active RA, (ii) the treatment of patients 2 years of age and older with moderately to severely active polyarticular JIA, (iii) the treatment of patients 2 years of age and older with active PsA and (iv) the prophylaxis of aGVHD, in combination with a calcineurin inhibitor and methotrexate in certain adult and pediatric patients. Yervoy ® Yervoy (ipilimumab) is a biologic and is a CTLA4 immune checkpoint inhibitor. Yervoy is a monoclonal antibody for the treatment of patients with unresectable or metastatic melanoma. The Opdivo + Yervoy regimen is approved in multiple markets for the treatment of NSCLC, melanoma, MPM, RCC, CRC, HCC and esophageal cancer. Reblozyl ® Reblozyl (luspatercept-aamt) is a biologic, and is an erythroid maturation agent indicated for the treatment of anemia in (i) adult patients with transfusion dependent and dependent beta thalassemia who require regular red blood cell transfusions, (ii) adult patients with very low- to intermediate-risk MDS who have ring sideroblasts and require red blood cell transfusions, as well as (iii) adult patients without previous erythropoiesis stimulating agent use ( ) with very low- to intermediate-risk MDS who may require regular red blood cell transfusions, regardless of RS status. Breyanzi ® Breyanzi (lisocabtagene maraleucel) is a CD19-directed genetically modified autologous cell therapy indicated for the treatment of adult patients with relapsed or refractory LBCL after one or more lines of systemic therapy, including DLBCL not otherwise specified, B-cell lymphoma, primary mediastinal LBCL, grade 3B FL and relapsed or refractory FL after at least two prior lines of systemic therapy, relapsed or refractory CLL or SLL; relapsed or refractory MCL in patients who have received at least two prior lines of systemic therapy, including a Bruton tyrosine kinase inhibitor and a B-cell lymphoma 2 inhibitor; and relapsed or refractory MZL after at least two prior lines of systemic therapy. 2 Opdualag ® Opdualag (nivolumab and ) is a combination of nivolumab, a blocking antibody, and relatlimab, a blocking antibody, indicated for the treatment of adult and pediatric patients 12 years of age or older with unresectable or metastatic melanoma. Camzyos ® Camzyos (mavacamten) is an oral cardiac myosin inhibitor indicated for the treatment of adults with symptomatic oHCM to improve functional capacity and symptoms. Zeposia ® Zeposia (ozanimod) is an oral immunomodulatory drug used to treat relapsing forms of MS, to include clinically isolated syndrome, disease, and active secondary progressive disease, in adults and to treat moderately to severely active UC in adults. Abecma ® Abecma (idecabtagene vicleucel) is a BCMA genetically modified autologous cell therapy indicated for the treatment of adult patients with relapsed or refractory multiple myeloma after two or more prior lines of therapy, including an immunomodulatory agent, a proteasome inhibitor, and an ADP ribose hydrolase monoclonal antibody. Sotyktu ® Sotyktu (deucravacitinib) is an oral, selective, allosteric tyrosine kinase 2 inhibitor indicated for the treatment of adults with plaque psoriasis who are candidates for systemic therapy or phototherapy. Krazati ® Krazati (adagrasib) is a highly selective and potent oral inhibitor of the KRAS G12C mutation, indicated for the treatment of adult patients with KRAS G12C -mutated locally advanced or metastatic NSCLC, as determined by an test, who have received at least one prior systemic therapy and, in combination with cetuximab, for the treatment of adult patients with KRAS G12C -mutated locally advanced or metastatic CRC, as determined by an test, who have received prior treatment with fluoropyrimidine-, oxaliplatin-, and chemotherapy. Cobenfy TM Cobenfy (xanomeline and trospium chloride) is an oral combination of xanomeline, a M1/M4 muscarinic agonist, and trospium chloride, a peripheral muscarinic antagonist, indicated for the treatment of schizophrenia in adults. Legacy Portfolio Eliquis ® Eliquis (apixaban) is an oral Factor Xa inhibitor indicated for the reduction in risk of stroke/systemic embolism in NVAF and for the treatment of DVT/PE and reduction in risk of recurrence following initial therapy. Revlimid ® Revlimid (lenalidomide) is an oral immunomodulatory drug that in combination with dexamethasone is indicated for the treatment of patients with multiple myeloma. Revlimid as a single agent is also indicated as a maintenance therapy in patients with multiple myeloma following autologous hematopoietic stem cell transplant. Revlimid has received approvals for several indications in the hematological malignancies including lymphoma and MDS. Pomalyst ® /Imnovid ® Pomalyst/Imnovid (pomalidomide) is a small molecule that is administered orally and modulates the immune system and other biologically important targets. Pomalyst/Imnovid is indicated for patients with multiple myeloma who have received at least two prior therapies including lenalidomide and a proteasome inhibitor and have demonstrated disease progression on or within 60 days of completion of the last therapy. Sprycel ® Sprycel (dasatinib) is an oral inhibitor of multiple tyrosine kinase indicated for the treatment of patients with Philadelphia CML in chronic phase and the treatment of adults with chronic, accelerated, or myeloid or lymphoid blast phase CML with resistance or intolerance to prior therapy, including Gleevec* (imatinib mesylate) and the treatment of children and adolescents aged 1 year to 18 years with chronic phase Philadelphia CML. Abraxane ® Abraxane (paclitaxel particles for injectable suspension) is a chemotherapy product that combines paclitaxel with albumin using our proprietary Nab ® technology platform, and is used to treat breast cancer, NSCLC and pancreatic cancer, among others. We own or license a number of patents in the U.S. and foreign countries primarily covering our products. We have also developed many brand names and trademarks for our products. We consider the overall protection of our patents, trademarks, licenses and other intellectual property rights to be of material value and act to protect these rights from infringement. 3 In the pharmaceutical industry, the majority of an innovative product’s commercial value is usually realized during the period in which the product has market exclusivity. A product’s market exclusivity is generally determined by two forms of intellectual property: patent rights held by the innovator company and any regulatory forms of exclusivity to which the innovative drug is entitled. Patents are a key determinant of market exclusivity for most branded pharmaceuticals. Patents provide the innovator with the right to exclude others from practicing an invention related to the medicine. Patents may cover, among other things, the active ingredient(s), various uses of a drug product, pharmaceutical formulations, drug delivery mechanisms and processes for (or intermediates useful in) the manufacture of products. Protection for individual products extends for varying periods in accordance with the expiration dates of patents in the various countries. The protection afforded, which may also vary from country to country, depends upon the type of patent, its scope of coverage and the availability of meaningful legal remedies in the country. Market exclusivity is also sometimes provided by regulatory exclusivity, a period of time after the approval of a new drug during which the regulatory agency may not rely upon the innovator’s data to approve a competitor’s generic or biosimilar copy. Regulatory exclusivity can provide a market exclusivity period on a product that expires beyond the patent term. When these patent rights and other forms of exclusivity expire and generic versions of a medicine are approved and marketed, there are often substantial and rapid declines in the sales of the original innovative product. For further discussion of the impact of generic medicines on our business, refer to “—Competition” below. Specific aspects of the law governing market patent protection and regulatory exclusivity for pharmaceuticals vary from country to country. The following summarizes key exclusivity rules in markets representing significant sales: United States In the U.S., most of our key products are protected by patents with varying terms depending on the type of patent and the filing date. A significant portion of a product’s patent life, however, is lost during the time it takes an innovator company to develop and obtain regulatory approval of a new drug. As compensation at least in part for the lost patent term due to regulatory review periods, the innovator may, depending on a number of factors, apply to the government to restore lost patent term by extending the expiration date of one patent up to a maximum term of five years, provided that the extension cannot cause the patent to be in effect for more than 14 years from the date of drug approval. A company seeking to market an innovative pharmaceutical in the U.S. must submit a complete set of safety and efficacy data to the FDA. If the innovative pharmaceutical is a chemical product, the company files an NDA. If the medicine is a biologic, a BLA is filed. Both types of applications can receive certain periods of regulatory exclusivity as discussed below. An NDA or a BLA for a compound that is designated as an orphan drug can receive seven years of exclusivity for an orphan drug indication. During this period, the FDA generally may not approve another application for the same drug product for the same orphan use. A company may also earn six months of additional exclusivity for a drug where specific clinical studies are conducted at the written request of the FDA to study the use of the medicine to treat pediatric patients, and submission to the FDA is made prior to the loss of basic exclusivity. Chemical products A competitor seeking to launch a generic substitute of a chemical innovative drug in the U.S. must file an ANDA with the FDA. In the ANDA, the generic manufacturer needs to demonstrate only “bioequivalence” between the generic substitute and the approved NDA drug. The ANDA relies upon the safety and efficacy data previously filed by the innovator in its NDA. An innovator company is required to list certain of its patents covering the medicine with the FDA in what is commonly known as the Orange Book. Absent a successful patent challenge, the FDA cannot approve an ANDA until after the innovator’s listed patents expire. However, after the innovator has marketed its product for four years, a generic manufacturer may file an ANDA and allege that one or more of the patents listed in the Orange Book under an innovator’s NDA is invalid, unenforceable, or will not be infringed by the generic product. This allegation is commonly known as a Paragraph IV certification. The innovator then must decide whether to file a patent infringement suit against the generic manufacturer. From time to time, ANDAs including Paragraph IV certifications are filed with respect to certain of our products. We evaluate these ANDAs on a basis and, where warranted, file suit against the generic manufacturer to protect our patent rights. 4 Medicines can also receive several types of regulatory exclusivity. An innovative chemical pharmaceutical product is entitled to five years of regulatory exclusivity in the U.S., during which the FDA cannot approve generic substitutes. If an innovator’s patent is challenged, a generic manufacturer may file its ANDA after the fourth year of the regulatory exclusivity period. Our marketed chemical products include Eliquis, Revlimid, Pomalyst, Sprycel, Zeposia, Camzyos, Sotyktu , Krazati, and Cobenfy . Biologics (includes cell therapy products) Qualified innovative biologics receive 12 years of regulatory exclusivity, meaning that the FDA may not approve a biosimilar version until 12 years after the innovative biologic was first approved by the FDA. Our marketed biologics include Opdivo , Opdivo Qvantig, Orencia, Yervoy, Reblozyl, Breyanzi, Opdualag, and Abecma. In the U.S., medicines (chemically synthesized or biologically derived) may also receive an additional six months of market exclusivity (added to certain patent terms and regulatory exclusivities) if certain pediatric studies are completed by the applicant. The increased likelihood of generic and biosimilar challenges to innovators’ intellectual property has increased the risk of loss of innovators’ market exclusivity. First, generic companies have increasingly sought to challenge innovators’ patents covering major pharmaceutical products. Second, statutory and regulatory provisions may limit the ability of an innovator company to prevent generic and biosimilar drugs from being approved and launched while patent litigation is ongoing. As a result of these developments, among others, it is not possible to predict the length of market exclusivity for a particular product with certainty based solely on the expiration of the relevant patent(s) or the current forms of regulatory exclusivity. European Union Patents on pharmaceutical products are generally enforceable in the EU and, as in the U.S., may be extended for up to five years to compensate for the patent term lost during the regulatory review process, provided that the extension cannot cause the patent to be in effect for more than 15 years from the date of drug approval. Such extensions are granted on a basis. The EU provides an additional six months of exclusivity added to the extended patent term if certain pediatric studies are completed by the applicant. The primary route we use to obtain marketing authorization of pharmaceutical products in the EU is through the “centralized procedure.” This procedure is compulsory for certain pharmaceutical products, in particular those using biotechnological processes, and is also available for certain new chemical compounds and products. A company seeking to market an innovative pharmaceutical product through the centralized procedure must file a complete set of safety data and efficacy data as part of an MAA with the EMA. After the EMA evaluates the MAA, it provides a recommendation to the EC and the EC then approves or denies the MAA. After obtaining marketing authorization approval, a company must obtain pricing and reimbursement for the pharmaceutical product, which is typically subject to member state law. In certain EU countries, this process can take place simultaneously while the product is marketed but in other EU countries, this process must be completed before the company can market the new product. The pricing and reimbursement procedure can take months and sometimes years to complete. Throughout the EU, all products for which marketing authorizations have been filed after October 2005 are subject to an “8+2+1” regulatory exclusivity regime. Eight years after the innovator has received its first community authorization for a medicinal product, a generic company may file a MAA for that product with the health authorities. If the MAA is approved, the generic company may not commercialize the product until after either 10 or 11 years have elapsed from the initial marketing authorization granted to the innovator. The possible extension to 11 years is available if the innovator, during the first eight years of the marketing authorization, obtains an additional indication that is of significant clinical benefit in comparison with existing treatments. In contrast to the U.S., patents in the EU are not listed with regulatory authorities. Generic versions of pharmaceutical products may be approved after data exclusivity expires, regardless of whether the innovator holds patents covering its drug. Thus, it is possible that an innovator may be seeking to enforce its patents against a generic competitor that is already marketing its product. In general, EU law treats chemically synthesized drugs and biologically derived drugs the same with respect to intellectual property and regulatory exclusivity. 5 Japan In Japan, patents on pharmaceutical products are enforceable and may be extended for up to five years to compensate for the patent term lost during the regulatory review process. Medicines of new chemical entities are generally afforded eight years of regulatory exclusivity for approved indications and dosage. This regulatory exclusivity could be extended if certain pediatric studies are completed by the applicant. Generic copies can receive regulatory approval after regulatory exclusivity and patent expirations. In general, Japanese law treats chemically synthesized and biologically derived drugs the same with respect to intellectual property and regulatory exclusivity. Rest of the World In countries outside of the U.S., the EU and Japan, there are a variety of legal systems with respect to intellectual property and regulatory exclusivity of pharmaceuticals. Most other developed countries utilize systems similar to either the U.S. or the EU. Among developing countries, some have adopted patent laws and/or regulatory exclusivity laws, while others have not. Some developing countries have formally adopted laws in order to comply with WTO commitments, but have not taken steps to implement these laws in a meaningful way. Enforcement of WTO actions is a long process between governments, and there is no assurance of the outcome. Thus, in assessing the likely future market exclusivity of our innovative drugs in developing countries, we take into account not only formal legal rights but political and other factors as well. The following chart shows our key products together with the year in which the earliest basic exclusivity loss (patent rights or regulatory exclusivity) is currently estimated to occur in the U.S., the EU and Japan (the “estimated minimum market exclusivity date”). We also sell our pharmaceutical products in other countries; however, data is not provided on a basis because individual country revenues are not significant outside the U.S., the EU and Japan. Generally, the estimated minimum market exclusivity date in the table below pertains to the end of regulatory exclusivity or the COM patent expiration for the respective products and PTR if granted. In situations where there is only regulatory exclusivity without patent protection, a competitor could seek regulatory approval by submitting its own clinical study data to obtain marketing approval prior to the expiration of regulatory exclusivity. 6 We estimate the minimum market exclusivity date for each of our products for the purpose of business planning only. The length of market exclusivity for any of our products is impossible to predict with certainty because of the complex interaction between patent and regulatory forms of exclusivity and the inherent uncertainties regarding patent litigation. There can be no assurance that a particular product will enjoy market exclusivity for the full period of time that appears in the estimate or that the exclusivity will be limited to the estimate. Estimated Minimum Market Exclusivity Date U.S. EU (q) Japan Abecma (idecabtagene vicleucel) 2036 2035 2037 Abraxane (paclitaxel) (a) ^^ ^^ ^^ Breyanzi (lisocabtagene maraleucel) (b) 2033 2033 2033 Camzyos (mavacamten) (c) 2036 2034 2034 Cobenfy (xanomeline and trospium chloride) (d) ^^ ++ ++ Eliquis (apixaban) (e) 2028 ^^ 2026 Krazati (adagrasib) (f) 2037 2038 ++ Opdivo (nivolumab) 2028 2030 2031 Opdivo Qvantig (nivolumab and hyaluronidase-nvhy) (g) ^^ ^^ ++ Opdualag (nivolumab and ) (h) 2034 2033 ++ Orencia (abatacept) (i) ^^ ^^ ^^ Pomalyst/Imnovid (pomalidomide) (j) ^^ ^^ ^^ Reblozyl (luspatercept-aamt) (k) 2031 2030 2034 Revlimid (lenalidomide) (l) ^^ ^^ ^^ Sotyktu (deucravacitinib) (m) 2033 2033 2037 Sprycel (dasatinib) (n) ^^ ^^ ^^ Yervoy (ipilimumab) (o) ^^ 2026 ^^ Zeposia (ozanimod) (p) 2033 2034 2034 ^^ See product footnote for more information. ++ We do not currently market the product in the country or region indicated. (a) For Abraxane in the U.S., EU, and Japan, generics have entered the market. (b) For Breyanzi in the U.S., a PTR application is pending and, if granted, the estimated patent expiry will be 2034. (c) For Camzyos in the U.S., the PTR application was granted, providing a patent expiry of 2036. In the UK, SPC applications are pending and, if granted, the estimated patent expiry will be 2038. In France, Germany, Italy, and Spain, SPC has been granted and the estimated patent expiry is 2038. In Japan, a PTE application is pending and, if granted, the estimated patent expiry will be 2039. (d) For Cobenfy in the U.S., we have been granted patents covering the combination of active ingredients in Cobenfy , which expire in 2030. A PTR application is pending and, if granted, the estimated patent expiry will be 2033. (e) For Eliquis , in the U.S., multiple generic companies challenged patents listed in the FDA Orange Book. BMS, along with its partner Pfizer, settled with a number of these generic companies and won at the trial and appellate levels against others. Under the terms of previously executed settlement agreements, the generic companies with whom BMS settled are permitted to launch in 2028, subject to additional challenges. In the EU, the apixaban composition of matter patents and related SPCs expire in November 2026. Generics have challenged the composition of matter patents and related SPCs in various jurisdictions and trials have taken place, or are scheduled to take place, in certain European countries. While these legal proceedings are pending, generic manufacturers have begun marketing generic versions of Eliquis in certain EU countries and may seek to market generic versions of Eliquis in other EU countries prior to the expiration date of apixaban patents and related SPCs. Refer to “Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data—Note 20. Legal Proceedings and Contingencies” for more information. (f) For Krazati in the EU, SPC applications are pending and, if granted, the estimated patent expiry will be 2039. (g) For Opdivo Qvantig, in the U.S. and EU, the estimated minimum market exclusivity dates are 2028 and 2030, respectively, based on the expiry of the COM patent for nivolumab and does not include any potential exclusivity resulting from pending patent applications relating to Opdivo Qvantig . (h) For Opdualag in the U.S., a PTR application is pending and, if granted, the estimated patent expiry will be 2036. In the UK and Germany, SPC and pediatric (“PED”) applications are pending and, if both are granted, the estimated patent expiry will be 2038. In France, Italy and Spain, SPC and PED are granted and the estimated patent expiry is 2038. (i) BMS is not aware of an Orencia biosimilar on the market in the U.S., EU or Japan. Formulation and additional patents expire in 2026 and beyond. (j) For Pomalyst in the U.S., generic entry is expected in the first quarter of 2026. In Europe, generics have entered the market. In Japan, the estimated minimum market exclusivity date is 2026 based on a method of use patent. (k) For Reblozyl in the U.S. and Europe, the estimated minimum market exclusivity dates reflected in the table are based on regulatory exclusivity. In addition, in the U.S., PTR on a method of treatment patent was granted, and the estimated patent expiry is 2033. Further, in the EU, SPC on a method of treatment patent was granted, and the estimated patent expiry is 2034. In Japan, a PTE was granted, providing a patent expiry of 2034. (l) For Revlimid, in the U.S., certain generic companies have begun marketing generic lenalidomide products pursuant to licenses granted as part of litigation settlements. As of January 31, 2026, the licenses are no longer . In the EU and Japan, generics have entered the market. (m) For Sotyktu in the U.S., a PTR application is pending and, if granted, the estimated patent expiry will be 2036. In the UK, SPC applications are pending and, if granted, the estimated patent expiry will be 2038. In France, Germany, Italy, and Spain, SPC has been granted and the estimated patent expiry is 2038. (n) For Sprycel, in the U.S., EU and Japan, generics have entered the market. (o) BMS is not aware of a Yervoy biosimilar on the market in the U.S., EU, or Japan. (p) For Zeposia , in Japan, a PTE was granted, providing a patent expiry of 2034. Litigations that were ongoing with generic companies who challenged a patent listed in the FDA Orange Book have settled. Refer to “Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data—Note 20. Legal Proceedings and Contingencies” for more information. (q) Estimated minimum market exclusivity dates for EU countries are based on the UK, France, Germany, Italy, and Spain. 7 Research and Development R&D is critical to our competitiveness. We concentrate our R&D efforts in the following disease areas with significant unmet medical needs: oncology and hematology with novel modalities in cell therapies, protein degraders, ADCs and radiopharmaceuticals; immunology with a focus on establishing new standards of care in pulmonology, rapidly advancing cell therapy into immunology diseases and transformational programs to control inflammation, reset immune memory and promote homeostasis in rheumatology disorders; cardiovascular diseases by leveraging deep expertise across thrombotic diseases, heart failures and cardiomyopathies; neuroscience with a focus on developing new treatments in neuropsychiatry and neurodegeneration; and other areas where we can also create value. Our R&D pipeline includes potential medicines in various modalities including or small molecule drugs including protein degraders, drugs produced from biological processes, called “biologics”, ADCs, cell therapies, and radiopharmaceutical therapeutics. In addition to discovering and developing new molecular entities, we look for ways to expand the value of existing products through new indications and formulations that can provide additional benefits to patients. In order for a new drug to reach the market, industry practice and government regulations in the U.S., the EU and most foreign countries provide for the determination of a drug’s effectiveness and safety through preclinical tests and controlled clinical evaluation. The clinical development of a potential new drug typically includes Phase I, Phase II and Phase III clinical studies that have been designed specifically to support an application for regulatory approval for a particular indication, assuming the studies are successful. Phase I clinical studies involve a small number of healthy volunteers or patients suffering from the indicated disease to test for safety and proper dosing. Phase II clinical studies involve a larger patient population to investigate side effects, efficacy and optimal dosage of the drug candidate. Phase III clinical studies are conducted to confirm Phase II results in a significantly larger patient population over a longer term and to provide reliable and conclusive data regarding the safety and efficacy of a drug candidate. Although regulatory approval is typically based on the results of Phase III clinical studies, there are times when approval can be granted based on data from earlier studies. We consider our registrational studies to be our significant R&D programs. These programs may include both investigational compounds in Phases II and III development for initial indications, or marketed products that are in development for additional indications or formulations. Drug development is time consuming, expensive and risky. The R&D process (i.e., target identification to major market approval) typically takes about fifteen years. Drug candidates can fail at any stage of the process, and even product candidates sometimes fail to receive regulatory approval. According to the KMR Group, based on industry success rates from 2020-2024, approximately 93% of small molecules that enter Phase I development fail to achieve regulatory approval. Small molecules that enter Phase II development have a failure rate of approximately 81% while approximately 32% of Phase III small molecules fail to achieve approval. For biologics, the failure rate is approximately 91% from Phase I development, approximately 75% from Phase II development and approximately 30% from Phase III. R&D expenses are comprised of the following main categories: (i) research, which includes costs to support the discovery and development of new molecular entities through studies; (ii) drug development, which includes costs to support clinical development of potential new products, including expansion of indications for existing products through Phase I, Phase II and Phase III clinical studies and (iii) other, which includes costs to support manufacturing development of products, medical support of marketed products, IPRD impairment charges, acquisition-related charges and proportionate allocations of costs including facilities, information technology, and other appropriate costs. Acquired IPRD expenses include upfront payments, contingent milestone payments in connection with asset acquisitions or arrangements of intellectual property rights, as well as any upfront and contingent milestones payable by BMS to alliance partners prior to regulatory approval. Our R&D expenses were $10.0 billion in 2025, $11.2 billion in 2024 and $9.3 billion in 2023. Acquired IPRD expenses were $3.7 billion in 2025, $13.4 billion in 2024 and $913 million in 2023. Refer to "Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Expenses" for further details on the amounts included within Acquired IPRD in 2025 and 2024. We manage our R&D programs on a product portfolio basis, investing resources in each stage of R&D from early discovery through development. We continually evaluate our portfolio of R&D assets to ensure that there is an appropriate balance of and programs to support the future growth of the Company. 8 Our drug discovery and development work takes place across a network of facilities worldwide. We have continued our investment in our existing sites and the expansion of our manufacturing capabilities. For example, we (i) opened R&D facilities in Cambridge, Massachusetts in 2023 and Hyderabad, India in 2024, (ii) opened a radiopharmaceutical manufacturing facility in Indianapolis, Indiana in 2025, and (iii) are planning to open a new state of the art R&D facility in San Diego, California during 2026. In addition, in support of a continued investment in our cell therapy portfolio, we continue expanding our manufacturing capabilities through the construction of new cell therapy manufacturing facilities in Devens, Massachusetts, which was completed in 2023 and in Leiden, Netherlands, which was completed in 2025. We supplement our internal drug discovery and development programs with acquisitions, alliances and collaborative agreements which help us bring new molecular agents, capabilities and platforms into our pipeline. We have a broad pipeline with over 45 unique assets in development. Our pipeline was built by coupling internal research and development programs with a distributed research and development model, which focused on identifying and supporting the development of disruptive and innovative therapies outside the company through a broad network of external partnerships. Management continues to emphasize leadership, innovation, productivity and quality as strategies for success in our R&D activities. Listed below are our clinical studies and approved indications for our marketed products in the related therapeutic area as of February 5, 2026. Whether any of the listed compounds ultimately becomes a marketed product depends on the results of clinical studies, the competitive landscape of the potential product’s market, reimbursement decisions by payers and the manufacturing processes necessary to produce the potential product on a commercial scale, among other factors. There can be no assurance that we will seek regulatory approval of any of these compounds or that, if such approval is sought, it will be obtained. There is also no assurance that a compound which gets approved will be commercially successful. At this stage of development, we cannot determine all intellectual property issues or all the patent protection that may, or may not, be available for these investigational compounds. 9 HEMATOLOGY PHASE I PHASE II PHASE III APPROVED INDICATIONS Investigational Compounds BCL6 LDD --Lymphoma CD33-GSPT1 ADC --AML Dual Targeting BCMAxGPRC5D CAR T --RRMM HbF Activating CELMoD --Sickle Cell Disease mezigdomide + elranatamab --RRMM Additional Indications REBLOZYL ª --α-Thalassemia Investigational Compounds --4L+ MM golcadomide --1L FL Additional Indications OPDIVO ª --1L cHL REBLOZYL ª --1L NTD MDS Associated Anemia --1L TD MF Associated Anemia Investigational Compounds --2-4L MM golcadomide --2L+ FL --High Risk 1L LBCL iberdomide --2L+ MM -- Stem Cell Transplant Maintenance NDMM mezigdomide --2L+ MM Kd --2L+ MM Vd ABECMA --3L+ Exposed RRMM BREYANZI --2L+ LBCL --3L+ CLL/SLL --3L+ FL --3L+ MCL --3L+ MZL EMPLICITI + POMALYST/IMNOVID --RRMM EMPLICITI + REVLIMID --RRMM IDHIFA -- R/R AML INREBIC --MF ONUREG -- AML Continued Treatment/Maintenance OPDIVO ª --R/R cHL POMALYST/IMNOVID --RRMM --AIDS related Kaposi Sarcoma -- Kaposi Sarcoma REBLOZYL ª --TD Associated Anemia --MDS RS or MDS/ Adult Patients and Previously Treated with ESA --MDS Associated Anemia in ESA naïve patients who may require RBC Transfusion REVLIMID --MCL --MDS --MM --FL --MZL --R/R T-Cell Leukemia SPRYCEL --1L CML --Acute Lymphoblastic Leukemia with Resistance or Intolerance to Prior Therapy --Refractory CML 10 ONCOLOGY PHASE I PHASE II PHASE III APPROVED INDICATIONS Investigational Compounds --Solid Tumors --Prostate Cancer --Solid Tumors --Solid Tumors --Solid Tumors --Solid Tumors --Solid Tumors --Solid Tumors --R/R SCLC CD40xFAP Bispecific --Solid Tumors CEACAM5-TOPO1 ADC --Solid Tumors ª --1L NSCLC# --Metastatic NSCLC --Solid Tumors# navlimetostat (PRMT5 Inhibitor) -- Solid Tumors pumitamig ª --1L HCC --1L RCC RYZ101 -- --HR+/HER2- Unresectable Metastatic Breast Cancer RYZ401 --Solid Tumors RYZ801 --HCC WEE1 CELMoD -- Solid Tumors Additional Indications OPDIVO QVANTIG + YERVOY ª -- 1L NSCLC Investigational Compounds pumitamig ª --1L Microsatellite Stable CRC --1L Gastric Cancer --2L NSCLC# ª --1L TNBC -- NSCLC -- Metastatic Urothelial Cancer navlimetostat (PRMT5 Inhibitor) --1L NSCLC --1L PDAC --2L NSCLC Additional Indications KRAZATI --1L NSCLC ≥50% --1L NSCLC --2L CRC OPDIVO ª --Adjuvant HCC -- MIUC Investigational Compounds AR LDD --mCRPC atigotatug + nivolumab --1L nivolumab + relatlimab HD ª --1L NSCLC ≥1% pumitamig ª --1L # --1L NSCLC# --1L NSCLC ≥50% --1L TNBC# --Stage III NSCLC RYZ101 --2L+ SSTR2+ ABRAXANE --1L Metastatic Adenocarcinoma of the Pancreas --Locally Advanced or Metastatic NSCLC --Metastatic Breast Cancer AUGTYRO ª -- ROS1+ NSCLC -- Locally Advanced or Metastatic Solid Tumors KRAZATI -- 2L+ KRASG12C-mutated Advanced NSCLC --KRASG12C-mutated CRC after prior treatment with fluoropyrimidine-, oxaliplatin-, and chemotherapy OPDIVO ª - - Metastatic Melanoma --1L Metastatic Gastric, Gastroesophageal Junction, and Esophageal Adenocarcinoma --1L Metastatic Esophageal --1L MIUC --Adjuvant Melanoma --Adjuvant Urothelial Carcinoma --Adjuvant Esophageal/Gastroesophageal --Neoadjuvant NSCLC --Perioperative NSCLC --Previously treated advanced RCC --Previously treated Gastric cancer --Previously treated Metastatic Head & Neck --Previously treated Metastatic CRC --Previously treated Metastatic NSCLC --Previously treated Metastatic Urothelial Cancer --Previously treated Metastatic Esophageal Cancer OPDIVO QVANTIG --Indicated for subcutaneous use in most previously approved adult, solid tumor Opdivo indications OPDIVO ª + cabozantinib - -1L Advanced RCC OPDIVO ª + YERVOY ª --1L Metastatic Melanoma --1L Mesothelioma --1L Metastatic NSCLC --1L Advanced RCC --1L+ CRC --1L HCC --Previously treated HCC --1L Esophageal OPDUALAG - -1L Melanoma YERVOY ª - -Adjuvant Melanoma --Metastatic Melanoma 11 IMMUNOLOGY PHASE I PHASE II PHASE III APPROVED INDICATIONS Investigational Compounds --RA CD19 HD Allo CAR T --Autoimmune Diseases (CD19-targeted ) --Idiopathic Inflammatory Myopathies --Rheumatoid Arthritis Investigational Compounds (CD19-targeted ) --SLE Additional Indications SOTYKTU --PsA --Sjögren's Disease --SLE Investigational Compounds admilparant --Idiopathic Pulmonary Fibrosis --Progressive Pulmonary Fibrosis obexelimab ª --IgG4-Related Disease (CD19-targeted ) --Systemic Sclerosis ORENCIA -- JIA --Psoriatic Arthritis -- RA --Prophylaxis of Acute Graft versus Host Disease SOTYKTU --Adults with Plaque Psoriasis ZEPOSIA --Relapsing forms of Multiple Sclerosis -- UC CARDIOVASCULAR PHASE II PHASE III APPROVED INDICATIONS Investigational Compounds --Heart Failure with Preserved Ejection Fraction Investigational Compounds milvexian ª --Atrial Fibrillation# --Secondary Stroke Prevention# CAMZYOS --Symptomatic NHYA Class Obstructive Hypertrophic Cardiomyopathy ELIQUIS --Stroke Risk Reduction in Atrial Fibrillation --Treatment of Venous Thromboembolism and Risk Reduction after Initial Therapy --Prophylaxis of Deep Vein Thrombosis after Hip or Knee Replacement Surgery 12 NEUROSCIENCE PHASE I PHASE II PHASE III APPROVED INDICATIONS Investigational Compounds ª -- Neurodegenerative Diseases# --Neuropsychiatric Disorders eIF2B Activator --Alzheimer's Disease KarXT Injectable --Schizophrenia TRPC4/5 Inhibitor --Mood and Anxiety Disorders (CD19-targeted ) --Multiple Sclerosis --Myasthenia Gravis Investigational Compounds Tau --Alzheimer's Disease FAAH/MAGL Dual Inhibitor --Alzheimer's Disease Agitation --Multiple Sclerosis Spasticity Additional Indications COBENFY ª --Adjunctive Mania --Agitation in Alzheimer's Disease --Alzheimer's Disease Cognition -- Mania --Pediatric Autism Irritability --Psychosis in Alzheimer's Disease COBENFY ª --Adults with Schizophrenia Note: Above pipeline excludes clinical collaborations ª Development Partnerships: + nivolumab, nivolumab + relatlimab HD, OPDIVO , YERVOY : Ono; : Prothena; COBENFY (KarXT), AUGTYRO : Zai Lab; pumitamig (BNT327/ ): BioNTech; : SystImmune; milvexian: Johnson & Johnson; obexelimab: Zenas BioPharma; REBLOZYL : Merck # study The following are our registrational study readouts anticipated through 2026/2027: Oncology Immunology Asset Indication Trial Asset Indication Trial AR LDD mCRPC rechARge Sotyktu SjD POETYK Opdivo Adjuvant HCC CheckMate -9DX Sotyktu SLE POETYK Opdivo MIUC CA017-078 Sotyktu SLE POETYK Krazati 2L CRC * admilparant IPF Opdivo Qvantig + Yervoy 1L NSCLC admilparant PPF Krazati 2L+ NSCLC * RYZ101 2L+ SSTR2+ Cardiovascular Asset Indication Trial Hematology milvexian SSP Asset Indication Trial milvexian AF 4L+ MM QUINTESSENTIAL iberdomide 2L+ MM PFS Neuroscience mezigdomide 2L+ MM Vd Asset Indication Trial mezigdomide 2L+ MM Kd Cobenfy AD Psychosis Reblozyl TD & NTD α-Thalassemia CA056-015# Cobenfy AD Psychosis Reblozyl 1L NTD MDS Associated Anemia Cobenfy AD Psychosis Cobenfy Cobenfy * Confirmatory Trial # .S. Study 13 Alliances We enter into alliance arrangements with third parties for the development and commercialization of specific products or drug candidates in our therapeutic areas of focus. Alliances may be structured as , , licensing or joint venture arrangements. These arrangements may include upfront payments; option payments to develop or commercialize a specific asset or technology; payments for various developmental, regulatory and milestones; royalties; cost reimbursements; profit sharing; and equity investments. Provisions in our alliance arrangements lessen our investment risk for compounds not leading to revenue generating products but reduce the profitability of marketed products due to profit sharing or royalty payments. We actively pursue such arrangements and view alliances as an important complement to our own discovery, development and commercialization activities. Our alliance arrangements contain customary early termination provisions following material breaches, bankruptcy or product safety concerns. Such arrangements also typically provide for termination by BMS without cause. The amount of notice required for early termination generally ranges from immediately upon notice to 180 days after receipt of notice. Termination immediately upon notice is generally available where the other party files a voluntary bankruptcy petition or if a material safety issue arises with a product such that the medical risk/benefit is incompatible with the welfare of patients to continue to develop or commercialize the product. Termination with a notice period is generally available where an involuntary bankruptcy petition has been filed and has not been dismissed, a material breach by a party has occurred and not been cured or where BMS terminates without cause. Sometimes, BMS's right to terminate without cause may only be exercisable after a specified period of time has elapsed after the alliance agreement is signed. Our alliances typically do not otherwise contain provisions that provide the other party the right to terminate the alliance. We typically do not retain any rights to another party's product or intellectual property after an alliance terminates. The loss of rights to one or more products that are marketed and sold by us pursuant to an alliance could be material to our results of operations and the loss of cash flows caused by such loss of rights could be material to our financial condition and liquidity. Alliance agreements may be structured to terminate on specific dates, upon the product's patent expiration date or without an expiry date. Profit sharing payments typically have no expiration date while royalty payments typically cease upon loss of market exclusivity, including patent expiration. Refer to “Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data—Note 3. Alliances” for further information on our most significant alliance agreements as well as other alliance agreements. Marketing, Distribution and Customers We promote the appropriate use of our products directly to healthcare professionals and organizations such as doctors, nurse practitioners, physician assistants, pharmacists, technologists, hospitals, PBMs and MCOs. We also provide information about the appropriate use of our products to consumers in the U.S. through print, radio, television and digital advertising and promotion. In addition, we sponsor general advertising to educate the public about our innovative medical research and corporate mission. For a discussion of the regulation of promotion and marketing of pharmaceuticals, refer to “—Government Regulation” below. Through our field sales and medical organizations, we explain the risks and benefits of the approved uses of our products to medical professionals. We work to gain access for our products on formularies and reimbursement plans (lists of recommended or approved medicines and other products), including Medicare Part D plans, by providing information about the clinical profiles of our products. Our marketing and sales of prescription pharmaceuticals is limited to the approved uses of the particular product, but we continue to develop scientific data and other information about potential additional uses of our products and provide such information as scientific exchange at scientific congresses or we share information about our products in other appropriate ways, including the development of publications, or in response to unsolicited inquiries from doctors, other medical professionals and MCOs. Our operations include several marketing and sales organizations. Each product marketing organization is supported by a sales force, which is responsible for selling one or more products. We also have marketing organizations that focus on certain classes of customers such as managed care entities or certain types of marketing tools, such as digital or consumer communications. Our sales forces focus on communicating information about new approved products or uses, as well as approved uses of established products, and promotion to physicians is increasingly targeted at physician specialists who treat the patients in need of our medicines. 14 Our products are sold principally to wholesalers, distributors, specialty pharmacies, and to a lesser extent, retailers, hospitals, clinics, and government agencies. Additionally, in the U.S., we recently announced offerings for several products. Revlimid and Pomalyst are distributed in the U.S. primarily through contracted pharmacies under the Lenalidomide REMS ( Revlimid ) and Pomalyst REMS programs, respectively. These are proprietary, mandatory distribution programs tailored specifically to provide for the safe and appropriate distribution and use of Revlimid and Pomalyst . Internationally, Revlimid and Imnovid are distributed under mandatory distribution programs tailored to meet local authorities’ specifications to provide for the product’s safe and appropriate distribution and use. Camzyos is only available through the Camzyos REMS Program. Product distribution is limited to REMS certified pharmacies, and enrolled pharmacies must only dispense to patients who are authorized to receive Camzyos . These programs may vary by country and, depending upon the country and the design of the program, the product may be sold through hospitals or retail pharmacies. Refer to “Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data—Note 2. Revenue” for gross revenues to the three largest pharmaceutical wholesalers in the U.S. as a percentage of our global gross revenues. Our U.S. business has DSAs with substantially all of our direct wholesaler and distributor customers that allow us to monitor U.S. wholesaler and distributor inventory levels and requires those wholesalers and distributors to maintain inventory levels that are no more than one month of their demand. The DSAs, including those with our three largest wholesalers, expire in June 2027 subject to certain termination provisions. Our .S. businesses have significantly more direct customers. Information on available direct customer product level inventory and corresponding information and the reliability of demand information varies widely. We limit our direct customer sales channel inventory reporting to where we can reliably gather and report inventory levels from our customers. In a number of countries outside of the U.S., we contract with distributors to support certain products. The services provided by these distributors vary by market, but may include distribution and logistics; regulatory and pharmacovigilance; and/or sales, advertising or promotion. Competition The markets in which we compete are generally and highly competitive. We compete with other global drug companies, many smaller research companies with more limited therapeutic focus and generic drug manufacturers. Important competitive factors include product efficacy, safety and ease of use, price and demonstrated , marketing effectiveness, product labeling, customer service and R&D of new products and processes. Sales of our products can be impacted by new studies that indicate a competitor’s product is safer or more effective for treating a disease or particular form of disease than one of our products. Our revenues also can be impacted by additional labeling requirements relating to safety or convenience that may be imposed on products by the FDA or by similar regulatory agencies in different countries. If competitors introduce new products and processes with therapeutic or cost advantages, our products can be subject to progressive price reductions, decreased volume of sales or both. Advancements in treating cancer with IO therapies continue to evolve at a rapid pace. Our IO products, particularly Opdivo , operate in a highly competitive marketplace. In addition to competing for market share with other IO products in approved indications such as lung cancer and melanoma, we face increased competition from existing competing IO products that receive FDA approval for additional indications and for new IO agents that receive FDA approval and enter the market. Furthermore, as therapies combining different IO products or IO products with existing chemotherapy or targeted therapy treatments are investigated for potential expanded approvals, we anticipate that our IO products will continue to experience intense competition. Another competitive challenge we face is from generic pharmaceutical manufacturers. In certain countries, including the U.S. and in the EU, the regulatory approval process exempts generics from costly and clinical studies to demonstrate their safety and efficacy, allowing generic manufacturers to rely on the safety and efficacy of the innovator product. As a result, generic pharmaceutical manufacturers typically invest far less in R&D than pharmaceutical companies and therefore can price their products significantly lower than branded products. Accordingly, when a branded product loses its market exclusivity, it normally faces intense price competition from generic forms of the product. Upon the expiration or loss of market exclusivity on a product, we can lose the major portion of that product's revenue in a very short period of time. After the expiration of exclusivity, the rate of revenue decline of a product varies by country. In general, the decline in the U.S. market is more rapid than in most other developed countries, though we have observed rapid declines in a number of EU countries as well. Also, the declines in developed countries tend to be more rapid than in developing countries. The rate of revenue decline after the expiration of exclusivity has also historically been influenced by product characteristics. For example, drugs that are used in a large patient population (e.g., those prescribed by key primary care physicians) tend to experience more rapid declines than drugs in specialized areas of medicine (e.g., oncology). Drugs that are more complex to manufacture (e.g., sterile injectable products) usually experience a slower decline than those that are simpler to manufacture. 15 In certain countries outside the U.S., patent protection is weak or nonexistent and we are challenged by generic versions shortly after we launch our innovative products. In addition, generic pharmaceutical companies may introduce a generic product before exclusivity has expired, and before the resolution of any related patent litigation. For more information about market exclusivity, refer to “—Products, Intellectual Property and Product Exclusivity.” We believe our competitive position depends upon our success in discovering and developing innovative, products that serve unmet medical needs, along with our ability to manufacture products efficiently and to market them effectively in a highly competitive environment. Pricing, Price Constraints and Market Access Our medicines are priced based on a number of factors, including the value of scientific innovation for patients and society in the context of overall health care spend, economic factors impacting health care systems’ ability to provide appropriate and sustainable access and the necessity to sustain our investment in innovation platforms to address unmet medical needs. Central to price is the clinical value that this innovation brings to the market, the current landscape of alternative treatment options and the goals of ensuring appropriate patient access to this innovation and sustaining investment in creative platforms. We continue to explore new pricing approaches to ensure that patients have access to our medicines. Enhancing patient access to medicines is a priority for us. We are focused on: offering creative tiered pricing and patient support programs to optimize access while protecting innovation; advocating for sustainable healthcare policies and infrastructure, leveraging advocacy/payer’s input and utilizing collaborations as appropriate; and improving access to care and supportive services for vulnerable patients through collaborations and demonstration projects. An important factor on which the pricing of our medicines depends is government policies, laws and regulations. We have been subject to increasing international and domestic efforts by various governments to implement or strengthen measures to regulate pharmaceutical market access and product pricing and payment. In the U.S., we are required to provide discounts on purchases of pharmaceutical products under various federal and state healthcare programs. Federal government officials and legislators continue to face intense pressure from the public to manage the perceived high cost of pharmaceuticals and have responded by pursuing legislation, such as the IRA and other rules that claim to potentially further reduce the cost of drugs for the federal government and other stakeholders. For further discussion on the IRA, refer to “Item 1. Business—Government Regulation.” We are also required to comply with state laws that seek additional transparency into the cost of prescription drugs. We are monitoring efforts by states to seek additional rebates and limit state spending on drugs in light of budget pressures. These international, federal and state legislative and regulatory developments could create new constraints on our ability to set prices and/or impact our market access in certain areas. For further discussion on the pricing pressure and its risk, refer to “Item 1. Business—Government Regulation” and “Item 1A. Risk Factors—Product, Industry and Operational Risks—Increased pricing pressure and other restrictions in the U.S. and abroad continue to negatively affect our revenues and profit margins.” The growth and consolidation of MCOs and PBMs in the U.S. has also been a major factor in the healthcare marketplace. As MCOs and PBMs have been consolidating into fewer, larger entities, they have also been enhancing their purchasing strength and share of voice within the market. To successfully compete for formulary position with MCOs and PBMs, we must often demonstrate that our products offer not only medical benefits but also cost advantages as compared with other forms of care. Exclusion of a product from a formulary can lead to its sharply reduced usage in patient populations due to higher costs to patients. Consequently, pharmaceutical companies compete aggressively to have their products included on these formularies. Where possible, companies compete for inclusion based upon unique features of their products, such as greater efficacy, better patient ease of use or fewer side effects. A lower overall cost of therapy, usually provided as a rebate to the PBM, is also an important factor. We have been generally, although not universally, successful in having our major products included on MCO and PBM formularies. 16 In many markets outside the U.S., we operate in an environment of , programs. In these markets, a significant portion of funding for healthcare services and the determination of pricing and reimbursement for pharmaceutical products are subject to either direct government control at the point of care or governments serving as the primary payer. As a result, our products may face restricted access and pricing pressures by both public and private payers and may be subject to assessments of comparative value and effectiveness against existing standards of care. Several governments have placed restrictions on physician prescription levels and patient reimbursements, emphasized greater use of generic drugs and/or enacted mandated price cuts or rebate schemes as methods of cost control. In most EU countries, for example, the government regulates pricing of a new product at launch often through direct price controls, international price comparisons, and/or reference pricing to the current standard of care. Prices are often reevaluated and further restricted throughout the life of the medicine. In other EU markets, such as Germany, the government does not set pricing restrictions at launch, but pricing freedom is subsequently limited. Companies may also face significant delays in market access for new products and more than a year can elapse before new medicines become available to patients in the market. Additionally, countries outside of the U.S. have regularly imposed new or additional cost containment measures for pharmaceuticals such as volume discounts, cost caps, cost sharing for increases in excess of prior year costs for individual products or aggregated market level spending and clawbacks. These trends have been accelerating in recent years. For example, the UK recently established a new scheme which sets an overall cap on the total annual growth in National Health Services (NHS) spending on branded medicines. Sales that exceed this cap are returned to the government as a rebate from the pharmaceutical companies in the scheme. Additionally, the Japanese government continues to impose price cuts outside the normal repricing cycles, and in the last several years introduced a new value assessment requirement on some medicines to further cut prices. The existence of price differentials between markets, particularly among neighboring countries, due to the different national pricing and reimbursement conditions leads to potential parallel trade flows. Government Regulation The pharmaceutical industry is subject to extensive global regulations by regional, country, state and local agencies. The Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act, other Federal statutes and regulations, various state statutes and regulations (including newly enacted state laws regulating drug price transparency, rebates and drug spending), and laws and regulations of foreign governments govern to varying degrees the testing, approval, production, labeling, distribution, surveillance, advertising, dissemination of information and promotion of our products. The lengthy process of laboratory and clinical testing, data analysis, manufacturing, development and regulatory review necessary for required governmental approvals is extremely costly and can significantly delay product introductions in a given market. Promotion, marketing, manufacturing and distribution of pharmaceutical products are extensively regulated in all major world markets. In addition, our operations are subject to complex Federal, state, local and foreign environmental and occupational safety laws and regulations. We anticipate that the laws and regulations affecting the manufacture and sale of current products and the introduction of new products will continue to require substantial scientific and technical effort, time and expense as well as significant capital investments. The FDA is of particular importance in the U.S. It has jurisdiction over virtually all of our activities and imposes requirements covering the testing, safety, effectiveness, manufacturing, labeling, marketing, advertising and surveillance of our products. In many cases, FDA requirements have increased the amount of time and money necessary to develop new products and bring them to market in the U.S. The regulatory review process is a resource intensive undertaking for both the FDA and the pharmaceutical company. Improvements in the efficiency of this process can have significant impact on bringing new therapies to patients more quickly. The FDA can employ several tools to facilitate the development of certain drugs or expedite certain applications, including fast track designation, Breakthrough Therapy designation, priority review, accelerated approval, incentives for orphan drugs developed for rare diseases and others. The FDA mandates that drugs be manufactured, packaged and labeled in conformity with cGMP established by the FDA. In complying with cGMP regulations, manufacturers must continue to expend time, money and effort in production, recordkeeping and quality control to ensure that products meet applicable specifications and other requirements to ensure product safety and efficacy. The FDA periodically inspects our drug manufacturing facilities to ensure compliance with applicable cGMP requirements. Failure to comply with the statutory and regulatory requirements subjects us to possible legal or regulatory action, such as suspension of manufacturing, seizure of product or voluntary recall of a product. Adverse events with the use of products must be reported to the FDA and could result in the imposition of market restrictions through labeling changes or product removal. Product approvals may be withdrawn if compliance with regulatory requirements is not maintained or if problems concerning safety or efficacy occur following approval. The Federal government has extensive enforcement powers over the activities of pharmaceutical manufacturers, including authority to withdraw or delay product approvals, to commence actions to seize and prohibit the sale of unapproved or products, to halt manufacturing operations that are not in compliance with cGMPs, and to impose or seek injunctions, voluntary recalls, civil, monetary and criminal penalties. Such a restriction or prohibition on sales or withdrawal of approval of products marketed by us could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and cash flows. 17 Marketing authorization for our products is subject to revocation by the applicable governmental agencies. In addition, modifications or enhancements of approved products or changes in manufacturing locations are in many circumstances subject to additional FDA approvals, which may or may not be received and may be subject to a lengthy application process. The distribution of pharmaceutical products is subject to the PDMA as part of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act, which regulates such activities at both the Federal and state level. Under the PDMA and its implementing regulations, states are permitted to require registration of manufacturers and distributors that provide pharmaceuticals even if such manufacturers or distributors have no place of business within the state. States are also permitted to adopt regulations limiting the distribution of product samples to licensed practitioners. The PDMA also imposes extensive licensing, personnel recordkeeping, packaging, quantity, labeling, product handling and facility storage and security requirements intended to prevent the sale of pharmaceutical product samples or other product diversions. The FDA Amendments Act of 2007 imposed additional obligations on pharmaceutical companies and delegated more enforcement authority to the FDA in the area of drug safety. Key elements of this legislation give the FDA authority to (i) require that companies conduct safety studies of drugs, (ii) impose certain safety related drug labeling changes, (iii) mandate risk mitigation measures such as the education of healthcare providers and the restricted distribution of medicines, (iv) require companies to publicly disclose data from clinical studies and (v) television advertisements. The marketing practices of all U.S. pharmaceutical manufacturers are subject to Federal and state healthcare laws that are used to protect the integrity of government healthcare programs. The OIG oversees compliance with applicable Federal laws, in connection with the payment for products by government funded programs, primarily Medicaid and Medicare. These laws include the Federal statute, which criminalizes knowingly offering something of value to induce the recommendation, order or purchase of products or services reimbursed under a government healthcare program. Failure to comply with these healthcare laws could subject us to administrative and legal proceedings, including actions by Federal and state government agencies. Such actions could result in the imposition of civil and criminal sanctions, which may include fines, penalties and injunctive remedies; the impact of which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and cash flows. We are also subject to the jurisdiction of various other Federal and state regulatory and enforcement departments and agencies, such as the Federal Trade Commission, the Department of Justice and the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services (the "HHS"). We are also licensed by the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration to procure and produce controlled substances. We are, therefore, subject to possible administrative and legal proceedings and actions by these organizations. Such actions may result in the imposition of civil and criminal sanctions, which may include fines, penalties and injunctive or administrative remedies. The U.S. healthcare industry is subject to various laws and regulations authorizing prices or price controls that have and will continue to have an impact on our total revenues. We participate in state government Medicaid programs, as well as certain other qualifying Federal and state government programs whereby discounts and rebates are provided to participating state and local government entities. We participate in the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program ("MDRP"), under which we must pay rebates to state Medicaid programs for our covered outpatient drugs provided to Medicaid beneficiaries, with rebates based on pricing data we report regularly to the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services (CMS). We also participate in the Health Resources and Services Administration's 340B program, under which we must offer covered outpatient drugs to statutorily defined covered entities at no more than the 340B program “ceiling price”, with that price calculated based on data. We also participate in federal government programs that specify discounts to certain federal government entities; the most significant of which are the U.S. Department of Defense and the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs. These entities receive statutory discounts based off a defined “ average manufacturer price” for purchases. 18 As regulators continue to focus on prescription drugs, our products are facing increased pressures across the portfolio. These pressures stem from legislative and policy changes, including price controls, pharmaceutical market access, discounting, changes to tax and importation laws and other restrictions in the U.S., EU and other regions around the world. These pressures have resulted in lower prices, lower reimbursement rates and smaller populations for whom payers will reimburse, which have negatively impacted, and may continue to, negatively impact our results of operations (including intangible asset impairment charges), operating cash flow, liquidity and financial flexibility. The IRA directs (i) the federal government to “negotiate” prices for select Medicare Part D (beginning in 2026) and Part B (beginning in 2028) drugs that are more than nine years (for drugs) or 13 years (for biologics) from their initial FDA approval, (ii) manufacturers to pay a rebate for Medicare Part B and Part D drugs when prices increase faster than inflation and (iii) the formation of the Part D Manufacturer Program which replaced the Part D CGDP and established a $2,000 cap for costs for Medicare beneficiaries as of January 2025, with manufacturers being responsible for 10% of costs up to the $2,000 cap and 20% after that cap is reached. In August 2024, as part of the first round of government price setting pursuant to the IRA, the HHS announced the "maximum fair price" for a 30-day equivalent supply of Eliquis , which applies to the U.S. Medicare channel effective January 1, 2026. In November 2025, the HHS announced the "maximum fair price" for a 30-day supply of Pomalyst , which applies to the U.S. Medicare channel effective January 1, 2027. In January 2026, the HHS selected Orencia as a medicine subject to "negotiation" for prices beginning in 2028. It is possible that more of our products could be selected in future years based upon the selection criteria currently utilized by the HHS or potentially expanded future criteria, or that the "maximum fair price" for our previously selected products could be renegotiated. This could, among other things, accelerate revenue erosion prior to expiry of intellectual property protections. We continue to evaluate the impact of the IRA on our results of operations, and it is possible that these changes may result in a material impact on our business and results of operations. In May 2025, President Trump issued an executive order entitled, "Delivering Nation Prescription Drug Pricing to American Patients," which, among various proposals, directs the HHS to facilitate purchasing programs for pharmaceutical manufacturers that sell their products to American patients at the price and to communicate price targets to manufacturers and propose a rulemaking plan to impose pricing if “significant progress” is not made towards achieving such pricing. In July 2025, the Trump administration sent letters to several pharmaceutical manufacturers, including BMS, which outlined steps that such manufacturers should take to advance certain objectives of the executive order. In December 2025, we announced an agreement with the U.S. government (the "U.S. Government Agreement") pursuant to which we agreed to, among other things: (i) provide Eliquis for free to the Medicaid program effective January 1, 2026; (ii) donate more than seven tons of Eliquis API to fill the U.S. Strategic Active Ingredient Reserve; (iii) enable access to Sotyktu, Zeposia, Reyataz, Baraclude and Orencia for patients at discounts approximately 80% off current list prices; (iv) adopt a more balanced pricing approach for new launches across developed nations; and (v) continue to expand domestic production. This agreement, and any potential future agreements with government entities, by us or our competitors, could result in reduced prices and reimbursement for certain of our or competing products and may impact our cash flows and results of operations. Further, the U.S. and other countries have recently imposed, and may continue to impose, new tariffs. While pharmaceuticals are largely exempt from the tariffs imposed in 2025, such exemptions may be terminated or may not apply to any future tariffs. In accordance with the U.S. Government Agreement, BMS will receive certain U.S. tariff relief until January 2029 and will not be subject to future pricing mandates in the U.S., however, such exemptions may be terminated or may not be extended. In addition, we remain subject to any current or future pricing mandates implemented outside of the U.S. It is possible that such regulations may result in a material impact on our business and results of operations. In July 2025, the OBBBA was enacted which, among other things, aims to achieve efficiencies in U.S. federal government healthcare spending over the next decade, primarily within Medicaid. Additionally, this legislation makes permanent many provisions of the TCJA and modifies certain rules, including within the international tax framework, thereby offering increased certainty for future business planning. The OBBBA also permits businesses to immediately deduct up to 100% of their qualifying domestic R&D expenses in the year they are incurred for tax years beginning after December 31, 2024, and allows businesses to accelerate deductions (over a one- or period) of domestic R&D expenses that were deferred from 2022 to 2024. 19 At the state level, multiple states have passed, are pursuing or are considering government action via legislation or regulations to change drug pricing and reimbursement (e.g., establishing prescription drug affordability boards, implementing manufacturer mandates tied to the Federal Public Health Service Act drug pricing program, etc.). Some of these actions may also influence federal and other state policies and legislation. Given the current uncertainty surrounding the adoption, timing and implementation of many of these measures, as well as pending litigation challenging such laws, we are unable to predict their full impact on our business. However, such measures could modify or decrease access, coverage, or reimbursement of our products, or result in significant changes to our sales or pricing practices, which could have a material impact on our revenues and results of operations. With respect to the Federal Public Health Service Act drug pricing program, certain states have enacted laws regulating manufacturer pricing obligations under the program to date. Several additional states are considering similar potential legislation or other government actions, and we expect other states may do the same in the future. Our activities outside the U.S. are also subject to regulatory requirements governing the testing, approval, safety, effectiveness, manufacturing, labeling and marketing of our products. These regulatory requirements vary from country to country. Whether or not FDA or EC approval has been obtained for

[truncated]