BETA Close X Bloomsbury Publishing Plc has launched a new base in Singapore to capitalize on the rapidly growing student population in Asia, which is projected to increase from 264 million in 2023 to 600 million by 2040, with over 60% in Asia. This strategic expansion aligns with the company's Bloomsbury 2030 vision and strengthens its portfolio of portfolios strategy, aiming to enhance direct relationships with higher education institutions and tailor content for Asian markets, particularly through Bloomsbury Digital Resources. The Singapore office, alongside existing operations in India and Australia, provides a robust platform for increased sales across the region. Disclaimer* Bloomsbury Publishing PLC 28 January 2026 BLOOMSBURY PUBLISHING PLC ("Bloomsbury" or "the Company") Bloomsbury implements strategy to grow Academic sales in Asia on the back of dramatically increasing student numbers Bloomsbury Publishing Plc (LSE: BMY), the leading independent publisher, is pleased to announce the launch of a new base from which to publish for the exploding number of university students in Asia with the opening of Bloomsbury Singapore today. In line with the Bloomsbury 2030 vision, this geographic expansion strengthens our portfolio of portfolios strategy and further positions the business to benefit from growth in the region. The World Bank estimates that global higher education students will grow from 264m in 2023 to 600m by 2040 with over 60% in Asia (Calderon, UNESCO). This makes it a very attractive market for our academic publishing business and Singapore will be our base to harness this huge growth in the region. Together with our offices in India and Australia, it gives Bloomsbury a strong platform to further grow sales across Asia. The early focus of the Singapore office will be on expanding our direct relationships with higher education institutions, and tailoring more content for Asian markets, particularly to be delivered through Bloomsbury Digital Resources. Nigel Newton, Founder and Chief Executive of Bloomsbury Publishing commented : "I am pleased to announce the opening of our new base in Singapore. Whilst we have sold books and digital resources in Asia for many years, having an editorial base in Singapore and tailored content will allow us to strengthen local partnerships, expand our activity in the region and capitalise on the growing student population. Singapore is a thriving and dynamic country, and we are excited by the opportunities this new office will bring as our base for Bloomsbury expansion throughout Asia." For further information, please contact: Bloomsbury Publishing Plc Tamsin Garrity, Group Investor Relations Director tamsin.garrity@bloomsbury.com Hudson Sandler Dan de Belder / Hattie Dreyfus / Emily Brooker bloomsbury@hudsonsandler.com This information is provided by Reach, the non-regulatory press release distribution service of RNS, part of the London Stock Exchange. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Bloomsbury Publishing (BMY) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 18 minutes ago Ajax Resources 52 minutes ago PPHE Hotel Group Ltd 2 hours ago Gana Media Group plc 2 hours ago Caledonia Investments 5 hours ago GCM Resources All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and