consolidated income statement and balance sheet when the results of those operating companies are translated into U.S. dollars for our reporting purposes, as we cannot hedge against translational exposures. Decreases in the value of our operating companies’ functional currencies against the U.S. dollar will tend to reduce those operating companies’ contributions in dollar terms to our financial condition and results of operations. There has been marked volatility in currency exchange rates toward the end of 2024, resulting in a significantly stronger U.S. dollar by the end of the year as measured against major global currencies, including the Argentine peso, the Brazilian real, the British pound sterling, the Canadian dollar, the Colombian peso, the Euro, the Mexican peso and the South African rand. Our total consolidated revenue was USD 59.8 billion for the year ended 31 December 2024, an increase of USD 0.4 billion compared to the year ended 31 December 2023. The negative impact of unfavorable currency translation effects, including hyperinflation accounting impact, on our consolidated revenue in the year ended 31 December 2024 was USD 2.0 billion, primarily as a result of the impact of the currency translation effects in South America and Europe, Middle East and Africa (“ EMEA ”). Significant changes in the value of foreign currencies relative to the U.S. dollar could adversely affect the amounts we record for our foreign assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, and could have a negative effect on our results of operations and profitability. See “Item 5. Operating and Financial Review—E. Results of Operations—Year Ended 31 December 2024 Compared to the Year Ended 31 December 2023” for further details on the impact of currency translation effects on our results of operations. -5- Table of Contents In addition to currency translation risk, we incur currency transaction risks whenever one of our operating companies enters into transactions using currencies other than its respective functional currency, including purchase or sale transactions and the issuance or incurrence of debt. Although we have hedging policies in place to manage commodity price and foreign currency risks to protect our exposure to currencies other than our operating companies’ functional currencies, there can be no assurance that such policies will be able to successfully hedge against the effects of such foreign exchange exposure. Further, our customers in foreign markets may also face currency transaction risks as a result of significant changes in the value of foreign currencies relative to the U.S. dollar, including higher costs of living and an erosion of purchasing power, which could lead to a negative shift in consumer demand for our products. Much of our debt is denominated in U.S. dollars, while a significant portion of our cash flows is denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. From time to time we enter into financial instruments to mitigate currency risk, but these transactions and any other efforts taken to better match the effective currencies of our liabilities to our cash flows could result in increased costs. See “Item 11. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk—Market Risk, Hedging and Financial Instruments,” note 27 to our audited consolidated financial statements as of 31 December 2024 and 2023, and for the three years ended 31 December 2024, for further details on our approach to hedging commodity price and foreign currency risk. Our business, financial performance and results of operations have been, and may continue to be, adversely affected by military conflicts and their related consequences. The broader geopolitical and economic consequences of the ongoing conflict between Russian and Ukraine and in the Middle East, including the conflict in the Red Sea, could have the effect of heightening other risks described in this Form 20-F, including, but not limited to, adverse effects on economic and political conditions in our key markets, further disruptions to global supply chains and increases in commodity and energy prices with global inflationary impacts, additional sanctions and restrictive measures, increased risk of cyber incidents or other disruptions to our information systems, which could materially adversely affect our business and operations. See also “—We are exposed to risks associated with global, regional and local economic weakness and uncertainty (including those resulting from an economic downturn, recession, foreign exchange, inflationary pressures and/or geopolitical instability), which could adversely affect our business and operations, the demand for our products and the market price of our Ordinary Shares and ADSs”, “—Changes in the availability or price of raw materials, commodities, energy and water, including as a result of geopolitical instability, inflationary pressures, currency fluctuations, constraints on sourcing and increases in tariffs on such raw materials and commodities could have an adverse effect on our results of operations”, “—If we do not successfully comply with applicable laws, export control regulations and trade restrictions, we could become subject to fines, penalties or other regulatory sanctions, as well as to adverse press coverage, which could adversely impact our reputation, our sales or our profitability”, and “Cybersecurity incidents and other disruptions to our information and operational technology systems, or in our supply chain, could damage our reputation and we could experience a loss of revenue, incur substantial additional costs and become subject to litigation and regulatory scrutiny” for details regarding the impact military conflicts have had, and may continue to have, on our business and operations. The ultimate impact of these disruptions depends on events beyond our knowledge or control, including the scope and duration of the conflict and actions taken by parties other than us to respond to them, and cannot be predicted. Our business, financial performance and results of operations have been adversely affected by the ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine. On 22 April 2022, we announced our decision to sell our interest in the AB InBev Efes joint venture, in which we own a 50% stake and which we do not consolidate, and that we were in active discussions with Anadolu Efes, the controlling shareholder of AB InBev Efes, to acquire that interest. We derecognized the investment in AB InBev Efes and reported a USD 1,143 million impairment charge in exceptional share of result of associates as of 30 June 2022. See also note 16 to our audited consolidated financial statements as of 31 December 2024 and 2023, and for the three years ended 31 December 2024 included in this Form 20-F. On 23 October 2024, we announced that we and Anadolu Efes agreed that Anadolu Efes will acquire our interest in the Russian business and we will acquire the interest of Anadolu Efes in the Ukraine business. The transaction, including the purchase price and other terms, was subject to required regulatory and governmental approvals. On 30 December 2024, a Russian decree was issued which placed the AB -6- Table of Contents InBev Efes Russian operations under temporary management. As of 31 December 2024, the investment in AB InBev Efes remains classified as a asset held for sale. There can be no assurances on the outcome of the transaction. In connection with the ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine, the U.S. government, the European Commission and the authorities of certain other jurisdictions in which we operate have imposed sanctions on certain individuals and organizations in Russia, controls on exports to Russia covering a wide range of products and services, and restrictions on U.S., EU and other nationals carrying out certain activities in Russia or in support of Russian businesses. As a result of the conflict and international reactions thereto, Russian authorities have also imposed various economic and financial restrictions, including significant currency control measures aimed at restricting the outflow of foreign currency and capital and restrictions on transacting with parties. The implementation or expansion of these economic sanctions, trade restrictions, export and currency controls and other restrictive measures, including the temporary management of the AB InBev Efes Russian operations, have made it difficult for us to divest our interest in AB InBev Efes or for AB InBev Efes to remit cash from Russia to other jurisdictions. Any failure to comply with applicable sanctions and restrictions could subject us to regulatory penalties and reputational risk. Even though we have announced that we have entered into an agreement by which Anadolu Efes will acquire our interest in the Russian business of AB InBev Efes, in which we own a 50% stake and which we do not consolidate, and we will acquire the interest of Anadolu Efes in the Ukraine business of AB InBev Efes, the foregoing developments have had, and may continue to have, an adverse impact on our business, financial performance and results of operations, and could result in damage to our reputation. We may not be able to obtain the necessary funding for our future capital or refinancing needs and may face financial risks due to our level of debt, uncertain market conditions and as a result of the potential downgrading of our credit ratings. We may be required to raise additional funds for our future capital needs or to refinance our current indebtedness and future indebtedness through public or private financing, strategic relationships or other arrangements. There can be no assurance that the funding, if needed, will be available or provided on attractive terms. Although we have decreased our level of debt in recent years, debt could have significant consequences, including: • increasing our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions; • limiting our ability to fund future working capital and capital expenditures, to engage in future acquisitions or development activities or to otherwise realize the value of our assets and opportunities fully; • limiting our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the industry in which we operate; • impairing our ability to obtain additional financing in the future, or requiring us to obtain financing involving restrictive covenants; • requiring us to issue additional equity (possibly under unfavorable conditions), which could dilute our existing shareholders’ equity; • limiting our ability to pay dividends or pursue other capital distributions to shareholders; • placing us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors that have less debt. -7- Table of Contents In addition, ratings agencies may downgrade our credit ratings below their current levels. As of the date of this Form 20-F, our credit rating from Standard & Poor’s (“ S&P ”) Global Ratings was A- for obligations and A-2 for obligations, with a stable outlook, and our credit rating from Moody’s Investors Service was A3 for obligations and P-2 for obligations, with a stable outlook. Any credit rating downgrade could materially adversely affect our ability to finance our ongoing operations, including by increasing our cost of borrowing and significantly harming our financial condition, results of operations and profitability, including our ability to refinance our other existing indebtedness. Our level of debt may also impact our decision or ability to pursue certain capital allocation priorities. In recent years, we have given priority, among other things, to allocate surplus free cash flow (remaining after investments in our business) to balance leverage, return cash to shareholders (including by funding share repurchases), and pursue selective mergers and acquisitions. While we aim to dynamically allocate excess cash between our capital allocation priorities, our level of outstanding debt may restrict the amount of dividends we pay. Our ability to repay and renegotiate our outstanding indebtedness will depend upon market conditions. In recent years, the global credit markets experienced significant price volatility, dislocations and liquidity disruptions that caused the cost of debt financings to fluctuate considerably. The markets also put downward pressure on stock prices and credit capacity for certain issuers without regard to those issuers’ underlying financial strength. Lenders and institutional investors may reduce or cease to provide funding to borrowers because of concerns about the stability of the financial markets generally or the strength of counterparties. If such uncertain conditions occur, our costs could increase beyond what is anticipated. Certain of our subsidiaries could experience difficulties in obtaining or renewing third party guarantees or security arrangements that may be required to secure their performance of potential obligations under certain agreements and legal proceedings; see also “—The ability of our subsidiaries to distribute cash upstream may be subject to various conditions and limitations”. Such costs could have a material adverse impact on our cash flows, results of operations or both. In addition, an inability to refinance all or a substantial amount of our debt obligations when they become due, or more generally a failure to raise additional equity capital or debt financing or to realize proceeds from asset sales when needed, could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. The ability of our subsidiaries to distribute cash upstream may be subject to various conditions and limitations. To a large extent, we are organized as a holding company and our operations are carried out through subsidiaries. In particular, 27.9% (USD 16.7 billion) of our total revenue of USD 59.8 billion in 2024 came from our Brazilian listed subsidiary, Ambev, which is not wholly owned and is listed on the São Paulo Stock Exchange and the New York Stock Exchange (“ NYSE ”). Furthermore, 10.5% (USD 6.2 billion) of our total revenue of USD 59.8 billion in 2024 came from our Asia Pacific listed subsidiary, Budweiser Brewing Company APAC Limited (“ Budweiser APAC ”), which, since September 2019, is not wholly owned and is listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. Our domestic and foreign subsidiaries’ and affiliated companies’ ability to upstream or distribute cash (to be used, among other things, to meet our financial obligations) through dividends, intercompany advances, management fees and other payments is, to a large extent, dependent on the availability of cash flows at the level of such domestic and foreign subsidiaries and affiliated companies, and may be restricted by applicable laws, including currency controls and restrictions, accounting principles and illiquidity, inconvertibility or of a specified currency. Certain of our subsidiaries, including Ambev, may be required to secure their performance of potential obligations under certain agreements and legal proceedings. If these subsidiaries experience difficulties in obtaining or renewing, on attractive terms or at all, financial instruments required to secure their performance of potential obligations under such agreements or legal proceedings and we do not provide guarantees in respect of their obligations under such financial instruments, these subsidiaries may be required to pay higher fees, post additional collateral or use a substantial portion of their cash to secure such obligations, which may adversely affect their available cash flows and liquidity and our subsequent ability to receive cash upstream. -8- Table of Contents Furthermore, some of our subsidiaries are subject to laws restricting their ability to pay dividends or the amount of dividends they may pay. The risks posed by the illiquidity, inconvertibility or of currencies may be heightened in developing markets; for more information see “—We are exposed to developing market risks, including the risks of devaluation, nationalization and inflation”. If we are not able to obtain sufficient cash flows from our domestic and foreign subsidiaries and affiliated companies, this could adversely impact our ability to pay dividends, and otherwise negatively impact our business, results of operations and financial condition. See “Item 5. Operating and Financial Review—H. Liquidity and Capital Resources—Transfers from Subsidiaries” for further information in this respect. 2. Risks relating to our business activities and industry Changes in the availability or price of raw materials, commodities, energy and water, including as a result of geopolitical instability, inflationary pressures, currency fluctuations, constraints on sourcing and increases in tariffs on such raw materials and commodities could have an adverse effect on our results of operations. A significant portion of our operating expenses is related to raw materials and commodities, such as malted barley, wheat, corn, rice, hops, yeast, flavored concentrate, fruit concentrate, sugar, sweetener, water, glass, polyethylene terephthalate (“ PET ”) and aluminum bottles, aluminum or steel cans and kegs, aluminum can stock, labels, plastic crates, metal and plastic closures, folding cartons, cardboard products and plastic films. The supply and price of raw materials and commodities used for the production of our products can be affected by a number of factors beyond our control, including the level of crop production around the world, inflation, global geopolitical events, including war and other conflicts, energy prices, export demand, quality and availability of supply, speculative movements in the raw materials or commodities markets, currency fluctuations, governmental regulations and legislation affecting agriculture, trade agreements among producing and consuming nations, extreme weather conditions, natural disasters, health epidemics, pandemics or other disease outbreaks, economic factors affecting growth decisions, political developments, various plant diseases and pests. See also “—We rely on key third parties, including key suppliers, and the termination or modification of the arrangements with such third parties or their failure to meet their obligations to us could negatively affect our business.” We cannot predict future availability or prices of the raw materials or commodities required for our products. The markets in certain raw materials or commodities have experienced and may in the future experience shortages and significant price fluctuations, including as a result of inflationary pressures, the ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine and in the Middle East, including the conflict in the Red Sea, increased energy prices, public health crises, fluctuations in currency exchange rates, constraints on sourcing or the quality of crops and increases in tariffs on such raw materials and commodities. The foregoing may affect the price and availability of raw materials and commodities that we use to manufacture our products and the packaging materials in which our products are packaged, including cans and bottles. Likewise, disruptions or constraints in the availability of shipping or transportation services may affect the price or availability of raw materials or commodities required for our products, and may adversely affect our operations. We experienced higher commodity and logistics costs in recent years which may continue. We may not be able to increase our prices to offset these increased costs or increase our prices without experiencing reduced volume, revenue and operating income. To some extent, derivative financial instruments and the terms of supply agreements can protect against increases in materials and commodities costs and currency fluctuations in the short term. However, derivatives and supply agreements expire and upon expiry are subject to renegotiation and therefore cannot provide complete protection over the medium or longer term. If we are unable to adequately manage the risks inherent in such volatility, including if our hedging and derivative arrangements do not effectively or completely hedge against foreign currency risks and changes in commodity prices, our results of operations may be adversely impacted. See “—Fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates may lead to volatility in our results of operations” for further -9- Table of Contents details on risks related to foreign exchange exposure. In addition, it is possible that the hedging and derivative instruments we use to establish the purchase price for commodities in advance of the time of delivery may lock us into prices that are ultimately higher than actual market prices at the time of delivery. See “Item 11. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk—Market Risk, Hedging and Financial Instruments” for further details on our approach to hedging commodity price risk. The production and distribution of our products require material amounts of energy, including the consumption of products, natural gas, biomass, coal and electricity. Energy prices have been subject to significant price volatility in the recent past and may be again in the future. High energy prices over an extended period of time, as well as changes in energy taxation and regulation in certain geographies, may result in a negative effect on operating income and could potentially challenge our profitability in certain markets. There is no guarantee that we will be able to pass along increased energy costs to our customers in every case. The production of our products also requires large amounts of water, including water consumption in the agricultural supply chain. Changes in precipitation patterns and the frequency of extreme weather events may affect our water supply chain and the quality of our crops and, as a result, our physical operations. Water may also be subject to price increases in certain areas and certain jurisdictions may also adopt regulations restricting our use of and access to water or enact other unfavorable changes to applicable taxes and regulations. Such regulation may result in a negative effect on operating income or constrain or prohibit our production capacity which could potentially challenge our profitability in certain markets. There is no guarantee that we will be able to pass along increased water costs to our customers in every case. See “—Climate change or other environmental concerns, or legal, regulatory or market measures to address climate change or other environmental concerns, may negatively affect our business or operations, including the availability of key production or supply chain inputs.” Damage to our reputation or the image and reputation of our brands can adversely affect our business. Our reputation forms the foundation of our relationships with key stakeholders and other constituencies, including consumers, distributors, customers and suppliers, and maintaining a positive reputation globally is critical to the successful operation of our business. Damage to our reputation or the image and reputation of our brands could adversely affect our business, sales, results of operations, cash flows, financial condition and/or market price of our securities. Negative publicity surrounding us, our brands, our activities, our personnel, our business partners, our advertising campaigns, including those by our business partners, and consumer perception of our response or lack thereof to political and social issues or other events could damage our reputation or the image and reputation of our brands and may decrease demand for our products. Our reputation and the image and reputation of our brands could be damaged as a result of consumers’ perceptions of our support of, association with or lack of support or disapproval of certain causes or individuals. Further, campaigns, actions or statements by activists or other public figures, whether or not warranted, connecting us, our personnel, our supply chain, our products or our business partners with a failure to maintain high ethical, business and environmental, social and governance practices, including with respect to human rights, workplace conditions and employee health and safety, whether actual or perceived, could adversely impact our reputation and the image and reputation of our brands. Social media, which accelerates and potentially amplifies the scope of negative publicity, can increase the challenges of responding to negative claims, even if such claims are untrue. Our sponsorship relations and promotional partnerships may also subject us to negative publicity as result of any actual or alleged conduct, or consumers’ perceptions of views expressed, by our promotional partners or individuals and entities associated with organizations we sponsor or support. Negative claims or publicity involving our sponsorship or promotional partners, including as a result of any of their activities that harm their public image or reputation, could also have an adverse effect on our reputation or the image and reputation of our brands. These and other factors have reduced in the past, and could continue to reduce, consumers’ willingness to purchase certain of our products, thereby adversely affecting our business. -10- Table of Contents Our reputation may also be negatively impacted by the activities of our suppliers or associates, actual or perceived failures to provide safe working environments or by potential defects or contamination in our products; for more information see “—We rely on key third parties, including key suppliers, and the termination or modification of the arrangements with such third parties could negatively affect our business, “—We may be unable to influence our associates in which we have minority investments”, “—Negative publicity and public advocacy regarding perceived or potential health risks, as well as changes in related government regulation, may harm our business” and “—If any of our products is defective or found to contain contaminants, we may be subject to product recalls or other associated liabilities”. Certain of our operations depend on independent distributors or wholesalers to sell our products, and we may be unable to replace distributors or acquire interests in wholesalers or distributors. In addition, we may be adversely impacted by the consolidation of retailers. Certain of our operations are dependent on effective distribution networks to deliver our products to consumers, and distributors play an important role in distributing a significant proportion of beer and other beverages. Generally, distributors purchase our products from us and then sell them either to other distributors or points of sale. Such distributors are typically either or independent and privately owned. See “Item 4. Information on the Company—B. Business Overview—7. Distribution of Products” and “Item 4. Information on the Company—B. Business Overview—11. Regulations Affecting Our Business” for further information in this respect. There can be no assurance as to the financial affairs of such distributors or that these distributors, who often act both for us and our competitors, will not give our competitors’ products higher priority, thereby reducing their efforts to sell our products. In the United States, for instance, we sell the vast majority of our beer to independent wholesalers for distribution to retailers and ultimately consumers. As independent companies, wholesalers make their own business decisions that may not always align themselves with our interests. If our wholesalers do not effectively distribute our products, our financial results could be adversely affected. In addition, contractual restrictions and the regulatory environment of many markets may make it very difficult to change distributors and, in some markets, we may be prevented from acquiring interests in wholesalers or distributors (for example, see “—Our failure to satisfy our obligations under the SAB settlement agreement could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.”). In certain cases, poor performance by a distributor or wholesaler is not a sufficient reason for replacement. Such distributors could engage in practices that harm our reputation as consumers look to us for the quality and availability of our products. Our consequent inability to replace unproductive or inefficient distributors could adversely impact our business, results of operations and financial condition. Moreover, the retail industry, particularly in Europe, North America and other countries in which we operate, continues to consolidate, resulting in larger retailers with increased purchasing power, which may affect our profitability in these markets. Larger retailers may seek to improve their profitability and sales by asking for lower prices or increased trade spending. Such efforts by retailers could result in reduced profitability for the beer industry as a whole and adversely affect our financial results. We rely on key third parties, including key suppliers, and the termination or modification of the arrangements with such third parties or their failure to meet their obligations to us could negatively affect our business. We rely on suppliers for a range of raw materials for our beer and products, such as malted barley, corn, rice, hops, yeast, water, flavored concentrate, fruit concentrate, sugar and sweeteners, and for packaging material, such as glass, PET and aluminum bottles, aluminum or steel cans and kegs, labels, plastic crates, metal and plastic closures, folding cartons, cardboard products and plastic films. -11- Table of Contents We seek to limit our exposure to market fluctuations in the price and supply of these raw materials by entering into medium- and arrangements. Although we generally have multiple suppliers of raw materials and packaging materials, the termination of or any material change to arrangements with certain key suppliers, disagreements with suppliers as to payment or other terms, or the failure of a key supplier to meet its contractual obligations to us or otherwise deliver materials consistent with current usage, including as a result of sourcing constraints, disruptions in its supply chain or other difficulties, would or may require us to make purchases from alternative suppliers, in each case at potentially higher prices or lower quality than those agreed with the original supplier. We may also be subject to potential reputational damage if one of our suppliers violates applicable laws or regulations or our internal policies, or fails to meet certain quality standards. These factors could have a material impact on our production, distribution and sale of beer, other alcohol beverages and soft drinks and have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows or financial condition. A number of our key brand names are both licensed to brewers and used by companies over which we do not have control. See “Item 4. Information on the Company—B. Business Overview—8. Licensing.” If we are unable to maintain such arrangements on favorable terms, this could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows or financial condition. We monitor brewing quality to ensure adherence to our high standards, but, to the extent that one of these key licensed brand names is subject to negative publicity or one of our licensees or other business partners violates applicable laws or regulations or our internal policies, or fails to meet certain quality standards, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows or financial condition. For certain packaging supplies and raw materials, we rely on a small number of important suppliers which increases the risk of disruption in our supply chain. For example, we have a limited number of suppliers of aluminum cans and glass bottles as consolidation of the aluminum can industry and glass bottle industry in certain markets in which we operate has reduced local supply alternatives. In addition, certain of our subsidiaries may purchase nearly all of their key packaging materials from sole suppliers under contracts. The loss of or temporary discontinuity of supply from any of these suppliers without sufficient time to develop an alternative source could cause us to spend increased amounts on such supplies in the future. If these suppliers became unable to continue to meet our requirements, and we are unable to develop alternative sources of supply, our operations and financial results could be adversely affected. 3. Risks relating to our corporate structure, acquisitions and investments We may be unable to influence our associates in which we have minority investments. A portion of our global portfolio consists of associates in new or developing markets, including investments where we may have a lesser degree of control over the business operations. For example, through our investment in the beverage operations of Société des Brasseries et Glacières Internationales and B.I.H. Brasseries Internationales Holding Limited, we have exposure to a number of countries in Africa; and through our investment in Anadolu Efes, we have exposure to Turkey and countries in the Commonwealth of Independent States. We face several challenges inherent to these various culturally and geographically diverse business interests. For more information, see “—We are exposed to developing market risks, including the risks of devaluation, nationalization and inflation.” Although we work with our associates on the implementation of appropriate processes and controls, we also face additional risks and uncertainties with respect to these minority investments because we may be dependent on systems, controls and personnel that are not under our control, such as the risk that our associates may violate applicable laws and regulations, which could have an adverse effect on our business, reputation, results of operations and financial condition. For more information, see “—If we do not successfully comply with applicable laws, export control regulations and trade restrictions, we could become subject to fines, penalties or other regulatory sanctions, as well as to adverse press coverage, which could adversely impact our reputation, our sales or our profitability.” -12- Table of Contents We may have a conflict of interest with our subsidiaries and we may not be able to resolve such conflict on terms favorable to us. Conflicts of interest may arise between us and certain of our subsidiaries in various situations due to our status as parent company of such subsidiaries and interests that may differ from ours. Notwithstanding policies and procedures to address the possibility of such conflicts of interest, we may not be able to resolve all such conflicts on terms favorable to us. We have entered into various agreements with our subsidiaries. Notwithstanding the influence that we have over such subsidiaries, they may bring a legal claim against us in the event of a contractual breach. As a result, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. Additionally, certain of our directors and/or our senior management may also be directors, managers or senior officers in certain of our subsidiaries. Since our interests and the ones of the relevant subsidiaries are not necessarily always the same or wholly aligned, such dual mandates and other relationships with our subsidiaries or related parties may in the future result in conflicts of interest. We may be unsuccessful in identifying suitable acquisition targets or business partners or implementing our acquisitions, divestitures, investments, joint ventures or alliances, which may negatively impact our growth strategy. In the past, we have made acquisitions of, investments in and joint ventures and similar arrangements with other companies and businesses. Much of our growth in recent years is attributable to such transactions, including the combination with SAB in 2016, the combination of AB InBev and Grupo Modelo in 2013, the combination of InBev and Companies in 2008 and the combination of Interbrew S.A. and Ambev in 2004. We will need to identify suitable acquisition targets and agree on the terms with them if we are to make further acquisitions. Our size, contractual and regulatory limitations to which we are subject and our position in the markets in which we operate may make it harder to identify suitable targets, including because it may be harder for us to obtain regulatory approval for future transactions. If appropriate opportunities do become available, we may seek to acquire or invest in other businesses; however, any future acquisition may pose regulatory, antitrust and other risks. In addition, after completion of any transaction in the future, we would be required to integrate the acquired companies, businesses or operations into our existing operations. There is a risk that such integration will not be successful or will involve greater costs or result in fewer synergies than expected. Such transactions may also involve the assumption of certain actual or potential, known or unknown liabilities, which may have a potential impact on our financial risk profile. These risks and limitations may limit our ability to implement our global strategy and our ability to achieve or maintain future business growth. Our failure to satisfy our obligations under the SAB settlement agreement could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. We entered into a consent decree with the U.S. Department of Justice in relation to the combination with SAB on 20 July 2016. As part of this consent decree, we agreed, among other things, (i) not to acquire control of a distributor if doing so would result in more than 10% of our U.S. annual volume being distributed through distributorships in the U.S. and (ii) to notify the U.S. Department of Justice at least 30 days prior to the consummation of any acquisition of a beer brewer, importer, distributor or brand owner deriving more than USD 7.5 million in annual gross revenue from beer sold for further resale in the United States or from license fees generated by such sales, subject to certain exceptions. The consent decree was approved and entered by the U.S. federal district court in the District of Columbia on 22 October 2018. The consent decree will expire on 20 July 2026 (ten years after the U.S. Department of Justice filed its complaint); however, the consent decree may now be terminated upon notice by the U.S. Department of Justice to the court that continuation of the consent decree is no longer necessary or in the public interest. Our compliance with our obligations under the settlement agreement is monitored -13- Table of Contents by the U.S. Department of Justice and the Monitoring Trustee appointed by it. Were we to fail to fulfill our obligations under the settlement, whether intentionally or inadvertently, we could be subject to monetary fines or other penalties. Our obligations under the settlement agreement may also adversely impact our U.S. operations. In other jurisdictions, we were required to make certain divestitures and to fulfill a number of other commitments as a condition to receiving regulatory clearance for the combination with SAB, and we continue the process of fulfilling these commitments. For more information on commitments related to the combination with SAB, see “—We are exposed to antitrust and competition laws in certain jurisdictions and the risk of changes in such laws or in the interpretation and enforcement of existing antitrust and competition laws. In addition, in connection with our previous acquisitions, various regulatory authorities have previously imposed conditions with which we are required to comply.” 4. Market Risks We are exposed to developing market risks, including the risks of devaluation, nationalization and inflation. A substantial proportion of our operations are carried out in developing markets, representing approximately 65% of our 2024 revenue, which include Argentina, Bolivia, Botswana, Brazil, Chile, China, Colombia, Dominican Republic, Ecuador, El Salvador, Ghana, Guatemala, Honduras, India, Lesotho, Mexico, Mozambique, Namibia, Nigeria, Panama, Paraguay, Peru, South Africa, Tanzania, Uganda, Uruguay, Vietnam and Zambia. Our operations in these markets and equity investments in developing markets are subject to the usual risks of operating in developing countries, which include political instability or insurrection, human rights concerns, external interference, financial risks, changes in government policy, political and economic changes, changes in the relations between countries, actions of governmental authorities affecting trade and foreign investment, regulations on repatriation of funds, interpretation and application of local laws and regulations, enforceability of intellectual property and contract rights, local labor conditions and regulations, lack of upkeep of public infrastructure, natural disasters, potential political and economic uncertainty, application of exchange controls, nationalization or expropriation, empowerment legislation and policy, corrupt business environments, crime and lack of law enforcement. Such factors could affect our results by causing interruptions to our operations or by increasing the costs of operating in those countries or by limiting our ability to repatriate profits from those countries. The financial risks of operating in developing markets also include risks of illiquidity, inflation (for example, Brazil and Argentina have periodically experienced extremely high rates of inflation), devaluation (for example, the Brazilian, Argentine, Colombian, Peruvian, Turkish and several African currencies have been devalued frequently during the last several decades (see also “—Fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates may lead to volatility in our results of operations.”)), price volatility, currency convertibility and country default. Continued volatility and unpredictability with respect to our operating currencies, or new foreign exchange, export repatriation or expropriation regimes could adversely affect our ability to access funds from the countries in which we operate, our financial condition and operating results. Further devaluations of the functional currencies of our global operations in the future, if any, may also decrease our net assets, with a balancing entry in our equity. For further discussion of the risks imposed by macroeconomic volatility, see “—Fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates may lead to volatility in our results of operations.” These various factors could adversely impact our business, results of operations and financial condition. Moreover, the economies of developing countries are often affected by developments in other developing market countries and, accordingly, adverse changes in developing markets elsewhere in the world could have a negative impact on the markets in which we operate. For example, any adverse economic developments in China may have a significant impact on economies elsewhere in the world. Due to our geographic mix, these factors could affect us more than certain of our competitors, and any general decline in developing markets as a whole could impact us disproportionately compared to our competitors with less exposure to developing markets. -14- Table of Contents Competition and changing consumer preferences could lead to a reduction in our margins, increase costs and adversely affect our profitability. We compete with both brewers and other drinks companies and our products compete with other beverages. Globally, brewers, as well as other players in the beverage industry, compete mainly on the basis of the image and reputation of brands, price, quality, distribution networks and customer service. Consolidation has significantly increased the capital base and geographic reach of our competitors in some of the markets in which we operate, and competition is expected to increase further as the trend towards consolidation among companies in the beverage industry continues. Concurrently, competition in the beverage industry is expanding and the market is becoming more fragmented, complex and sophisticated as consumer preferences and tastes change. Such preferences can change rapidly and in unpredictable ways due to a variety of factors, including changes in prevailing economic conditions, changing social norms and attitudes regarding alcohol beverages, betterment trends and changing dietary preferences (including increased adoption of drugs to reduce consumption overall or change consumption patterns), changes in consumer tastes, changing dietary guidance and warning label requirements from public health bodies, changes in leisure activity patterns or negative publicity resulting from regulatory action or litigation against us or comparable companies; for more information see “—Negative publicity and public advocacy regarding perceived or potential health risks, as well as changes in related government regulation, may harm our business.” Furthermore, developments in the regulatory frameworks governing the usage of cannabis could result in shifts in consumer preference and the impact that cannabis legalization could have on alcohol sales remains unclear. Competition with brewers and producers of alternative beverages in our various markets and an increase in the purchasing power of participants in our distribution and sales channels could cause us to reduce pricing, increase capital investment, increase marketing and other expenditures and/or prevent us from increasing prices to recover higher costs, thereby causing us to reduce margins or lose market share. Further, we may not be able to anticipate or respond adequately either to changes in consumer preferences and tastes or to developments in new forms of media and marketing. Our marketing, promotional and advertising programs may not be successful in reaching consumers in the way we intend. Furthermore, innovation faces inherent risks, and the new products we introduce may not be successful, while competitors may be able to respond more quickly than we can to emerging trends, such as the increasing consumer preference for “craft beers” produced by microbreweries and the growth of the (“ RTD ”) category in certain markets. In recent years, many industries have seen disruption from producers and distributors, in many cases, due to a rapidly evolving digital landscape. Our business could be negatively affected if we are unable to anticipate changing consumer preferences for digital platforms or fail to continuously strengthen and evolve our capabilities in digital commerce and marketing. The success of our digital commerce activities depends in part on our ability to attract retailers, consumers and wholesalers to use our offerings and retain these relationships, which may be impacted by regulatory requirements, competitive pressures and other factors beyond our control. For more information regarding our digital commerce activities, please see “Item 4. Information on the Company—B. Business Overview—2. Principal Activities and Products— Digital Transformation and New Businesses”. 5. Legal and Regulatory Risks If any of our products is defective or found to contain contaminants, we may be subject to product recalls or other associated liabilities. Despite the precautions we take, in the event that any failure to comply by us or our business partners with accepted food safety and regulatory standards (such as a contamination or a defect) does occur in the future, it may lead to business interruptions, product recalls or liability, each of which could have an adverse effect on our business, reputation, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. Although we maintain insurance against certain product liability (but not product recall) risks in certain markets, we may not be able to enforce our rights in respect of these policies, and, in the event that contamination or a defect occurs, any amounts that we recover may not be sufficient to offset any damage we may incur, which could adversely impact our business, results of operations and financial condition. -15- Table of Contents Negative publicity and public advocacy regarding perceived or potential health risks, as well as changes in related government regulation, may harm our business. In recent years, there has been public and political attention directed at the soft drinks and alcohol beverage industries as a result of an increasing emphasis on health and . Concerns about the perceived or potential health consequences of consuming alcohol beverages and increased activity from activist groups, public health organizations and other governmental and regulatory bodies advocating for measures designed to reduce the consumption of alcohol beverages and addressing the public regarding health and alcohol consumption may reduce demand for alcohol beverages generally, negatively impact investor perception of our industry or result in legal proceedings, which could adversely affect our share price or our profitability. See “—We are exposed to the risk of litigation, claims and disputes, which may cause us to pay significant damage awards and incur other costs.” The global policy framework shaping the regulatory space for our products has evolved, and will likely continue to evolve, and the expectations of our stakeholders will continue to increase. We remain committed to reduce the harmful use of alcohol and promoting moderation through our Smart Drinking initiatives. Nevertheless, we may be criticized and experience an increase in the number of publications and studies debating our efforts. We may also be subject to laws and regulations aimed at reducing the affordability or availability of beer in some of our markets. Additional regulatory restrictions on our business, such as those on the legal minimum drinking age, dietary guidelines, product labeling, opening hours or marketing activities (including the marketing or selling of beer at sporting events), negatively impact consumption trends and the perception of our products, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. We are exposed to the risk of litigation, claims and disputes, which may cause us to pay significant damage awards and incur other costs. We are now and may in the future be party to legal proceedings and claims and significant damages may be asserted against us. See “Item 8. Financial Information—A. Consolidated Financial Statements and Other Financial Information—Legal and Arbitration Proceedings” and “Item 5. Operating and Financial Review—G. Contractual Obligations and Contingencies—Contingencies” and note 29 to our audited consolidated financial statements as of 31 December 2024 and 2023, and for the three years ended 31 December 2024, for a description of certain material contingencies which we believe are reasonably possible (but not probable) to be realized. Given the inherent uncertainty of litigation, it is possible that we might incur liabilities as a consequence of the proceedings and claims brought against us, including those that are not currently believed by us to be reasonably possible. Moreover, companies in the alcohol beverage industry and soft drink industry – including us – are, from time to time, exposed to collective suits (class actions) or other litigation relating to alcohol advertising, alcohol abuse problems or health consequences. As an illustration, we and certain other beer and other alcohol beverage producers from Brazil, Canada, Europe and the United States have been involved in class actions and other litigation seeking damages for, among other things, alleged marketing of alcohol beverages to underage consumers. If any of these types of litigation were to result in fines, damages or reputational damage to us or our brands, this could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows or financial position. See “Item 8. Financial Information—A. Consolidated Financial Statements and Other Financial Information—Legal and Arbitration Proceedings.” We could incur significant costs as a result of compliance with, and/or violations of or liabilities under, various regulations that govern our operations. Our business is highly regulated in many of the countries in which we or our licensed third parties operate. The regulations adopted by the authorities in these countries govern many parts of our operations, including brewing, marketing and advertising (in particular to ensure our advertising is directed to individuals of legal -16- Table of Contents drinking age), consumer promotions and rebates, environmental protection, workplace safety, transportation, distributor relationships, retail execution, imports and exports, sales and data privacy. We may be subject to claims that we have not complied with existing laws and regulations, which could result in fines and penalties or loss of operating licenses, which may have a material adverse impact on our ability to operate our businesses in these markets. We are also routinely subject to new or modified laws and regulations with which we must comply in order to avoid claims, fines and other penalties, which could adversely impact our business, results of operations and financial condition. Factors such as increased economic and political pressures, including on global trade, may also contribute to increased investigation and enforcement efforts by regulatory authorities or an increase in new regulation. Breach of any of these laws or regulations can lead to significant fines and/or damage to our reputation, as well as significantly restrict our ability to deliver on our digital productivity and growth plans. We may also be subject to laws and regulations aimed at reducing the availability of beer and other alcohol beverage products in some of our markets. See “—Negative publicity and public advocacy regarding perceived or potential health risks, as well as changes in related government regulation, may harm our business.” There can be no assurance that we will not incur material costs or liabilities in connection with compliance with applicable regulatory requirements, or that such regulation will not interfere with our beer, other alcohol beverage and soft drinks businesses. For further detail regarding common regulations and restrictions on us, see “Item 4. Information on the Company—B. Business Overview—11. Regulations Affecting Our Business” and “Item 5. Operating and Financial Review—A. Key Factors Affecting Results of Operations—Governmental Regulations.” We may be subject to adverse changes in taxation and other risks. Taxation on our products in the countries in which we operate is comprised of different taxes specific to each jurisdiction, such as excise and other indirect taxes (such as tax (“ VAT ”)). In many jurisdictions, these taxes make up a large proportion of the cost of beer charged to consumers. Increases in excise and other indirect taxes applicable to our products either on an absolute basis or relative to the levels applicable to other beverages tend to adversely affect our revenue or margins. These increases also adversely affect the affordability of our products and our profitability, as they can result in significant price increases and have a significant impact on our sales of beer. In addition to excise taxes, additional charges may be levied in relation to tax stamps and other forms of fiscal marking. In recent years, costly and ineffective fiscal marking systems have been introduced in several markets. The cost of these marking schemes could adversely affect our businesses in the relevant countries (including their profitability). We are also subject to income and other taxes, and there can be no assurance that the operations of our breweries and other facilities will not become subject to increased taxation by local, national or foreign authorities or that we and our subsidiaries will not become subject to higher corporate income tax rates or to new or modified taxation regulations and requirements. For example, in response to the increasing globalization and digitalization of trade and business operations, the Organization for Economic and Development (“ OECD ”) has been working on international tax reform as an extension of its Base Erosion and Profit Shifting project. The reform initiative incorporates a approach: Pillar One, which is focused on the of some of the taxable profits of multinational enterprises to the markets where consumers are located; and Pillar Two, which is focused on establishing a global minimum corporate taxation rate of 15%. Pillar Two is effective as of 1 January 2024 in many countries, including Belgium as the location of our global headquarters. These rules have significantly increased compliance burdens and complexity and may cause increased audit controversy with competent tax authorities. We are continuing to evaluate the impact of these legislative changes as new guidance becomes available, but there is no guarantee that we will be successful in mitigating the impact of the increased compliance burden. -17- Table of Contents We are also subject to regular reviews, examinations and audits by tax authorities in the jurisdictions in which we operate. Factors such as increased economic and political pressures to increase tax revenues have contributed to an increase in audit activity, tax authorities taking increasingly opposing positions in their interpretation and enforcement of tax laws, more time and difficulty to resolve any audits or disputes and an increase in new tax legislation. Although we believe our tax estimates, methodologies and positions are reasonable and consistent with applicable law, significant judgment is required to evaluate applicable tax obligations and tax authorities may disagree with our judgments or may take opposing positions with respect to the judgments we make. For a discussion of any material outstanding tax cases, see “Item 8. Financial Information—A. Consolidated Financial Statements and Other Financial Information—Legal and Arbitration Proceedings— InBev SA/NV—Belgian Tax Matters” and “Item 8. Financial Information—A. Consolidated Financial Statements and Other Financial Information—Legal and Arbitration Proceedings—Ambev and Its Subsidiaries—Tax Matters.” A tax authority’s final determination in the event of a tax audit could materially differ from our tax provisions and accruals or may require us to modify our business practices to reduce our exposure to additional taxes going forward, any of which may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. We are exposed to antitrust and competition laws in certain jurisdictions and the risk of changes in such laws or in the interpretation and enforcement of existing antitrust and competition laws. In addition, in connection with our previous acquisitions, various regulatory authorities have previously imposed conditions with which we are required to comply. We are subject to antitrust and competition laws in the jurisdictions in which we operate. Consequently, we are and may be subject to regulatory scrutiny in certain of these jurisdictions, and have been, and may in the future be, involved in investigations initiated by the local authorities. For example, our Brazilian subsidiary, Ambev, is subject to regulatory scrutiny from antitrust authorities in Brazil, Argentina, Bolivia, Uruguay, Panama, the Dominican Republic and other countries where it operates, and has been, and may in the future be, involved in proceedings initiated by Brazilian antitrust authorities, clients, competitors and other third parties alleging violations of antitrust laws. The United States Department of Treasury has issued a report on the United States alcohol industry containing a variety of recommendations for regulatory or legislative action, some of which, if adopted, could have an adverse effect on our business in the United States. There can be no assurance that the introduction of new competition laws in the jurisdictions in which we operate, the interpretation and/or enforcement of existing antitrust or competition laws or competition laws related to digital platforms by competent authorities, civil antitrust litigation by private parties, or any agreements with competent antitrust or competition authorities, against us or our subsidiaries, including Ambev, will not affect our business or the businesses of our subsidiaries in the future or have a financial impact. For more information regarding antitrust investigations involving the Company, please see “Item 8. Financial Information—A. Consolidated Financial Statements and Other Financial Information—Legal and Arbitration Proceedings— InBev SA/NV—Antitrust Matters”. In addition, divestitures and other commitments made in order to obtain regulatory approvals for past or future acquisitions, or our failure to comply with such commitments, may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. These or any conditions, remedies or changes also reduce the price we are able to obtain for such disposals or imposing additional costs on or limiting our revenues, any of which might have a material adverse effect on us and our results of operations. If we do not successfully comply with applicable laws, export control regulations and trade restrictions, we could become subject to fines, penalties or other regulatory sanctions, as well as to adverse press coverage, which could adversely impact our reputation, our sales or our profitability. We operate our business and market our products in markets that, as a result of political, societal and economic instability, a lack of legal systems and potentially corrupt business environments, present us with political, economic and operational risks. Although we are committed to conducting business in a legal and ethical manner in compliance with local and international laws and regulations applicable to our business, there is a risk that management, employees or other representatives of our subsidiaries, affiliates, associates, joint ventures or other business interests may take actions that violate applicable laws and regulations, including applicable laws relating to the 1997 OECD Convention on Combating Bribery of Foreign Public Officials in -18- Table of Contents International Business Transactions, the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (the “ FCPA ”), the U.K. Bribery Act and Brazilian Federal Law No. 12,846/13 (an statute that took effect in January 2014). Such actions could expose us to potential liability and the costs associated with investigating potential misconduct. In addition, any press coverage associated with misconduct under these laws and regulations, even if unwarranted or baseless, could damage our reputation and sales. Additionally, in the ordinary course of business, we regularly contract and deal with business partners and consulting firms. Some of these third parties have been managed or controlled by former government officials. Because Brazilian authorities are conducting ongoing investigations that target certain firms and business partners that Ambev previously engaged, Ambev has been cited as clients of these firms and business partners in connection with such investigations. As a global brewer, we also operate our business and market our products in countries that may be subject to export control regulations, embargoes, economic sanctions and other forms of trade restrictions imposed by the United States, the European Union, the United Nations and other participants in the international community. In addition, certain of our associates also operate their business and market their products in countries subject to trade restrictions. For example, Anadolu Efes has an indirect interest in a Syrian soft drinks bottler. Furthermore, our subsidiary Ambev operates an indirect joint venture in Cuba with the Government of Cuba. See “—Our subsidiary Ambev operates a joint venture in Cuba, in which the Government of Cuba is its indirect joint venture partner. Cuba remains subject to comprehensive economic and trade sanctions by the United States and Ambev’s operation in Cuba may adversely affect our reputation and the liquidity and value of our securities.” The global reach of our operations also exposes us to risks associated with changes in tariffs or other trade measures. For more information regarding the risks to our business and operations posed by such measures, see “—We are exposed to risks associated with global, regional and local economic weakness and uncertainty (including those resulting from an economic downturn, recession, inflationary pressures and/or geopolitical instability), which could adversely affect our business and operations, the demand for our products and the market price of our Ordinary Shares and ADSs.” and “—Fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates may lead to volatility in our results of operations.” In connection with the ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine, the U.S. government, the European Commission and the authorities of certain other jurisdictions in which we operate, have imposed sanctions and other restrictive measures against Russia. See “—Our business, financial performance and results of operations have been, and may continue to be, adversely affected by military conflicts and their related consequences” for more information regarding sanctions imposed against Russia and Russia’s response thereto. New or expanded export control regulations, economic sanctions, embargoes or other forms of trade restrictions imposed on Russia, Syria, Cuba, Iran or other countries in which we or our associates do business may curtail our existing business and may result in serious economic challenges in these geographies, which could have an adverse effect on our associates’ operations, and may result in impairment charges on goodwill, other intangible assets or investments in associates. Our subsidiary Ambev operates a joint venture in Cuba, in which the Government of Cuba is its indirect joint venture partner. Cuba remains subject to comprehensive economic and trade sanctions by the United States and Ambev’s operations in Cuba may adversely affect our reputation and the liquidity and value of our securities. Cerbuco Brewing Inc., (“ Cerbuco ”), a subsidiary of our subsidiary Ambev, owns a 50% equity interest in Cervecería Bucanero S.A., a Cuban company in the business of producing and selling beer. Consequently, we indirectly own, through our subsidiary Ambev, a 50% equity interest in Cervecería Bucanero S.A. The remaining 50% equity interest is owned indirectly by the Government of Cuba through Corporación Alimentaria, S. A.. Cervecería Bucanero S.A. is operated as a joint venture in which Cerbuco appoints the general manager. In 2021, Cerbuco initiated arbitration proceedings regarding potential breach of certain obligations relating to the joint venture. For more information regarding the arbitration proceedings, please see “Item 8. Financial Information—A. Consolidated Financial Statements and Other Financial Information—Legal and Arbitration Proceedings—Ambev and its Subsidiaries—Cerbuco Brewing Arbitration”. Cervecería Bucanero S.A.’s main beer brands are Bucanero, Cristal and Mayabe. In 2024, Cervecería Bucanero S.A. sold 1.21 million hectoliters of beer, representing about 0.2% of our global volume of 576 million hectoliters for the year. Although Cervecería Bucanero S.A.’s production is primarily sold in Cuba, a small portion of its production is exported to and sold by certain distributors in other countries outside Cuba (but not in the United States). -19- Table of Contents Based on U.S. foreign policy, the U.S. Treasury Department’s Office of Foreign Assets Control and the U.S. Commerce Department together administer and enforce broad and comprehensive economic and trade sanctions against Cuba. Although our operations in Cuba through our subsidiary Ambev are quantitatively immaterial, our overall business reputation may be harmed or we may face additional regulatory scrutiny as a result of our activities in Cuba based on the identification of Cuba as a target of U.S. economic and trade sanctions. In addition, Title III of the Cuban Liberty and Democratic Solidarity (LIBERTAD) Act of 1996 (known as the “ Act ”) authorizes private lawsuits for damages against anyone who traffics in property confiscated without compensation by the Government of Cuba from persons who at the time were, or have since become, nationals of the United States. Separately, Title IV of the Act authorizes the U.S. Department of State to prohibit entry into the United States of .S. persons who traffic in confiscated property, and corporate officers and principals of such persons, and their families. 6. Brand and Intellectual Property Risks We rely on the image and reputation of our brands and our marketing efforts may be restricted by regulations. Our success depends on our ability to maintain and enhance the image and reputation of our existing products and to develop a favorable image and reputation for new products; for more information see “—Damage to our reputation or the image and reputation of our brands can adversely affect our business.” The image and reputation of our products may be affected in the future and concerns about product quality, even when unfounded, could tarnish the image and reputation of our products. An event, or series of events, that materially damages the reputation of one or more of our brands could have an adverse effect on the value of that brand and subsequent revenues from that brand or business. Restoring the image and reputation of our products may be costly and may not be possible. Moreover, our marketing efforts may be constrained by restrictions on the permissible advertising style, media channels and messages used, or on the products that may be advertised. In a number of countries, for example, television is a prohibited medium for advertising beer and other alcohol beverage products, and in other countries, the marketing or selling of beer at sporting events may be restricted. Even when advertising is permitted, it may be regulated by advertising codes and applicable laws. Any additional restrictions may constrain our marketing activities and thus reduce the value of our brands and related revenues. Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. We may not be able to protect our intellectual property rights, and our ability to compete effectively may be harmed if our intellectual property rights are infringed by third parties. Our future success depends significantly on our ability to protect our current and future brands and products and to defend our intellectual property rights, including trademarks, patents, domain names, trade secrets and . We have been granted numerous trademark registrations and patents covering our brands and products and have filed, and expect to continue to file, trademark and patent applications seeking to protect newly developed brands and products. We cannot be sure that trademark registrations and patents will be issued with respect to any of our applications. There is also a risk that we could, by omission, fail to renew a trademark or patent on a timely basis or that our competitors will challenge, invalidate or circumvent any existing or future trademarks and patents issued to, or licensed by, us. -20- Table of Contents Although we have endeavored to take appropriate action to protect our portfolio of intellectual property rights (including patent applications, trademark registrations, trade secrets, domain names and ongoing enforcement actions), we cannot be certain that the steps we have taken will be sufficient, that third parties will not infringe upon or misappropriate our proprietary rights, or that governments will protect or enforce our rights. Moreover, some of the countries in which we operate offer less effective intellectual property protection than is available in Europe or the United States. If we are unable to protect our proprietary rights against infringement or misappropriation, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows or financial condition and, in particular, on our ability to develop our business. An impairment of goodwill or other intangible assets could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. Our accounting policy considers brands and distribution rights for our own products as intangible assets with indefinite useful lives, which are tested for impairment on an annual basis (or more often if an event or circumstance indicates that an impairment loss may have been incurred) and not amortized. As of 31 December 2024, our total goodwill amounted to USD 110.5 billion and our intangible assets with indefinite useful lives amounted to USD 36.9 billion. However, if our businesses do not develop as expected, we may be required to record future goodwill impairment charges which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial conditions. 7. Other risks related to our business Climate change or other environmental concerns, or legal, regulatory or market measures to address climate change or other environmental concerns, may negatively affect our business or operations, including the availability of key production or supply chain inputs. Climate change resulting from increased concentrations of carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases in the atmosphere could have an adverse impact on global temperatures, weather and precipitation patterns and the frequency and severity of extreme weather and natural disasters. In the event that such climate change has a negative effect on agricultural productivity, we may be subject to decreased availability or less favorable pricing for certain agricultural commodities necessary for our products, such as barley, hops and rice. In addition, social attitudes, customer preferences and investor sentiment regarding environmental and energy policies are increasingly polarized, and as a result we may face pressure from our shareholders, regulators, suppliers, customers or consumers to change how we address environmental concerns which may require us to incur increased costs and expose us to regulatory inquiry or legal action, including actions related to any environmental claim or disclosure. Changes in precipitation patterns and the frequency of extreme weather events may affect our water supply and physical operations, and the supply of necessary agricultural crops. In the event that climate change leads to droughts or water or has a negative effect on water availability or quality, the price of water may increase in certain areas and certain jurisdictions may adopt regulations restricting the use of water or enact other unfavorable changes to applicable taxes and regulations. Such measures, if adopted, could lead to increased regulatory pressures, production costs or capacity constraints. In addition, governmental authorities in various countries have proposed, and are likely to continue to propose, legislative and regulatory initiatives to reduce or mitigate the impacts of climate change on the environment. Public expectations for reductions in greenhouse gas emissions or adoption of legal and regulatory requirements designed to address climate change could result in increased energy, transportation and raw material costs and may require us to make additional investments in facilities and equipment. We announced our 2025 Sustainability Goals focused on smart agriculture, water stewardship, circular packaging and climate action and an ambition to achieve net zero emissions across our value chain by 2040, which require ongoing investment, and there is no assurance that we will achieve any of these goals or ambition or that our initiatives will achieve their intended outcomes. If we fail to achieve these goals or ambition for any reason, there is a risk of reputational damage. As a result of the foregoing factors, the effects of climate change could have a , material adverse impact on our business and results of operations. Our sustainability reporting is subject to the European Union Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive (CSRD) and considers key indicators and guidance from frameworks such as the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Standards, the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB), the United Nations (UN) -21- Table of Contents Guiding Principles reporting framework, the Task Force on Financial Disclosure (TCFD) and the relevant United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs). We are required to report greenhouse gas emissions, energy data and other related information to a variety of entities, and to comply with the wider obligations of the European Union Emissions Trading Scheme. In addition, regulators in various jurisdictions, including Europe and the U.S., have recently focused efforts on increased disclosures and due diligence obligations related to sustainability matters, including mitigation of climate change and human rights concerns, and these regulations (if adopted) could expand the nature, scope and complexity of matters that we are required to control, assess and report and we may be required to make additional investments and implement new practices and reporting processes, all entailing additional compliance risk. Disparate and evolving standards for considering, identifying, measuring, and reporting sustainability metrics, including sustainability-related disclosures that may be required by the SEC, European and other regulators, could significantly increase compliance burdens and associated regulatory and reporting costs and complexity. If we are unable to measure, track and disclose information accurately and in a timely manner, we could be subject to civil penalties for in the various jurisdictions in which we operate. In addition, the need for us to comply with the European Union Emissions Trading Scheme could result in increased operational costs if we are unable to meet our compliance obligations and exceed our emission allocations. Our operations are subject to environmental regulations by national, state and local agencies, including, in certain cases, regulations that impose liability without regard to fault. These regulations can result in liability that might adversely affect our operations. The environmental regulatory climate in the markets in which we operate is becoming stricter, with a greater emphasis on enforcement. While we have continuously invested in reducing our environmental risks and budgeted for future capital and operating expenditures to maintain compliance with environmental laws and regulations, there can be no assurance that we will not incur a substantial environmental liability or that applicable environmental laws and regulations will not change or become more stringent in the future. We are exposed to risks arising from labor practices, labor strikes and disputes that could lead to a negative impact on our costs and production level. The global nature of our operations also subjects us to risks arising from labor practices, work conditions and employee health and safety. Negative publicity and campaigns, actions or statement

[truncated]