.1 2 d64742dex991.htm .1 .1 Exhibit 99.1 Press Release AB InBev Announces Exercise of Right to Reacquire Minority Stake in its Metal Container Plants 6 January 2026 – InBev SA/NV (“ AB InBev ”) (Euronext: ABI) (NYSE: BUD) (MEXBOL: ANB) (JSE: ANH) today announced that it has exercised its right to reacquire the 49.9% minority stake in AB InBev’s metal container plants from a consortium of institutional investors led and/or advised by affiliates of Apollo Global Management, Inc. (collectively “Apollo”) (NYSE: APO), for a price estimated to be approximately 3 billion USD. Our metal container plant operations include seven facilities across six states and are a strategic component of our business, ensuring quality, cost efficiency, speed of innovation and supply security for our brands, while providing manufacturing jobs and driving economic growth in communities across the U.S. AB InBev’s exercise of the repurchase option will be funded with and is consistent with our capital allocation framework that focuses on maximizing shareholder value. The transaction is expected to be EPS accretive in year 1 and, subject to customary closing conditions, is anticipated to close in the first quarter of 2026. 1 The enclosed information constitutes inside information as defined in Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 April 2014 on market abuse, and regulated information as defined in the Belgian Royal Decree of 14 November 2007 regarding the duties of issuers of financial instruments which have been admitted for trading on a regulated market. AB InBev Contacts Investors Media Shaun Fullalove Media Relations E-mail: shaun.fullalove@ .com E-mail: media.relations@ .com Ekaterina Baillie E-mail: ekaterina.baillie@ .com Patrick Ryan E-mail: patrick.ryan@ .com About AB InBev InBev (AB InBev) is a publicly traded company (Euronext: ABI) based in Leuven, Belgium, with secondary listings on the Mexico (MEXBOL: ANB) and South Africa (JSE: ANH) stock exchanges and with American Depositary Receipts on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE: BUD). As a company, we dream big to create a future with more cheers. We are always looking to serve up new ways to meet life’s moments, move our industry forward and make a meaningful impact in the world. We are committed to building great brands that stand the test of time and to brewing the best beers using the finest ingredients. Our diverse portfolio of well over 500 beer brands includes global brands Budweiser ® , Corona ® , Stella Artois ® and Michelob Ultra ® ; brands Beck’s ® , Hoegaarden ® and Leffe ® ; and local champions such as Aguila ® , Antarctica ® , Bud Light ® , Brahma ® , Cass ® , Castle ® , Castle Lite ® , Cristal ® , Harbin ® , Jupiler ® , Modelo Especial ® , Quilmes ® , Victoria ® , Sedrin ® , and Skol ® . Our brewing heritage dates back more than 600 years, spanning continents and generations. From our European roots at the Den Hoorn brewery in Leuven, Belgium. To the pioneering spirit of the Anheuser & Co brewery in St. Louis, US. To the creation of the Castle Brewery in South Africa during the Johannesburg gold rush. To Bohemia, the first brewery in Brazil. Geographically diversified with a balanced exposure to developed and developing markets, we leverage the collective strengths of approximately 144 000 colleagues based in nearly 50 countries worldwide. For 2024, AB InBev’s reported revenue was 59.8 billion USD (excluding JVs and associates). Legal disclaimer This release contains “ statements”. These statements are based on the current expectations and views of future events and developments of the management of AB InBev and are naturally subject to uncertainty and changes in circumstances. The statements contained in this release include statements other than historical facts and include statements typically containing words such as “will”, “may”, “should”, “believe”, “intends”, “expects”, “anticipates”, “targets”, “ambition”, “estimates”, “likely”, “foresees” and words of similar import. All statements other than statements of historical facts are statements. You should not place undue reliance on these statements, which reflect the current views of the management of AB InBev, are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties about AB InBev and are dependent on many factors, some of which are outside of AB InBev’s control. There are important factors, risks and uncertainties that could cause actual outcomes and results to be materially different, including, but not limited to the risks and uncertainties relating to AB InBev that are described under Item 3.D of AB InBev’s Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC on 12 March 2025. Many of these risks and uncertainties are, and will be, exacerbated by any further worsening of the global business and economic environment, including as a result of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations and ongoing geopolitical conflicts. Other unknown or unpredictable factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the statements. The statements should be read in conjunction with the other cautionary statements that are included elsewhere, including AB InBev’s most recent Form 20-F and other reports furnished on Form 6-K, and any other documents that AB InBev has made public. Any statements made in this communication are qualified in their entirety by these cautionary statements and there can be no assurance that the actual results or developments anticipated by AB InBev will be realized or, even if substantially realized, that they will have the expected consequences to, or effects on, AB InBev or its business or operations. Except as required by law, AB InBev undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.