.1 2 d837814dex991.htm .1 .1 Exhibit 99.1 Brussels - 23 October 2024 - 08 :30 CET AB InBev’s interest in AB InBev Efes BV 23 October 2024 – As previously announced, AB InBev (ABI) and Anadolu Efes have been in discussions regarding ABI’s interest in AB InBev Efes BV, and in December 2023, they announced that Anadolu Efes had agreed to acquire the entirety of that interest. That transaction was subject to required governmental and other regulatory approvals which were not obtained. ABI and Anadolu Efes have now agreed that Anadolu Efes will acquire ABI’s interest in the Russian business and ABI will acquire the interest of Anadolu Efes in the Ukraine business. The transaction, including the purchase price and other terms, is subject to required governmental and other regulatory approvals. There can be no assurances on when and whether these approvals will be obtained. About InBev (AB InBev) InBev (AB InBev) is a publicly traded company (Euronext: ABI) based in Leuven, Belgium, with secondary listings on the Mexico (MEXBOL: ANB) and South Africa (JSE: ANH) stock exchanges and with American Depositary Receipts on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE: BUD). As a company, we dream big to create a future with more cheers. We are always looking to serve up new ways to meet life’s moments, move our industry forward and make a meaningful impact in the world. We are committed to building great brands that stand the test of time and to brewing the best beers using the finest ingredients. Our diverse portfolio of well over 500 beer brands includes global brands Budweiser ® , Corona ® , Stella Artois ® and Michelob Ultra ® ; brands Beck’s ® , Hoegaarden ® and Leffe ® ; and local champions such as Aguila ® , Antarctica ® , Bud Light ® , Brahma ® , Cass ® , Castle ® , Castle Lite ® , Cristal ® , Harbin ® , Jupiler ® , Modelo Especial ® , Quilmes ® , Victoria ® , Sedrin ® , and Skol ® . Our brewing heritage dates back more than 600 years, spanning continents and generations. From our European roots at the Den Hoorn brewery in Leuven, Belgium. To the pioneering spirit of the Anheuser & Co brewery in St. Louis, US. To the creation of the Castle Brewery in South Africa during the Johannesburg gold rush. To Bohemia, the first brewery in Brazil. Geographically diversified with a balanced exposure to developed and developing markets, we leverage the collective strengths of approximately 155,000 colleagues based in nearly 50 countries worldwide. For 2023, AB InBev’s reported revenue was 59.4 billion USD (excluding JVs and associates) Statements This release contains “ statements”. These statements are based on the current expectations and views of future events and developments of the management of AB InBev and are naturally subject to uncertainty and changes in circumstances. The statements contained in this release include statements other than historical facts and include statements typically containing words such as “will”, “may”, “should”, “believe”, “intends”, “expects”, “anticipates”, “targets”, “estimates”, “likely”, “foresees” and words of similar import, including statements relating to the agreements concluded between Anadolu Efes and AB InBev. All statements other than statements of historical facts are statements. You should not place undue reliance on these statements, which reflect the current views of the management of AB InBev, are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties about AB InBev and are dependent on many factors, some of which are outside of AB InBev’s control. There are important factors, risks and uncertainties that could cause actual outcomes and results to be materially different, including, but not limited to the risks and uncertainties described under Item 3.D of AB InBev’s Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC on 11 March 2024 and the ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine. Many of these risks and uncertainties are, and will be, exacerbated by any further worsening of geopolitical tensions and conflicts. Other unknown or unpredictable factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the statements. The statements should be read in conjunction with the other cautionary statements that are included elsewhere, including AB InBev’s most recent Form 20-F and other reports furnished on Form 6-K, and any other documents that AB InBev has made public. Any statements made in this communication are qualified in their entirety by these cautionary statements and there can be no assurance that the actual results or developments anticipated by AB InBev will be realized or, even if substantially realized, that they will have the expected consequences to, or effects on, AB InBev or its business or operations. Except as required by law, AB InBev undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. .com Press Release - 23 October 2024 - 1 InBev Contacts Investors Media Shaun Fullalove Media Relations E-mail: shaun.fullalove@ .com E-mail: Media.Relations@ .com Ekaterina Baillie E-mail: ekaterina.baillie@ .com Cyrus Nentin E-mail: cyrus.nentin@ .com .com Press Release - 23 October 2024 - 2