Vesting of awards under the LTIP Alfa Financial Software Hldgs PLC 15 April 2025 15 April 2025 Alfa Financial Software Holdings PLC Vesting of awards under the Long Term Incentive Plan Alfa Financial Software Holdings PLC (the "Company") announces that the awards granted under the Company's 2017 Long Term Incentive Plan ("LTIP") on 12 April 2022 vested at 87% of the maximum on 14 April 2025. The number of shares vested was as disclosed in the 2024 Annual Report and Accounts, Directors' Remuneration Report. Shares were net settled to cover tax liabilities on the vesting of the awards, with the remainder retained by the recipients. With the approval of the Remuneration Committee, Duncan Magrath and Matthew White have informed the Company that they will transfer 115,064 and 61,332 shares respectively to their spouses for nil consideration. The information contained in this notification is disclosed in accordance with the requirements of the UK Market Abuse Regulation. 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / person closely associated a) Name Duncan Magrath 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/status Chief Financial Officer b) Initial notification /Amendment Initial Notification 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name Alfa Financial Software Holdings PLC b) LEI 213800C5UOZHUTNUGA28 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Alfa Financial Software Holdings PLC ordinary shares of £0.001 each Identification code GB00BDHXPG30 b) Nature of the transaction Vesting of the LTIP award granted on 12 April 2022 under the 2017 Alfa Financial Software Holdings PLC LTIP and sale of sufficient shares to satisfy tax liabilities. c) Price(s) and volume(s) No. of shares vested No. of shares sold for tax No. of shares retained 217,631 102,287 115,064 d) Aggregated information - Aggregated volume 102,287 - Price 204.3 e) Date of the transaction 14 April 2025 f) Place of the transaction XLON 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / person closely associated a) Name Duncan Magrath 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/status Chief Financial Officer b) Initial notification /Amendment Initial Notification 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name Alfa Financial Software Holdings PLC b) LEI 213800C5UOZHUTNUGA28 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Alfa Financial Software Holdings PLC Ordinary share of £0.001 each Identification code GB00BDHXPG30 b) Nature of the transaction Transfer of 115,064 shares held by Duncan Magrath to his spouse Nicola Magrath for nil consideration c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) nil 115,064 d) Aggregated information - Aggregated volume As above - Price e) Date of the transaction 15 April 2025 f) Place of the transaction Outside of a trading venue 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / person closely associated a) Name Nicola Magrath 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/status PCA of Duncan Magrath b) Initial notification /Amendment Initial Notification 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name Alfa Financial Software Holdings PLC b) LEI 213800C5UOZHUTNUGA28 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Alfa Financial Software Holdings PLC Ordinary share of £0.001 each Identification code GB00BDHXPG30 b) Nature of the transaction Receipt of 115,064 shares transferred from Duncan Magrath for nil consideration c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) nil 115,064 d) Aggregated information - Aggregated volume As above - Price e) Date of the transaction 15 April 2025 f) Place of the transaction Outside of a trading venue 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / person closely associated a) Name Matthew White 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/status Chief Operating Officer b) Initial notification /Amendment Initial Notification 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name Alfa Financial Software Holdings PLC b) LEI 213800C5UOZHUTNUGA28 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Alfa Financial Software Holdings PLC ordinary shares of £0.001 each Identification code GB00BDHXPG30 b) Nature of the transaction Vesting of the LTIP award granted on 12 April 2022 under the 2017 Alfa Financial Software Holdings PLC LTIP and sale of sufficient shares to satisfy tax liabilities. c) Price(s) and volume(s) No. of shares vested No. of shares sold for tax No. of shares retained 116,070 54,738 61,332 d) Aggregated information - Aggregated volume 54,738 - Price 204.3 e) Date of the transaction 14 April 2025 f) Place of the transaction XLON 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / person closely associated a) Name Matthew White 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/status Chief Operating Officer b) Initial notification /Amendment Initial Notification 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name Alfa Financial Software Holdings PLC b) LEI 213800C5UOZHUTNUGA28 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Alfa Financial Software Holdings PLC Ordinary share of £0.001 each Identification code GB00BDHXPG30 b) Nature of the transaction Transfer of 61,332 shares held by Matthew White to his spouse Polly White for nil consideration c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) nil 61,332 d) Aggregated information - Aggregated volume As above - Price e) Date of the transaction 15 April 2025 f) Place of the transaction Outside of a trading venue 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / person closely associated a) Name Polly White 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/status PCA of Matthew White b) Initial notification /Amendment Initial Notification 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name Alfa Financial Software Holdings PLC b) LEI 213800C5UOZHUTNUGA28 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Alfa Financial Software Holdings PLC Ordinary share of £0.001 each Identification code GB00BDHXPG30 b) Nature of the transaction Receipt of 61,332 shares transferred from Matthew White for nil consideration c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) nil 61,332 d) Aggregated information - Aggregated volume As above - Price e) Date of the transaction 15 April 2025 f) Place of the transaction Outside of a trading venue For further information: Alfa Financial Software Holdings PLC Charlotte Caulfield Company Secretary +44 (0)20 7588 1800 LEI Number: 213800C5UOZHUTNUGA28 Notes to Editors Alfa has been delivering software systems and services to the global asset and automotive finance industry since 1990. Our agile methodologies and specialised knowledge of asset and automotive finance enables the delivery of large software implementations and highly complex business change projects. With an excellent delivery track record now into its fourth decade, Alfa's experience and performance is unrivalled in the industry. Alfa Systems, our class-leading technology platform, is at the heart of some of the world's largest asset and automotive finance companies. Alfa Systems supports both retail and corporate business for auto, equipment, wholesale and dealer finance on a multijurisdictional basis, including leases/loans, originations and servicing. A cloud-native, end-to-end solution with integrated workflow and automated processing using business rules, Alfa Systems provides compelling solutions to asset finance companies. Alfa Systems is currently live in 37 countries. Alfa has offices in Europe, Australasia and North America. For more information, visit www.alfasystems.com . This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Alfa Financial Software Holdings (ALFA) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 36 minutes ago Canal+ SA 50 minutes ago PayPoint 2 hours ago Premier Miton Group 3 hours ago Braemar 3 hours ago Hill and Smith All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and