BETA Close X Alfa Financial Software Holdings PLC reported a strong third quarter with revenue up 12% to £31.7 million, driven by 16% growth in subscription revenues and 26% in delivery revenues, while software engineering revenues decreased 30% as expected due to a strategic shift to investment. The company's total contract value (TCV) reached a record £222 million, and due to tight cost control and underspend on travel and IT, full-year profit expectations have been raised by approximately £2 million, with full-year costs now estimated to be £2 million lower than previously forecast. Disclaimer* Alfa Financial Software Hldgs PLC 13 November 2025 13 November 2025 Alfa Financial Software Holdings PLC Q3 25 Trading update Strong trading performance, full year profit expectations raised Alfa Financial Software Holdings PLC ("Alfa" or the "Company"), a leading developer of mission-critical software for the asset finance industry provides a scheduled update on trading for the third quarter ended 30 September 2025 ("Q3"). Strong trading Revenue of £31.7m for Q3 was up 12% on the third quarter of last year, or 14% at constant currency. This was in line with our expectations. Q3 financial highlights: · Subscription revenues: continued strong growth, up 16% on Q3 2024 · Delivery revenues: up 26% versus Q3 2024, with our delivery teams busy across all three regions · Software Engineering revenues: as expected, revenues were down 30% versus a strong Q3 last year. This was due to moving our focus to investment having completed the required customer development to achieve delivery milestones · TCV ended the quarter at a record of £222m, up from £211m at 30 June 2025 and versus £205m at the end of Q3 last year Our focus on tight cost control resulted in lower costs in the period than expected owing to a carefully managed expansion in headcount along with some underspend on travel, conferences and IT costs. Robust pipeline & TCV Our late-stage pipeline remains strong with a net increase in the number of prospects from seven to eight. We are the preferred supplier for seven of these and have commenced paid work under letters of engagement with five. Since announcing our half year results we have converted an Equipment OEM in Australia & New Zealand into a win. We have also added two new prospects, an Auto OEM covering a multi-country South American project and a UK high street bank. Overall TCV showed a pleasing increase in Q3. Delivery TCV benefited from expanded work with existing customers and the conversion from the late-stage pipeline of the Equipment OEM noted above. Subscription TCV increased due to a two-year extension to a contract along with continued underlying growth in Subscription revenues. Software TCV was lower in the period reflecting the shift in our focus to investment having completed the required customer development to achieve delivery milestones. We are pleased with the overall strength of the pipeline from early stage through to late stage and in all geographies. Focused operational execution In Q3 we completed 10 deliveries, including an Alfa Systems 6 go-live for an existing OEM customer in the Nordics, upgrading from v4. Immediately after the quarter end we also delivered a go-live in New Zealand, further demonstrating our success in working with customers across multiple territories. Conversions to Alfa Systems 6 have continued both effectively and at pace. We now have 14 customers on Alfa Systems 6. Progress on expanding markets We have made good progress in developing our Originations and Fleet capabilities, which expands our Serviceable Addressable Market and also with Commercial Finance which expands our Total Addressable Market. We now have demonstrable software solutions for all three end-markets and we are further encouraged by feedback received during the industry conferences we have attended over the last two months. Outlook We have increased our operating margin and profit expectations for the full year by c.£2m. Our revenue expectations for the year to December 2025 remain unchanged. Our cost discipline driving the underspend on costs in Q3 is expected to continue through Q4. We now expect costs for the full year to be c.£2m less than previously estimated, thereby increasing our operating margin and profit expectations for the full year accordingly. Andrew Denton, Chief Executive Officer "We are very pleased with our third quarter performance and I am delighted that we are able to increase our expectations for the full year. Alongside delivering this strong financial performance we have also continued to invest in our product and our people to enhance our leading position in the market. We remain confident in the strength of our pipeline and the future prospects for the business." Enquiries Alfa Financial Software Holdings PLC Andrew Denton, Chief Executive Officer Duncan Magrath, Chief Financial Officer Andrew Page, Executive Chairman +44 (0)20 7588 1800 Barclays Robert Mayhew Anusuya Gupta +44 (0)20 7623 2323 Investec Patrick Robb Virginia Bull +44 (0)20 7597 4000 Panmure Liberum Ltd Rupert Dearden James Sinclair-Ford +44 (0)20 3100 2000 Teneo James Macey White +44 (0)20 7353 4200 Notes to Editors Alfa has been delivering leading-edge technology to the global asset finance and leasing industry since 1990. Our specialised expertise enables us to deliver the most challenging systems transformation projects successfully. Alfa Systems, our class-leading SaaS platform, is at the heart of the world's largest and most progressive asset finance operations. Supporting all types of automotive, equipment and wholesale finance, Alfa Systems is proven at volume and across borders, and trusted by leading brands to manage complex portfolios, drive efficiency and sustainability, and enhance the customer experience. With full functionality for originations, servicing and collections, Alfa Systems is live in 37 countries, representing an integrated point solution, a rapid off-the-shelf implementation, or an end-to-end platform for the complex global enterprise. Alfa maintains exceptional customer satisfaction through an impeccable track record, with our experience and performance unrivalled in the industry. Our customers stick with us for the long term, because we deliver value that lasts for decades. Alfa has offices in Europe, Australasia and North America. For more information, visit us at www.alfasystems.com . This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Alfa Financial Software Holdings (ALFA) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 45 minutes ago Taseko Mines Limited NPV (DI) 45 minutes ago Taseko Mines Limited NPV (DI) 45 minutes ago Xeros Technology Group 45 minutes ago Plus500 Ltd (DI) 45 minutes ago Capital for Colleagues plc All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and