BETA Close X Alfa Financial Software Holdings PLC announced that Andrew Dickson, Chief Financial Officer Designate, was granted 122,007 conditional shares under the 2017 Long Term Incentive Plan on 31 July 2026. These shares will vest on 31 July 2029 and are subject to a two-year holding period thereafter. The performance conditions for this award were previously outlined in the 2025 Annual Report. Disclaimer* Alfa Financial Software Hldgs PLC 03 August 2026 3 August 2026 Alfa Financial Software Holdings PLC Award under the Long Term Incentive Plan Alfa Financial Software Holdings PLC (the "Company") announces that under the Company's 2017 Long Term Incentive Plan ("LTIP"), the following award (the "2026 Award") was granted on 31 July 2026. Name Position Number of shares subject to award Andrew Dickson Chief Financial Officer Designate 122,007 The vesting date for the 2026 Award is 31 July 2029, being the third anniversary of the award date and will be subject to a two-year holding period post vesting. The 2026 Award is in the form of a conditional share award. The performance conditions for the 2026 Award were published in the Directors' Remuneration Report within the 2025 Annual Report; full details will be published in the 2026 Annual Report. The information contained in this notification is disclosed in accordance with the requirements of the UK Market Abuse Regulation. 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / person closely associated a) Name Andrew Dickson 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/status Chief Financial Officer Designate b) Initial notification /Amendment Initial Notification 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name Alfa Financial Software Holdings plc b) LEI 213800C5UOZHUTNUGA28 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Alfa Financial Software Holdings plc Ordinary share of £0.001 each Identification code GB00BDHXPG30 b) Nature of the transaction Grant of a conditional share award under the 2017 Alfa Financial Software Holdings PLC LTIP c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) nil 122,007 d) Aggregated information - Aggregated volume As above - Price e) Date of the transaction 31 July 2026 f) Place of the transaction Outside of a trading venue For further information: Alfa Financial Software Holdings PLC Charlotte Caulfield Company Secretary +44 (0)20 7588 1800 LEI Number: 213800C5UOZHUTNUGA28 Notes to Editors Alfa has been delivering leading-edge technology to the global asset finance and leasing industry since 1990. Our specialised expertise enables us to deliver the most challenging systems transformation projects successfully. Alfa Systems , our class-leading SaaS platform, is at the heart of the world's largest and most progressive asset finance operations. Supporting all types of automotive, equipment, wholesale and commercial finance, Alfa Systems is proven at volume and across borders, and trusted by leading brands to manage complex portfolios, drive efficiency and sustainability, and enhance the customer experience. With full functionality for originations, servicing and collections, Alfa Systems is live in 37 countries, representing an integrated point solution, a rapid off-the-shelf implementation, or an end-to-end platform for the complex global enterprise. Alfa maintains exceptional customer satisfaction through an impeccable track record, with our experience and performance unrivalled in the industry. Our customers stick with us for the long term, because we deliver value that lasts for decades. Alfa has offices all over Europe, Australasia and the Americas. For more information, visit us at alfasystems.com or on LinkedIn . This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Alfa Financial Software Holdings (ALFA) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 37 minutes ago Canal+ SA 51 minutes ago PayPoint 2 hours ago Premier Miton Group 3 hours ago Braemar 3 hours ago Hill and Smith All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and