H1 Trading update Alfa Financial Software Hldgs PLC 30 July 2025 30 July 2025 Alfa Financial Software Holdings PLC H1 Trading update Strong trading performance, on track to meet full year expectations Alfa Financial Software Holdings PLC ("Alfa" or the "Company"), a leading developer of mission-critical software for the asset finance industry provides a scheduled update on trading for the half year ended 30 June 2025. The half-year results are expected to be announced on Thursday 4 September 2025. Strong trading Revenue of £31.4m for Q2 was up 18% on the second quarter of last year, or 22% at constant currency. This was in line with our expectations. Key H1 financial highlights: ● H1 revenue of £62.5m up 20% on last year at actual rates or 22% at constant currency rates o Subscription revenues in H1 of £21.2m were 17% up on last year o Software Engineering revenues of £10.3m were up 72% versus H1 last year following a shift back towards client-led enhancement work following last year's Alfa Systems 6 investment o Delivery revenues of £31.0m grew 10% versus H1 last year. ● TCV at 30 June 2025 was £211m versus £193m at H1 last year. Focused operational execution We continue to see strong interest in Alfa Systems 6 and the additional modules which are available as part of the product suite. In H1 we have maintained the pace of investment in partnership with clients to allow us to maintain our lead over the market by further developing the product suite, particularly in Originations, Fleet and Commercial Loans. We have nine customers live on Alfa Systems 6 already, which demonstrates both ease of upgrade as well as demand for the new modules and capabilities available as part of the new version . Robust pipeline Following a record number of wins in 2024 our late-stage pipeline remains strong with seven prospects. We are the preferred supplier with six of these and have started working under letters of engagement with all of them. One customer prospect has deferred their project and moved out of the late-stage pipeline as a result of their current supplier extending support for their legacy system. We remain confident in the overall strength of the pipeline from early stage through to late stage. Andrew Denton, Chief Executive Officer "We are very pleased to have met our expectations for a very strong financial performance in the first half of 2025 with strong growth across all revenue streams. We have made further investment into the product and our people to enhance our leading position in the market. Our delivery teams have continued to execute successfully and we remain confident in the strength of our pipeline. We are well positioned to achieve our expectations for the year." Enquiries Alfa Financial Software Holdings PLC Andrew Denton, Chief Executive Officer Duncan Magrath, Chief Financial Officer Andrew Page, Executive Chairman +44 (0)20 7588 1800 Barclays Robert Mayhew Anusuya Gupta +44 (0)20 7623 2323 Investec Patrick Robb Virginia Bull +44 (0)20 7597 4000 Panmure Liberum Ltd Rupert Dearden James Sinclair-Ford +44 (0)20 3100 2000 Teneo James Macey White Victoria Boxall +44 (0)20 7353 4200 Notes to Editors Alfa has been delivering leading-edge technology to the global asset finance and leasing industry since 1990. Our specialised expertise enables us to deliver the most challenging systems transformation projects successfully. Alfa Systems, our class-leading SaaS platform, is at the heart of the world's largest and most progressive asset finance operations. Supporting all types of automotive, equipment and wholesale finance, Alfa Systems is proven at volume and across borders, and trusted by leading brands to manage complex portfolios, drive efficiency and sustainability, and enhance the customer experience. With full functionality for originations, servicing and collections, Alfa Systems is live in 37 countries, representing an integrated point solution, a rapid off-the-shelf implementation, or an end-to-end platform for the complex global enterprise. Alfa Systems 6, a breakthrough iteration of our software platform, was launched in 2024. Alfa maintains exceptional customer satisfaction through an impeccable track record, with our experience and performance unrivalled in the industry. Our customers stick with us for the long term, because we deliver value that lasts for decades. Alfa has offices in Europe, Australasia and North America. For more information, visit us at www.alfasystems.com . This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Alfa Financial Software Holdings (ALFA) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 45 minutes ago Taseko Mines Limited NPV (DI) 45 minutes ago Taseko Mines Limited NPV (DI) 45 minutes ago Xeros Technology Group 45 minutes ago Plus500 Ltd (DI) 45 minutes ago Capital for Colleagues plc All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and