Alfa Systems’ Software Evolution IR Video Alfa Financial Software Hldgs PLC 17 January 2025 17 January 2025 Alfa Financial Software Holdings PLC Release of Investor Relations Video discussing Alfa Systems' Software Evolution Alfa Financial Software Holdings PLC ("Alfa" or the "Company"), a leading developer of mission-critical software for the asset finance industry, announces that it has today released an Investor Relations video on the evolution of Alfa Systems' software. The video takes the form of a conversation between Andrew Denton, Chief Executive Officer and Andrew Flegg Chief Technology Officer in which they discuss the key steps in the creation of Alfa Systems v5 and the evolution of Alfa Systems 6. The video covers: · The reasons for the re-architecting of the original Alfa Systems software in 2006 · How those key decisions still benefit Alfa and its competitive positioning today · How the software development process was also improved · The use of APIs within the overall systems ecosystem · The advantages of Single tenant SaaS · What being truly Cloud Native means and its advantages · Alfa Systems 6 - a frictionless upgrade and its benefits · Technical excellence and functional depth of Alfa Systems equals a significant barrier to entry for its competitors The video is available on the investor section of our web site and can be accessed using the following link: https://www.alfasystems.com/en-eu/investors/our-business The video does not contain any new financial information. A 2024 Q4 trading update will be issued on Thursday 30 January 2025. Enquiries Alfa Financial Software Holdings PLC Andrew Denton, Chief Executive Officer Duncan Magrath, Chief Financial Officer Andrew Page, Executive Chairman +44 (0)20 7588 1800 Teneo James Macey White Victoria Boxall +44 (0)20 7353 4200 Notes to Editors Alfa has been delivering software systems and services to the global asset and automotive finance industry since 1990. Our agile methodologies and specialised knowledge of asset and automotive finance enables the delivery of large software implementations and highly complex business change projects. With an excellent delivery track record now into its fourth decade, Alfa's experience and performance is unrivalled in the industry. Alfa Systems, our class-leading technology platform, is at the heart of some of the world's largest asset and automotive finance companies. Alfa Systems supports both retail and corporate business for auto, equipment, wholesale and dealer finance on a multijurisdictional basis, including leases/loans, originations and servicing. A cloud-native, end-to-end solution with integrated workflow and automated processing using business rules, Alfa Systems provides compelling solutions to asset finance companies. Alfa Systems is currently live in 37 countries. Alfa has offices in Europe, Australasia and North America. For more information, visit www.alfasystems.com . This information is provided by Reach, the non-regulatory press release distribution service of RNS, part of the London Stock Exchange. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Alfa Financial Software Holdings (ALFA) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 2 minutes ago Personal Assets Trust 30 minutes ago NCC Group 1 hour ago CMC Markets 1 hour ago Sydbank A/S Sydbank Ord Shs 2 hours ago Shell All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and