BETA Close X Alfa Financial Software Holdings PLC announced the appointment of Peter George as an independent Non-Executive Director, effective 1 January 2026, bringing over 40 years of experience in financial services, motor industry, and engineering leadership. George, who previously held senior executive roles at Textron, Xchanging, and Accenture, will also join the Audit and Risk, Nomination, and Remuneration Committees. This appointment is not expected to trigger further disclosures under the FCA's UK Listing Rules. Disclaimer* Alfa Financial Software Hldgs PLC 12 December 2025 12 December 2025 Alfa Financial Software Holdings PLC ("Alfa" or the "Company") Appointment of Independent Non-Executive Director Alfa Financial Software Holdings PLC ("Alfa" or the "Company"), the leading developer of mission-critical software for the asset finance industry, announces that Peter George will join the Board as an independent, Non-Executive Director on 1 January 2026. Peter brings more than 40 years of experience in operational management, transformation and commercial leadership across financial services sectors, the motor industry and general engineering. His career includes senior executive positions at Textron, Xchanging and Accenture, where he most recently served as UK and Ireland Managing Director. Earlier in his career, he held several operational, design and management roles within the motor industry. Throughout his career he has acquired extensive international experience working globally within these industries. Peter has extensive experience in leadership and stakeholder engagement. He currently serves as Trustee Chair for both Accenture UK pension schemes working closely with corporate sponsors, regulators and professional advisers. A consistent theme throughout his career has been leading through people and empowering individuals to perform at their best. Upon joining the Board, Peter will join the Audit and Risk, Nomination and Remuneration Committees. Commenting on the appointment, Andrew Page, Chairman of Alfa, said: "On behalf of the Board, I look forward to welcoming Peter to Alfa. Peter's experience will be invaluable as we continue to extend our leading position in the asset finance software market". There are no further disclosures required in respect of this appointment pursuant to paragraph 6.4.6R of the Financial Conduct Authority's UK Listing Rules. Enquiries Alfa Financial Software Holdings PLC Andrew Denton, Chief Executive Officer Duncan Magrath, Chief Financial Officer Andrew Page, Executive Chairman +44 (0)20 7588 1800 Teneo James Macey White +44 (0)20 7353 4200 Notes to Editors Alfa has been delivering software systems and services to the global asset and automotive finance industry since 1990. Our agile methodologies and specialised knowledge of asset and automotive finance enables the delivery of large software implementations and highly complex business change projects. With an excellent delivery track record now into its fourth decade, Alfa's experience and performance is unrivalled in the industry. Alfa Systems, our class-leading technology platform, is at the heart of some of the world's largest asset and automotive finance companies. Alfa Systems supports both retail and corporate business for auto, equipment, wholesale and dealer finance on a multijurisdictional basis, including leases/loans, originations and servicing. A cloud-native, end-to-end solution with integrated workflow and automated processing using business rules, Alfa Systems provides compelling solutions to asset finance companies. Alfa Systems is currently live in 37 countries. Alfa has offices in Europe, Australasia and North America. For more information, visit www.alfasystems.com . This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Alfa Financial Software Holdings (ALFA) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 day ago Canal+ SA 1 day ago PayPoint 1 day ago Premier Miton Group 1 day ago Braemar 1 day ago Hill and Smith All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and