BETA Close X Alfa Financial Software Holdings PLC will release its 2025 H1 results on September 4th, 2025, at 7:00 AM (UK time). An analyst and institutional investor presentation with a Q&A session will follow at 9:45 AM (UK time). A separate webcast for retail investors, also with a Q&A, is scheduled for 3:00 PM (UK time) on the same day, featuring Andrew Denton (CEO), Duncan Magrath (CFO), and Matthew White (COO). The archived webcast will be available on the company's investor website. Disclaimer* Alfa Financial Software Hldgs PLC 21 August 2025 21 August 2025 Alfa Financial Software Holdings PLC Notice of 2025 H1 results, analyst presentation and retail investor webcast Alfa Financial Software Holdings PLC ("Alfa" or the "Company"), a leading developer of mission-critical software for the asset finance industry will publish its results for the half year ended 30 June 2025 at 0700 (UK time) on Thursday 4 September 2025. Results presentation and Q&A The Company will host a presentation for analysts and institutional investors via a webcast with live Q&A at 0945 (UK time) on Thursday 4 September. To obtain details for the conference call please email alfa@teneo.com. An archived webcast of the call will be available on the Investors page of the Company's website https://www.alfasystems.com/en-eu/investors. Retail investor webcast and Q&A The Company will also host a live interactive presentation aimed at retail investors on the Engage Investor platform on Thursday 4 September 2025, at 1500 (UK time). Andrew Denton (CEO), Duncan Magrath (CFO) and Matthew White (COO) will be present and available to answer questions. Questions can be submitted prior to the webcast via the Engage Investor platform, or at any time during the live presentation. Investors can sign up to Engage Investor at no cost and follow Alfa Financial Software Holdings PLC from their personalised investor hub. Register interest in this event here: https://engageinvestor.news/ALFA_IP25 Enquiries Alfa Financial Software Holdings PLC Andrew Denton, Chief Executive Officer Duncan Magrath, Chief Financial Officer Andrew Page, Executive Chairman +44 (0)20 7588 1800 Barclays Robert Mayhew Anusuya Gupta +44 (0)20 7623 2323 Investec Patrick Robb Virginia Bull +44 (0)20 7597 4000 Panmure Liberum Ltd Rupert Dearden James Sinclair-Ford +44 (0)20 3100 2000 Teneo James Macey White Victoria Boxall +44 (0)20 7353 4200 Notes to Editors Alfa has been delivering leading-edge technology to the global asset finance and leasing industry since 1990. Our specialised expertise enables us to deliver the most challenging systems transformation projects successfully. Alfa Systems, our class-leading SaaS platform, is at the heart of the world's largest and most progressive asset finance operations. Supporting all types of automotive, equipment and wholesale finance, Alfa Systems is proven at volume and across borders, and trusted by leading brands to manage complex portfolios, drive efficiency and sustainability, and enhance the customer experience. With full functionality for originations, servicing and collections, Alfa Systems is live in 37 countries, representing an integrated point solution, a rapid off-the-shelf implementation, or an end-to-end platform for the complex global enterprise. Alfa Systems 6, a breakthrough iteration of our software platform, was launched in 2024. Alfa maintains exceptional customer satisfaction through an impeccable track record, with our experience and performance unrivalled in the industry. Our customers stick with us for the long term, because we deliver value that lasts for decades. Alfa has offices in Europe, Australasia and North America. For more information, visit us at www.alfasystems.com . This information is provided by Reach, the non-regulatory press release distribution service of RNS, part of the London Stock Exchange. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Alfa Financial Software Holdings (ALFA) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 45 minutes ago Taseko Mines Limited NPV (DI) 45 minutes ago Taseko Mines Limited NPV (DI) 45 minutes ago Xeros Technology Group 45 minutes ago Plus500 Ltd (DI) 45 minutes ago Capital for Colleagues plc All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and