Total Voting Rights Alfa Financial Software Hldgs PLC 30 June 2025 30 June 2025 Alfa Financial Software Holdings PLC Total Voting Rights In accordance with the FCA's Disclosure and Transparency Rule 5.6.1R, Alfa Financial Software Holdings PLC ("Alfa" or the "Company"), a leading developer of mission-critical software for the asset finance industry, hereby notifies the market of the following: As at the close of business on 30 June 2025, the Company's issued ordinary share capital consists of 300,000,000 ordinary shares of 0.1p each, of which it holds 3,430,576 shares in Treasury. The shares held in Treasury have no voting rights. Therefore, the total number of voting rights in the Company as at 30 June 2025 is 296,569,424. Each share entitles the holder to one vote. The above figure may be used by shareholders as the denominator for the calculations by which they will determine whether they are required to notify their interest in or a change to their interest in the Company under the Disclosure and Transparency Rules. Enquiries Alfa Financial Software Holdings PLC Charlotte Caulfield, Company Secretary +44 (0)20 7588 1800 Teneo James Macey White Victoria Boxall +44 (0)20 7353 4200 LEI Number: 213800C5UOZHUTNUGA28 Notes to Editors Alfa has been delivering leading-edge technology to the global asset finance and leasing industry since 1990. Our specialised expertise enables us to deliver the most challenging systems transformation projects successfully. Alfa Systems , our class-leading SaaS platform, is at the heart of the world's largest and most progressive asset finance operations. Supporting all types of automotive, equipment and wholesale finance, Alfa Systems is proven at volume and across borders, and trusted by leading brands to manage complex portfolios, drive efficiency and sustainability, and enhance the customer experience. With full functionality for originations, servicing and collections, Alfa Systems is live in 37 countries, representing an integrated point solution, a rapid off-the-shelf implementation, or an end-to-end platform for the complex global enterprise. Alfa Systems 6, a breakthrough iteration of our software platform, was launched in 2024. Alfa maintains exceptional customer satisfaction through an impeccable track record, with our experience and performance unrivalled in the industry. Our customers stick with us for the long term, because we deliver value that lasts for decades. Alfa has offices all over Europe, Australasia and the Americas. For more information, visit us at alfasystems.com or on LinkedIn . This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Alfa Financial Software Holdings (ALFA) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 day ago Canal+ SA 1 day ago PayPoint 1 day ago Premier Miton Group 1 day ago Braemar 1 day ago Hill and Smith All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and