BETA Close X Alfa Financial Software Holdings PLC announced that awards granted under its 2017 Long Term Incentive Plan vested at 73.6% of the maximum on April 7, 2026, with shares net settled for tax liabilities and the remainder retained. Chief Financial Officer Duncan Magrath and Chief Operating Officer Matthew White have transferred 124,741 and 66,492 shares respectively to their spouses for nil consideration. Disclaimer* Alfa Financial Software Hldgs PLC 09 April 2026 9 April 2026 Alfa Financial Software Holdings PLC Vesting of award under the Long Term Incentive Plan Alfa Financial Software Holdings PLC (the "Company") announces that the awards granted under the Company's 2017 Long Term Incentive Plan ("LTIP") on 6 April 2023 vested at 73.6% of the maximum on 7 April 2026. The number of shares vested was as disclosed in the 2025 Annual Report and Accounts, Directors' Remuneration Report. Shares were net settled to cover tax liabilities on the vesting of the awards, with the remainder retained by the recipients. Duncan Magrath and Matthew White have informed the Company that, with the approval of the Remuneration Committee, they will transfer 124,741 and 66,492 shares, respectively, to their spouses for nil consideration. The information contained in this notification is disclosed in accordance with the requirements of the UK Market Abuse Regulation. 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / person closely associated a) Name Duncan Magrath 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/status Chief Financial Officer b) Initial notification /Amendment Initial Notification 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name Alfa Financial Software Holdings PLC b) LEI 213800C5UOZHUTNUGA28 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Alfa Financial Software Holdings PLC ordinary shares of £0.001 each Identification code GB00BDHXPG30 b) Nature of the transaction Vesting of the LTIP award granted on 6 April 2023 under the 2017 Alfa Financial Software Holdings PLC LTIP and net settlement of sufficient shares to satisfy tax liabilities. c) Price(s) and volume(s) No. of shares vested No. of shares net settled for tax No. of shares retained 235,972 111,231 124,741 d) Aggregated information - Aggregated volume As above - Price e) Date of the transaction 7 April 2026 f) Place of the transaction Outside of a trading venue 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / person closely associated a) Name Duncan Magrath 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/status Chief Financial Officer b) Initial notification /Amendment Initial Notification 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name Alfa Financial Software Holdings PLC b) LEI 213800C5UOZHUTNUGA28 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Alfa Financial Software Holdings PLC Ordinary share of £0.001 each Identification code GB00BDHXPG30 b) Nature of the transaction Transfer of 124,741 shares held by Duncan Magrath to his spouse Nicola Magrath for nil consideration c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) nil 124,741 d) Aggregated information - Aggregated volume As above - Price e) Date of the transaction 7 April 2026 f) Place of the transaction Outside of a trading venue 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / person closely associated a) Name Nicola Magrath 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/status PCA of Duncan Magrath b) Initial notification /Amendment Initial Notification 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name Alfa Financial Software Holdings PLC b) LEI 213800C5UOZHUTNUGA28 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Alfa Financial Software Holdings PLC Ordinary share of £0.001 each Identification code GB00BDHXPG30 b) Nature of the transaction Receipt of 124,741 shares transferred from Duncan Magrath for nil consideration c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) nil 124,741 d) Aggregated information - Aggregated volume As above - Price e) Date of the transaction 9 April 2026 f) Place of the transaction Outside of a trading venue 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / person closely associated a) Name Matthew White 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/status Chief Operating Officer b) Initial notification /Amendment Initial Notification 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name Alfa Financial Software Holdings PLC b) LEI 213800C5UOZHUTNUGA28 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Alfa Financial Software Holdings PLC ordinary shares of £0.001 each Identification code GB00BDHXPG30 b) Nature of the transaction Vesting of the LTIP award granted on 6 April 2023 under the 2017 Alfa Financial Software Holdings PLC LTIP and net settlement of sufficient shares to satisfy tax liabilities. c) Price(s) and volume(s) No. of shares vested No. of shares net settled for tax No. of shares retained 125,852 59,360 66,492 d) Aggregated information - Aggregated volume As above - Price e) Date of the transaction 7 April 2026 f) Place of the transaction Outside of a trading venue 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / person closely associated a) Name Matthew White 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/status Chief Operating Officer b) Initial notification /Amendment Initial Notification 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name Alfa Financial Software Holdings PLC b) LEI 213800C5UOZHUTNUGA28 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Alfa Financial Software Holdings PLC Ordinary share of £0.001 each Identification code GB00BDHXPG30 b) Nature of the transaction Transfer of 66,492 shares held by Matthew White to his spouse Polly White for nil consideration c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) nil 66,492 d) Aggregated information - Aggregated volume As above - Price e) Date of the transaction 7 April 2026 f) Place of the transaction Outside of a trading venue 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / person closely associated a) Name Polly White 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/status PCA of Matthew White b) Initial notification /Amendment Initial Notification 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name Alfa Financial Software Holdings PLC b) LEI 213800C5UOZHUTNUGA28 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Alfa Financial Software Holdings PLC Ordinary share of £0.001 each Identification code GB00BDHXPG30 b) Nature of the transaction Receipt of 66,492 shares transferred from Matthew White for nil consideration c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) nil 66,492 d) Aggregated information - Aggregated volume As above - Price e) Date of the transaction 9 April 2026 f) Place of the transaction Outside of a trading venue For further information: Alfa Financial Software Holdings PLC Charlotte Caulfield Company Secretary +44 (0)20 7588 1800 LEI Number: 213800C5UOZHUTNUGA28 Notes to Editors Alfa has been delivering software systems and services to the global asset and automotive finance industry since 1990. Our agile methodologies and specialised knowledge of asset and automotive finance enables the delivery of large software implementations and highly complex business change projects. With an excellent delivery track record now into its fourth decade, Alfa's experience and performance is unrivalled in the industry. Alfa Systems, our class-leading technology platform, is at the heart of some of the world's largest asset and automotive finance companies. Alfa Systems supports both retail and corporate business for auto, equipment, wholesale and dealer finance on a multijurisdictional basis, including leases/loans, originations and servicing. A cloud-native, end-to-end solution with integrated workflow and automated processing using business rules, Alfa Systems provides compelling solutions to asset finance companies. Alfa Systems is currently live in 37 countries. Alfa has offices in Europe, Australasia and North America. For more information, visit www.alfasystems.com . This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Alfa Financial Software Holdings (ALFA) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 36 minutes ago Canal+ SA 51 minutes ago PayPoint 2 hours ago Premier Miton Group 3 hours ago Braemar 3 hours ago Hill and Smith All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and