BETA Close X Alfa Financial Software Holdings PLC announced the appointment of Andrew Dickson as its new Chief Financial Officer, succeeding Duncan Magrath who will retire. Dickson, currently CFO of Cerillion, will join as CFO designate on July 6, 2026, and become an Executive Director on September 16, 2026, following the completion of the half-year results process. Magrath will remain available until the end of the year to ensure a smooth transition. Dickson's remuneration will align with the company's Remuneration Policy and will be detailed in the 2026 Annual Report. Disclaimer* Alfa Financial Software Hldgs PLC 12 February 2026 12 February 2026 Alfa Financial Software Holdings PLC Appointment of Chief Financial Officer Alfa Financial Software Holdings PLC ("Alfa" or the "Company"), a leading developer of mission-critical software for the asset finance industry, today announces that Andrew Dickson will be appointed to replace Duncan Magrath as Chief Financial Officer, whose intention to retire was announced in December 2025. Andrew will join as CFO designate on 6 July 2026 and join as an Executive Director with effect from 16 September 2026. Andrew Dickson has been Chief Financial Officer of Cerillion, a leading provider of software solutions to the telecoms industry, since February 2022. Prior to this, he spent seven years at Videndum plc in a number of senior finance roles both in the UK and the US. Andrew qualified as a chartered accountant with Deloitte LLP before joining Smiths Group plc, the FTSE 100 international engineering business. Duncan will step down from the Board on 16 September 2026, following the completion of the half year results process. Duncan will be available until the end of the year to ensure a smooth handover. Andrew Denton, Alfa's CEO said: "We are delighted to welcome Andrew Dickson to Alfa. He joins Alfa at an exciting time and his broad financial knowledge and experience will help support our growth ambitions. Our thanks go to Duncan Magrath for his valuable contribution over the last six years and we wish him well for his retirement." Andrew Dickson, incoming Chief Financial Officer said: "I am very excited to be joining Alfa. I am really looking forward to the opportunity to work with my new colleagues, experience the strength of the Alfa culture and to contribute to its continued success." Remuneration arrangements for Andrew Dickson will be in line with the Remuneration Policy and will be provided in the Directors' Remuneration Report in Alfa's 2026 Annual Report and Accounts, which will be published in March 2027. The Board confirms there are no other disclosures concerning Andrew Dickson to be made under UK Listing Rule 6.4.8R. For further details please contact: Alfa Financial Software Holdings PLC Andrew Denton, Chief Executive Officer Duncan Magrath, Chief Financial Officer Andrew Page, Executive Chairman +44 (0)20 7588 1800 Teneo James Macey White +44 (0)20 7353 4200 Notes to Editors Alfa has been delivering leading-edge technology to the global asset finance and leasing industry since 1990. Our specialised expertise enables us to deliver the most challenging systems transformation projects successfully. Alfa Systems, our class-leading SaaS platform, is at the heart of the world's largest and most progressive asset finance operations. Supporting all types of automotive, equipment and wholesale finance, Alfa Systems is proven at volume and across borders, and trusted by leading brands to manage complex portfolios, drive efficiency and sustainability, and enhance the customer experience. With full functionality for originations, servicing and collections, Alfa Systems is live in 37 countries, representing an integrated point solution, a rapid off-the-shelf implementation, or an end-to-end platform for the complex global enterprise. Alfa maintains exceptional customer satisfaction through an impeccable track record, with our experience and performance unrivalled in the industry. Our customers stick with us for the long term because we deliver value that lasts for decades. Alfa has offices in Europe, Australasia, and North America. For more information, visit us at www.alfasystems.com . This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Alfa Financial Software Holdings (ALFA) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 5 hours ago British American Tobacco 6 hours ago Mitie Group 6 hours ago Marks & Spencer Group 6 hours ago Hammerson 6 hours ago Reckitt Benckiser Group All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and