BETA Close X Alfa Financial Software Holdings PLC has announced that its Annual Report and Accounts for the year ended 31 December 2025, along with the Notice of its 2026 Annual General Meeting and a Form of Proxy, have been made available to shareholders. These documents can be viewed on the company's website and have been submitted to the National Storage Mechanism. The AGM is scheduled for 30 April 2026. Disclaimer* Alfa Financial Software Hldgs PLC 31 March 2026 31 March 2026 Alfa Financial Software Holdings PLC Annual Report and Accounts and Notice of 2026 AGM Alfa Financial Software Holdings PLC ("Alfa" or the "Company"), a leading developer of mission-critical software for the asset finance industry, announces that the following documents have today been posted or otherwise made available to shareholders: · Annual Report and Accounts for the year ended 31 December 2025 ("2025 Annual Report"); · Notice of 2026 Annual General Meeting ("AGM"); and · Form of Proxy. The 2025 Annual Report and Notice of 2026 AGM can also be viewed on the Company's website https://www.alfasystems.com/investors/ . The AGM will be held on 30 April 2026 at 3:00 p.m. at Moor Place, 1 Fore Street Avenue, London, EC2Y 9DT. Shareholders can submit questions for the Board in advance of the AGM to Cosec@alfasystems.com . Copies of the 2025 Annual Report, Notice of 2026 AGM and Form of Proxy have been submitted to the National Storage Mechanism and will shortly be made available for inspection at: http://data.fca.org.uk/#/nsm/nationalstoragemechanism . For further information: Alfa Financial Software Holdings PLC Charlotte Caulfield Company Secretary +44 (0)20 7588 1800 LEI Number: 213800C5UOZHUTNUGA28 Notes to Editors Alfa has been delivering leading-edge technology to the global asset finance and leasing industry since 1990. Our specialised expertise enables us to deliver the most challenging systems transformation projects successfully. Alfa Systems, our class-leading SaaS platform, is at the heart of the world's largest and most progressive asset finance operations. Supporting all types of automotive, equipment and wholesale finance, Alfa Systems is proven at volume and across borders, and trusted by leading brands to manage complex portfolios, drive efficiency and sustainability, and enhance the customer experience. With full functionality for originations, servicing and collections, Alfa Systems is live in 37 countries, representing an integrated point solution, a rapid off-the-shelf implementation, or an end-to-end platform for the complex global enterprise. Alfa maintains exceptional customer satisfaction through an impeccable track record, with our experience and performance unrivalled in the industry. Our customers stick with us for the long term because we deliver value that lasts for decades. Alfa has offices in Europe, Australasia, and North America. For more information, visit us at www.alfasystems.com . This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Alfa Financial Software Holdings (ALFA) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 45 minutes ago Taseko Mines Limited NPV (DI) 45 minutes ago Taseko Mines Limited NPV (DI) 45 minutes ago Xeros Technology Group 45 minutes ago Plus500 Ltd (DI) 45 minutes ago Capital for Colleagues plc All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and