Investor Presentation via Investor Meet Company Alfa Financial Software Hldgs PLC 03 March 2025 3 March 2025 Alfa Financial Software Holdings PLC Investor Presentation via Investor Meet Company Alfa Financial Software Holdings PLC ("Alfa" or the "Company"), a leading developer of mission-critical software for the asset finance industry, confirms that it will report its full year results, for the twelve months ended 31 December 2024, on Thursday 13 March 2025. In addition to its usual programme of shareholder meetings, Alfa is also pleased to announce that Andrew Denton, Duncan Magrath and Matthew White will provide a live Investor presentation of the results via Investor Meet Company on Friday 14 March 2025 at 13:00. This will use material from the results presentation which will be available on the Alfa website on 13 March 2025. No new material will be shared at this presentation. The presentation is open to all existing and potential shareholders. Questions can be submitted pre-event via your Investor Meet Company dashboard up on Friday 14 March 2025 at 09:00, or at any time during the live presentation. Investors can sign up to Investor Meet Company and add to meet ALFA FINANCIAL SOFTWARE HOLDINGS PLC via: https://www.investormeetcompany.com/alfa-financial-software-holdings-plc/register-investor. Investors who already follow ALFA FINANCIAL SOFTWARE HOLDINGS PLC on the Investor Meet Company platform will automatically be invited. Consistent with previous results announcements, the Company will host a conference call for analysts and investors on 13 March 2025 at 09:45. To obtain details for the conference call, please email alfa@teneo.com . Enquiries Alfa Financial Software Holdings PLC +44 (0)20 7588 1800 Andrew Denton, Chief Executive Officer Duncan Magrath, Chief Financial Officer Andrew Page, Executive Chairman Teneo +44 (0)20 7353 4200 James Macey White Victoria Boxall Barclays +44 (0)20 7623 2323 Robert Mayhew Anusuya Gupta Investec Patrick Robb Virginia Bull +44 (0)20 7597 4000 Panmure Liberum Ltd Rupert Dearden James Sinclair-Ford +44 (0)20 3100 2000 Notes to Editors Alfa has been delivering software systems and services to the global asset and automotive finance industry since 1990. Our agile methodologies and specialised knowledge of asset and automotive finance enables the delivery of large software implementations and highly complex business change projects. With an excellent delivery track record now into its fourth decade, Alfa's experience and performance is unrivalled in the industry. Alfa Systems, our class-leading technology platform, is at the heart of some of the world's largest asset and automotive finance companies. Alfa Systems supports both retail and corporate business for auto, equipment, wholesale and dealer finance on a multijurisdictional basis, including leases/loans, originations and servicing. A cloud-native, end-to-end solution with integrated workflow and automated processing using business rules, Alfa Systems provides compelling solutions to asset finance companies. Alfa Systems is currently live in 37 countries. Alfa has offices in Europe, Australasia and North America. For more information, visit www.alfasystems.com . This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Alfa Financial Software Holdings (ALFA) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 day ago Canal+ SA 1 day ago PayPoint 1 day ago Premier Miton Group 1 day ago Braemar 1 day ago Hill and Smith All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and