Notice of 2025 AGM and Annual Report and Accounts Alfa Financial Software Hldgs PLC 01 April 2025 1 April 2025 Alfa Financial Software Holdings PLC Notice of 2025 AGM and Annual Report and Accounts Alfa Financial Software Holdings PLC ("Alfa" or the "Company"), a leading developer of mission-critical software for the asset finance industry, announces that the following documents have today been posted or otherwise made available to shareholders: · Annual Report and Accounts for the year ended 31 December 2024 ("2024 Annual Report"); · Notice of 2025 Annual General Meeting ("AGM"); and · Form of Proxy. The 2024 Annual Report and Notice of 2025 AGM can also be viewed on the Company's website https://www.alfasystems.com/investors/ . The AGM will be held on 30 April 2025 at 3:00 p.m. at Moor Place, 1 Fore Street Avenue, London, EC2Y 9DT. Shareholders can submit questions for the Board in advance of the AGM to Cosec@alfasystems.com . Copies of the 2024 Annual Report, Notice of 2025 AGM and Form of Proxy have been submitted to the National Storage Mechanism and will shortly be made available for inspection at: http://data.fca.org.uk/#/nsm/nationalstoragemechanism . For further information: Alfa Financial Software Holdings PLC Charlotte Caulfield Company Secretary +44 (0)20 7588 1800 LEI Number: 213800C5UOZHUTNUGA28 Notes to Editors Alfa has been delivering software systems and consultancy services to the global asset and automotive finance industry since 1990. Our best practice methodologies and specialised knowledge of asset finance facilitates delivery of large software implementations and highly complex business change projects. With an excellent delivery track record now into its fourth decade, Alfa's experience and performance is unrivalled in the industry. Alfa Systems, our class-leading technology platform, is at the heart of some of the world's largest asset finance companies. Key to the business case for each implementation is Alfa Systems' ability to replace multiple customer systems with our single platform. Alfa Systems supports both retail and corporate business for auto, equipment, wholesale and dealer finance on a multijurisdictional basis, including leases/loans, originations and servicing. An end-to-end solution with integrated workflow and automated processing using business rules, Alfa Systems provides compelling solutions to asset finance companies. Alfa Systems is currently live in 37 countries. Alfa has offices in Europe, Australasia and North America. For more information, visit www.alfasystems.com . This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Alfa Financial Software Holdings (ALFA) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 44 minutes ago Taseko Mines Limited NPV (DI) 44 minutes ago Taseko Mines Limited NPV (DI) 44 minutes ago Xeros Technology Group 44 minutes ago Plus500 Ltd (DI) 45 minutes ago Capital for Colleagues plc All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and