BETA Close X Alfa Financial Software Holdings PLC announced that Non-Executive Director Christopher Sullivan sold 200,000 ordinary shares on August 3, 2026, on the XLON market. The sale was executed at an aggregated price of £1.6496 per share, with individual transactions occurring at £1.6420 for 164,595 shares and £1.6572 for 35,405 shares. This transaction represents an initial notification under the EU Market Abuse Regulation. Disclaimer* Alfa Financial Software Hldgs PLC 04 August 2026 4 August 2026 Alfa Financial Software Holdings PLC Director / PDMR Shareholding Alfa Financial Software Holdings PLC (the "Company"), a leading developer of mission-critical software for the asset finance industry, confirms the following transaction in the Company's ordinary shares. The information in this notification is disclosed in accordance with the requirements of the EU Market Abuse Regulation. 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / person closely associated a) Name Christopher Sullivan 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/status Non-Executive Director b) Initial notification /Amendment Initial Notification 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name Alfa Financial Software Holdings PLC b) LEI 213800C5UOZHUTNUGA28 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Ordinary shares of £0.001 each Identification code GB00BDHXPG30 b) Nature of the transaction Share sale c) Price(s) and volume(s) Prices (£) Volume(s) 1.6420 164,595 1.6572 35,405 d) Aggregated information - Aggregated volume 200,000 - Price £1.6496 e) Date of the transaction 3 August 2026 f) Place of the transaction XLON For further information: Alfa Financial Software Holdings PLC Charlotte Caulfield Company Secretary +44 (0)20 7588 1800 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Alfa Financial Software Holdings (ALFA) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 day ago Canal+ SA 1 day ago PayPoint 1 day ago Premier Miton Group 1 day ago Braemar 1 day ago Hill and Smith All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and