Alfa’

Focusing
on future
growth

Annual Report

*A8S5IYIN7*

Contents

Strategic report
Alfa at a glance

Financial statements

Independent auditor's report to the members

1

A focus on: Digital 2 of Alfa Financial Software Holdings plc 88
A focus on: Establishing our partner ecosystems 4 Consolidated statement of profit or loss
A focus on: Accessing the volume market @ andcomprehensive income 94
A focus on: Creating a high Consolidated statement of financial position 95
performance organisation g Consolidated statement of changes inequity 96
Market overview 10 Consolidated statement of cash flows 97
Our business model 16 Notestotheconsolidated financialstatements 98
Chief Executive Officer's review of the year____18 Company statement of financial position 128
Our strategy 20 Company statement of changes in equity
Key performance indicators 36 forthe period from incorporation 129
Risk management overview 30 Notesto the Company financial statements 130
Principal risks and uncertainties 33
Viability statement 36 Additional information
Financial review 38 Glossary of terms 135
Corporate social responsibility 44
Governance
Corporate Governance Introduction 50
Corporate Governance Report 51

Board of Directors 60

Report of the Nomination Committee 63

Report of the Audit and Risk Committee 67

Report of the Remuneration Committee 74
Annual Report on Remuneration 76
Summary of the Directors’ Remuneration Policy 79
Statement of Directors’ responsibilities 83
Directors’ Report 84

2018 Highlights

Total revenue

£71m

19% decrease on 2017

Operating profit

£22m

£34 million in 2017

Adjusted EBIT margin”

32%

47% in 2017

Alfa team at 31 December 2018

312 employees

net decrease of 17 in 2018

(1) Adjusted EBIT is defined as operating profit excluding
-related costs

pre-IPO share based payments and |

. F

Alfa at a glance

We analyse our 2018 business in a number
of ways - geographies, revenue types,
customer types and industry verticals

Where we operate Europe

We have 22 customers based in Europe,
| including two ongoing implementation

| customers asat 31 December 2018. Alfa
Systems has been implemented and is live
in eight European countries, witha further
expansion underway into 10 countries over
| thenext two years. We have expanded our
European operations in 2019 by setting up
asubsidiary in Germany to serve asa base

| for our mainland European operations.

241°

Alfateam members i
72 -Europe- USA
Alfa team members We primarily operate and serve customers
—USA- in Texas, Michigan and Georgia, generating

£33 million of revenue in 2018. We have

deep experience of the US automotive

sector and won our first US equipment
| customer in March 2018.

Rest of World
| We have operations in both Australia and
New Zealand, and have 15 team members
in this region specialising in both
automotive and equipment finance.

15”
Alfa team members
-RoW~

(1) Average headcount numbers

Our revenue streams

Software implementation

We have four ongoing implementations at

31 December 2018. Software implementations
vary in length and size depending on the
complexity of the lending portfolio, the
number of systems being replaced and the
level of change management required. During
asoftware implementation, there may bea
number of go-live events as different portfolios
are migrated, Services include migration,
development and configuration of customer-
specific automated processes or reporting

and testing

Maintenance

We have 30 customers paying annual _
maintenance fees, with 26 maintenance
customers expected in 2019. Maintenance

Our purpose: to deliver

Grech wichale stare soenneste, our leading-edge
number of finance contracts managed on tech nology with

Alfa Systems and types of assets. .

ops smart, diverse people,
Ongoing Development and Services making our customers

ODS represents additional services or
development provided to customers after the
initial go-live of the software implementation.

future-ready.

' : '

Our customers
by type

50%

23%

27%

1. Banks

Customers classified as banking institutions
are finance entities associated with regulated
banking groups. Such financing is often referred
toaswhite label finance.

2. OEMs

Original Equipment Manufacturers

OEMs include both equipment and

automotive manufacturers, whose main

purpose is the sale of the asset rather than
| the provision of financing.

| 3. Independents

| Independent customersare customers who are
neither part of a regulated banking group nor
manufacturers of the asset being financed.

| Independent customers tend to be smaller,

both in portfolio volumes and personnel using

Alfa Systems.

Our verticals

Automotive finance

The automotive finance industry provides
arange of financial products to fund the
acquisition of new and used vehicles. Our
customers can be banking institutions providing
finance to dealers, OEMs or independent sellers
of automotive vehicles.

62%

of 2018 revenue

38%

of 2018 revenue

Equipment finance
Equipment finance covers a myriad of asset
types—from vending machines, which are high
volume, low value, to power plants; low volume,
high value. At Alfa we predominantly service the
lending for agriculture, manufacturing, mining,
construction and transportation equipment.
Historically, lending products on offer have
been relatively vanilla, yet the equipment
industry is seeing significant evolution towards
consumption-based or subscription models,
Generally lenders classified as equipment
financers, have a variety of assets under

finance in their portfolios and may have

some automotive finance as well, but this

isnot the predominant asset.

Focusing on
future growth

Using our leading-edge digital technologies
and smart, diverse workforce, we are
always looking to innovate and improve
the solutions we provide.

We believe everything can be improved
through critical thinking. Whatever it is,
we ask ourselves “how can it be better”.

These areas of focus are:

OOOO

Focus on Focus on Accessing Creating a high
Digital Partners the volume _ performance
Page 2 Page 4 market organisation
Page 6 Page8

Access enhanced video

content on pages of this > >

report with Reydar

The video content included throughout the report Download Aimand Watch it
does not form part of the Annual Report and Accounts Reydar app frame image come to life

2018 of Alfa Financial Software Holdings PLC.

Alfa in focus

Self-serve applications

With digital solutions we have seen the ability to
choose an asset from the comfort of your sofa
become a reality. Integration of Alfa Systems with
third party providers is now a must as customer
identification and credit checking becomes
something which can occur ina matter of minutes
or indeed seconds as new technologies are used
to read data and carry out statistical matching.

Alfa Systems can now provide the technological
solutions for our customers’ customers to select
their leased asset, tailor the asset and the loan
product to their needs and to complete credit
checking processes to initiate the loan. Moving into
the life of the product, we have application-based
products which provide the end-customers with
immediate access to their loan data, customer
support and ongoing service solutions. All of this
is tailored to our customer's branding and user
interface to provide their customers witha
cohesive solution which promotes efficiency

and satisfaction.

IoT and increased connectivity
to the asset

The connectivity amongst everyday technologies
continues to increase — not only do we now see
farm equipment measure weather or humidity in
harvest, which then allows the manufacturers or
lessors of that equipment to forecast profitability
or harvest success, we are also seeing data which
allows lessors to assess maintenance requirements
or residual values from how the asset is being used.

Ultimately these are all data points which allow the
lessor to structure loan products or services to
better suit the lessee - which becomes even more
integral to the usership economy as end-customers
move away from ownership and instead look for
payments to be matched against usership and
access. As the efficiency of loT technologies and
use of data increases, this will again contribute to
increasing the enjoyment of the overall customer
experience, with the aim of promoting loyalty of
the end customer.

A focus on:

Digital

2 Alfa Financial Software Holdings PLC

Artificial intelligence

Again we have seen significant steps forward as
machine learning programmes have assisted in
self-service customer helplines, with FAQs and with
clever routing of questions or requests. This will
continue to develop and learn as it is used more and
more across many loans and customer relationships
and will continue to revolutionise the way that our
customers do business.

Moving into 2019

Our customers are looking for ease of use and
efficiency of solutions whilst maintaining one brand
and interface for their customers~—and our digital
agenda has been tailored to take our customers’
requirements and need for change into account.
The basis for refining our digital agenda has been
our highly successful European and US user
groups which draws intelligence and feedback
from a range of customers across a number

of geographies and verticals.

For more information on the digital agenda
see our two reports on digital discovery.

Find out more about our
focus on digital innovation

Annual Report and Accounts 2018

Digital agendas have been at the top of
many CIO’s and CEO’s priorities for the last
few years and in 2018 and into 2019 we
have seen this move from being a talking
point to becoming a reality. The driving
force behind this has been customer buying
power as integrated fintech solutions have
become a must for ensuring ongoing
customer loyalty.

Annual Report and Accounts 2018

Alfa Financial Software Holdings PLC

3

oda, 213332135

a2uewsanon |

squawayers jepueuty

uonewioyuijevorppy |

Alfa in focus

Introduction

Since inception, we have always delivered Alfa
Systems and supported our customers ourselves.
While this model has served us well, allowing us to
maintain control and ensure quality of the product
and ensure delivery, it has necessarily coupled our
ability to grow and develop the Alfa Team to top
line growth.

In order to move forward, we believe that setting
up a compact global ecosystem of partners will
allow us to ultimately deliver more Alfa Systems
implementations and grow our customer base
but is expected to also provide sales leads.

Additionally the partner ecosystem will give us more
than that in the mid-term — it will be a key step tothe
move towards being a player in the volume market in
both the US and Europe, and also due to the breadth
and depth of these potential partner organisations,
it will allow us to service geographies where we do
not have a presence or local capabilities.

4 Alfa Financial Software Holdings PLC

Find out more
about our focus
on partnerships

Annual Report and Accounts 2018

How will we partner

Customer focus will be critical - We will retain
the customer relationship, to ensure that our
high standards of quality will be maintained
whilst also meeting the customer's needs.

Asmall but carefully selected partner ecosystem
-We are looking to partner with like-minded
organisations, comprising both niche specialists
and renowned management consultancies, with
geographical spread but also bandwidth of deep
asset finance expertise and strong delivery
capabilities to complement our own. As with all
relationships, it is important to us that we share the
same values and are driving in the same direction
-therefore developing these partnerships will
demand care and attention.

Engaging, training and setting up the team -We
have advanced discussions with three potential

partners and agreements with three existing
partners. We have found that agreeing terms

A focus on:

and setting up teams is only efficient when there
isa joint sales opportunity or live projects. In the
short term, implementation team make-up is
expected to be one third partner team members.

Alfa Start methodology - To create an efficient and
low friction implementation process, we have laid
the groundwork with Alfa Start, which is our tried
and tested, off-the-shelf, pre-configured solution
and implementation process methodology. We
have completed this for the US automotive sector
and will continue to roll this out for all relevant
software implementations, both internally
delivered and also partner assisted. Moving
forward, we will adapt this for other sectors

to allow usto have an Alfa Start methodology

for all verticals and geographies.

Developing Alfa Systems - Any required
development or customisation will remain with the
Alfa team to ensure we retain control and security
over the platform.

Establishing our
partner ecosystems

The success of our partner model lies in setting up
partnerships with consultancy companies who share
the same values as us and who we can work with in
weaving the customer’s existing technology solutions
and processes with Alfa Systems to create an integrated,
elegant and efficient asset finance solution.

Moving into 2019

We will continue our successful partnership
with Teamwill Consulting with whom

we have been working with for more than
two years, across Europe.

Following the signing of engagement
terms with Genpact in late 2017, we have
a further three other partners where we
are looking to agree terms in the event
of ajoint sales opportunity.

Annual Report and Accounts 2018

We will continue to roll out and develop
Alfa Start methodology to assist with
training and facilitate partner assisted
implementations.

To support partners on implementations,
we willset up a partner support line and
also provide the latest information about
Alfa Systems and our delivery methodology
via a partner portal.

We will continue to assess and evaluate
other potential partners for our
expanding ecosystem.

Alfa Financial Software Holdings PLC

qaodas s18a3e235

souewsan09

squawiayeys jeoueuly |

uonewojut jeuonippy |

Alfa in focus
The volume market

Currently our customer base is comprised primarily
of enterprise customers who are often operating
across multi jurisdictional areas and dealing with

a web of legislation and regulation. We pride
ourselves on the fact that Alfa Systems can
seamlessly deal with any regulation, any accounting
and tax regime or any loan product - and that the
Alfa platform can operate globally.

Our aspirations are to extend into the volume
market, increasing our customer base and taking
Alfa Systems to customers who are more medium-
sized. In this market, simplification is key as often
these customers are not looking for multi-
jurisdictional implementation and do not have
portfolios which comprise hundreds of thousands of
lease contracts. Instead these players value a quality
off-the-shelf solution, with simple, tried and tested
automated procedures relevant to companies of a
smaller size, with the opportunity to add modules
or processes as their business grows.

A focus on:

Accessing the
Volume market

6 Alfa Financial Software Holdings PLC Annual Report and Accounts 2018

Accessing this market

Alfa Systems is already cloud-ready, with 50%

of our current Software Implementations being
public cloud hosted and not on premises. This
provides us with an excellent basis for accessing the
volume market. Yet there remain a number of areas
which require further preparation before we can
truly start the journey to gaining market share in
this area:

1 Simplification of implementation processes —
The Alfa Start methodology is the starting
point of creating off-the-shelf processes and
implementation procedures which would
ultimately cover all relevant jurisdictions and
geographies. The methodology would allow
partners or resellers to implement with limited
to nil Alfa input.

2, Simplification of our product-To facilitate
the simplified implementation, Alfa Systems
needs to be flexible, nimble and efficient. Our
modularisation project, which kicked off in 2018,
is designed to refine the platform into smaller
modules which will increase efficiencies on
smaller implementations and also has the goal

of decreasing complexity in the code base.

Find out more about our approach
to our volume markets

Annual Report and Accounts 2018

Channel to market - There are hundreds of

players in the medium-sized market, very
much dispersed geographically and vertically. Ways
of accessing this market could be through partners,
through resellers or through our own sales force.

Pricing structures - Many of the volume

players will want to avoid long term financial
commitments and the cash requirements of both
large upfront license and extended implementation
costs required by on-prem software. Subscription
or Saa$ style pricing will allow customers to scale
their costs to the needs of the business quickly as
business conditions change -and such pricing will
be dependent on the modularization of Alfa
Systems and the modules chosen.

Support and ongoing development — Support
efforts are being reviewed to assess the impact
of increased requirements for a higher volume
of customers but also the expected need for
24/7 helplines. While we provide some of our
maintenance and support services while on site
during the implementation, this would not be
possible with a more typical reseller model and
therefore our support provision will have to evolve
as we access new markets.

Moving forward

2019 is a year of investment in simplification, both
in product and processes, to lay the bedrock of

the strategic aim of accessing these customers

of the future. These simplification projects will

not only serve the volume market but will also

be fundamental to usin continuing to deliver

the highest quality product and services to all our
markets and in moving forward our partner agenda.

Alfa Financial Software Holdings PLC

7

qodass1Sa3e235

aoueusano5 |

squawayeys jeueuly

venue exon |

Alfa in focus

A focus on:

Creating a
high performance
organisation

Our success as an organisation
hinges on being able to recruit,
retain and develop our Alfa team,
allowing our people to innovate
and grow throughout their career.
In 2018 we introduced and
focused on the following areas.

Career paths and development
opportunities

In 2018 we introduced a new career path and
development framework to assist in how we
structure performance management, development
and training and succession planning. Underlying
this introduction was the separation of goals and
objectives for developers in comparison to those
proceeding along an implementation career path
‘as we recognise that the skills required for each
of these is very different.

Moving into 2019 we are focused on defining the
2019 objectives for relevant grades and career
paths to establish a framework whereby our Alfa
team can continue to contribute to the group
strategy and be valued for that contribution.

H
8 Alfa Financial Software Holdings PLC

Innovation at the core of how we develop

Innovation is key to how we develop at Alfa and
‘one of the means by which we stay at the leading
edge of the industry. The Alfa innovation team
has developed a three stage process that allows
for the systematic gathering, evaluation and
adoption of new ideas, whether they are
improvements to our existing products and
processes or something completely new.
Importantly, the process uses lean principles to
allow people to take action while simultaneously
applying only the minimum amount of
investment to evaluate each idea. Innovation
and engagement are encouraged across all levels
of the organisation and this actively engages all
our employees with the process. Alfa regularly
holds events such as our Alfa Hackathons and
Innovation Afternoons, which provide the Alfa
team with the opportunity to experiment and
try new ways of doing things. Often, ideas that
come up during these activities feed directly
into the process itself. Typically, tens or even
hundreds of ideas are generated from these
innovation exercises which are the narrowed
down as we go through the process.

Currently, there are more than ten different
ideas progressing through the different stages
of the process, with a number of them adopted
as part of the final stage of the process.

'
Annual Report and Accounts 2018