Stepping into
our opportunity

*ABSSSVEX*
A06 01/06/2022 #122

COMPANIES HOUSE

Alfa Financial Software Holdings PLC
Annual Report and Accounts 2021

WEDNESDAY

We are all
‘about software
& delivery

Alfa is a leading provider of software and
services to the global auto and equipment
finance industries. We deliver our leading-
edge technology with smart, diverse people,
making our customers future-ready.

Find out more online
alfasystems.com

Alfa Financial Software Holdings PLC Annual Report and Accounts 2021

Contents Financial highlights

STRATEGIC REPORT

Strategic report

1 Financial highlights Group revenue (£m)

4 Software
6 — Subscription
8 Services

10 Ataglance
12. Chief Executive's review
16 Market overview
18 Business model

Operating profit (£m)

20 Investment case
22 Company strategy
24 Strategy inaction
25 People

26 Partnering

28 Strategic Investment
30 AlfaiQ

32. Cloud Hosting

34° Alfa Start

Cash (£m)

Operating profit margin

36 Key performance indicators

38 Financial review

44° Risk management

46 Principal risks and uncertainties
52. Viability statement

54 Section 172 statement

58 Environmental, Social & Governance

Dividends paid (£m)

Governance
71 Chairman's introduction to governance
74 Board of Directors

76 Company Leadership Team

77 Board leadership & company purpose
81 Division of responsibilities

86 Composition, succession & evaluation
90 Nomination Committee Report

94 Audit & Risk Committee Report

100 Directors’ Remuneration Report

Non-financial highlights

Number of subscription
customers

103 Directors’ Remuneration Policy

112 Annual Report on Remuneration

122 Directors’ report

127 Statement of Directors’ responsibilities

Employee retention

Financial statements
129 Independent auditor's report

137 Consolidated statement of profit or loss and
comprehensive income

138 Consolidated statement of financial position

Employee engagement*

139 Consolidated statement of changes in equity
140 Consolidated statement of cash flows

141 Notes to the consolidated
financial statements

173 Company statement of financial position
174 Company statement of changes in equity
175 Notes to the company financial statements

Customer concentration (top 5)

Other information
179 Glossary of terms
180 Shareholder information

* Calculation revised, 2020, 2019 and 2018
restated, see KPI page 37.

Alfa Financial Software Holdings PLC Annual Report and Accounts 2021

STRATEGIC REPORT

Big company impact.
Small company feel.
Vision

To grow our company size naturally,

but grow our impact rapidly - always
retaining our underlying culture. Key to
this is delivering more concurrent Alfa
implementations, more efficiently, with

a world-class product. We will have a big
company impact, but a small company feel.

For our purpose and identity, turn to
page 10

IP company

The IP that exists in Alfa Systems
has been built up over 30 years
of working and specialising in
the auto and equipment finance
industry. It is the core of our
business and the heart and lungs
of our customers’ operations.

Key to the success of Alfa today is the
launch, in 2010, of Alfa Systems v5. This
was built with the future in mind: 100%
web-based and 100% Java — making it
fully digitally enabled and cloud native.
Itis coristantly evolving to meet the needs
of today’s customers.

Read more about our investment in IP
on pages 28-29

4 Alfa Financial Software Holdings PLC Annual Report and Accounts 2021

REVENUE STREAMS

Constantly evolving
Dec 2020 Dec 2021
5.6.3 i 5.6.17

SOFTWARE

Market-leading
software

Our Alfa Systems software is at the

heart of some of the world’s largest

and most innovative auto and equipment
finance companies.

Alfa Financial Software Holdings PLC Annual Report and Accounts 2021

We develop software that is dedicated to

the auto and equipment finance industry.

The software is the heart and lungs of our
customers’ organisations providing front office,
middle office and back office functionality all

in one system, developed ground up ina digital
environment. The strength of our software

lies not only in the years of knowledge and
experience that has been poured into it, but that
it was designed for the digital environment.

What is included in the software revenue stream?

Software revenues include revenues from recognition of customised licence
revenue, one-off licence fees and any development fees charged to customers
ona day rate basis.

What happened in 2021?

Every four weeks we release a new version of the software, and so there were

13 new releases in 2021. We also rolled out Mercury, our new User Interface, to

11 customers, whose users are now benefiting from its built-in accessibility and
clean and modem environment. We had 27 go-lives during the year including 5 new
implementations of v5. Of the new v5 implementations, 2 were upgrades from v4, as
a consequence new licence revenues were relatively low in the year. Offsetting this
was an increase in the number of development days charged to clients.

Front office Middle office Back office
is used to refer represents everything _ includes all in-life
to the auto and that happens contract-management.
equipment finance between the creation _transactions such as
point of sale. of aquote and having _ billing and collection,
alive finance schedule —_ andall customer
for a delivered asset. services transactions
such as address
changes and payment
reschedules and
where the complex

accounting takes place.

STRATEGIC REPORT 5

“After very careful evaluation
and consideration, we selected
Alfa because we felt it’s a great
innovative platform for us, and
so far we have been pleased with
their product capability. I feel like
the overall match between our two
companies and culture, particularly
around innovation and ESG, really
helped us make this decision.”

Shamim Mohammad
EVP, Chief Information & Technology
Officer, CarMax

Software revenue (£m)

Software revenue (%)

6%

6 Alfa Financial Software Holdings PLC Annual Report and Accounts 2021

REVENUE STREAMS

Maintenance customers
Dec 2020 Dec 2021

27 ; 29

SUBSCRIPTION

Reliable cloud
hosting

Our cloud hosting services have grown rapidly
and the robustness of the built in services
and the ability to simplify and accelerate
implementations make them an attractive
choice for customers.

Alfa Financial Software Holdings PLC Annual Report and Accounts 2021 STRATEGIC REPORT 7

We have seen rapid growth in our cloud “We needed a system that was fit

. + 4 for purpose and fit for the future:
hosting service, particularly as customers have Alfa v5 met those criteria. Alfa
moved off v4, onto v5. They have recognised v5 will give Close Brothers Asset

. . : Finance scalability, but also
the benefits of speed of implementation, the nimbleness that’s a prerequisite
strength of the offering and the reliability ina changing environment. We
ws operate in a number of jurisdictions

that comes with it. Customers can now take and changes are constant, whether
a ‘bundled’ service, which for a monthly fee that’s regulatory, accounting, or
: . . just internal reporting, we’re going
incorporates the licence, maintenance and to be ina much stronger position
hosting services. to deal with change quickly and

more economically.”
What is included in the subscription revenue stream?
Subscription revenues include recurring revenues paid on a monthly or annual
basis, including subscription licence revenues, maintenance and cloud hosting

Neil Davies
CEO, Commercial, Close Brothers

What happened in 2021?
2021 built on the significant progress we made in 2020 in developing our cloud Subscription revenue (£m)
hosting services. There were nine go-live events for the hosting team in 2021, three
of these were for new implementations, with the remainder being upgrade events.

We continue to focus on increasing subscription licence sales both when

customers are looking to take our hosting services, but even where they
wish to deploy in their own cloud. Subscription revenue (%)

Alfa cloud hosting services 8 Yo

+ Customised automated task scheduling with monitoring and alerting

+ Automated patching and deployments of Alfa Systems
+ Agility to create, destroy and resize environments
+ Disaster recovery leveraging managed services with annual test

+ Automated database backup and on-request copying of data
between environments

+ 24/7 threat monitoring and annual penetration testing
+ ISO 27001 and SOC2 audited processes
+ Environment and performance monitoring with automated alerting

8 Alfa Financial Software Holdings PLC Annual Report and Accounts 2021

REVENUE STREAMS
Services customers (>£0.2m)
Dec 2020 Dec 2021

SERVICES

Quality delivery
with quality
people

The quality of our people, the knowledge
sharing embedded in the organisation and
the inherent IP within our software, means
that our delivery record is second to none.

Alfa Financial Software Holdings PLC Annual Report and Accounts 2021

Our services revenue comes from selling

days to customers for implementation and

for other ongoing services. Fundamental

to this is the quality of our people, the deep
knowledge they have of the auto and equipment
finance industry and commitment to delivering
a high-quality service.

What is included in the services revenue stream?

Services revenues are revenues from any work done for customers including
pre-implementation, implementation work, and ongoing services, but
excludes any revenue from development work.

What happened in 2021?

2021 saw a continuation of our strong delivery record underpinned by the
growth in our pool of client-facing people and placement of partner resources on
customer projects. Working 100% remotely we successfully completed five new
implementations of Alfa v5, continued ongoing implementation and v5 upgrade
projects, and provided ongoing services across the majority of our existing
customer base.

We continue to invest in the development of our people and in the quality and

efficiency of our delivery model, as well as building and leveraging our partner
ecosystem to enable more concurrent implémentation projects.

Implementation milestones

1995 2010 2020

Alfav3 Alfa v5 Alfa Start

launched launched launched
2003 2017 2019 2021
Alfa v4 Alfahosting 4.6mcontract 35% of
launched launched portfolio customers

go-live using hosting

STRATEGIC REPORT

“We're very pleased with the product,
we've got a very strong team at
Alfa supporting us. We've got
multiple suppliers, but Alfa are by
far and away the best performing
partner that we have, in terms
of the behaviours they operate
with as an organisation - they’re
extremely professional.”

Russ Fitzgerald
Chief Information Officer,
Hampshire Trust Bank

Services revenue (£m)

Services revenue (%)

6%

10 Alfa Financial Software Holdings PLC Annual Report and Accounts 2021

AT A GLANCE

Our purpose and identity

To deliver our leading-edge technology with smart, diverse people, making our
customers future-ready. We are a software and delivery company.

Alfa Financial Software Holdings PLC Annual Report and Accounts 2021

What we do

Services

We performed implementation or ongoing
services for 28 customers during the year.

Allofour revenues are for the sale of software
and related services. This split is to help
understanding of changes in business activity.

Where we do it

Rest of the World

We have operations in Australia and New
Zealand specialising in both automotive and
equipment finance. As at 31 December 2021
we had 26 team members in this region.

EMEA

We had 21 customers based in Europe
and Africa, as at 31 December 2021

Alfa Systems has been implemented

andis live in 16 EMEA countries, with a
further expansion underway into additional
countries over the next few years.

Who we do it for

Original equipment manufacturers

OEMs include both equipment and automotive
manufacturers, whose main purpose is the sale of
the asset rather than the provision of financing.

Independents

Independent customers are customers who are
neither part of a regulated banking group nor
manufacturers of the asset being financed.
Independent customers tend to be smaller,
both in portfolio volumes and personnel using
Alfa Systems.

STRATEGIC REPORT n

Software

We had 21 customers during the year
where we provided development services.

In addition, we had 7 customers where we
recognised a portion of the customised
licence in the period, and 6 customers where
there was point-in-time licence recognition
in the year.

Subscriptions

At 31 December 2021, we had 31
subscription customers, up from 28 last
year. Of these, 12 were taking hosting
services at the end of the year.

America

We primarily served customers across the
US out of offices in Michigan and Texas,
although US customers are also supported
from the UK. We have deep experience of
the USA automotive finance sector anda
growing presence in equipment finance.

Banks

Customers classified as banking institutions
are finance entities associated with
regulated banking groups.