BETA Close X Alfa Financial Software Holdings PLC announced that Duncan Magrath, Executive Director and CFO, intends to retire at the end of 2026, after joining in March 2020 and contributing significantly to the company's transition to a SaaS-focused business. The Board will commence a search for his successor, with Magrath expressing his continued commitment for the next twelve months. Disclaimer* Alfa Financial Software Hldgs PLC 23 December 2025 23 December 2025 Alfa Financial Software Holdings PLC Retirement of Director Alfa Financial Software Holdings PLC ("Alfa" or the "Company"), a leading developer of mission-critical software for the asset finance industry today announces that Duncan Magrath, Executive Director and CFO, has informed the Board of his intention to retire at the end of 2026. The Board will now proceed with a search for a successor. Andrew Denton, Alfa's CEO said: "I would like to thank Duncan for the guidance and support that he has provided me and our Alfa colleagues since he joined in March 2020. He has made a huge contribution over that time as Alfa has transitioned into a SaaS focused software and delivery company. He has built a team and processes that provide a strong platform for the future growth of the business. We wish Duncan a well-deserved and an enjoyable retirement after a long and successful career." Duncan Magrath, Alfa's CFO said: "I have thoroughly enjoyed being involved in the growth and development of Alfa over the last 6 years and experiencing the strength of the Alfa culture has been a real highlight. Many thanks to my team, the senior leadership and the Board for the strong support they have given me over that time. I have the same excitement for the next twelve months at Alfa as the first twelve months, and after this look forward to pursuing interests outside of a full-time executive career." This announcement is made in accordance with UK Listing Rule 6.4.6R For further details please contact: Alfa Financial Software Holdings PLC Andrew Denton, Chief Executive Officer Duncan Magrath, Chief Financial Officer Andrew Page, Executive Chairman +44 (0)20 7588 1800 Teneo James Macey White +44 (0)20 7353 4200 Notes to Editors Alfa has been delivering leading-edge technology to the global asset finance and leasing industry since 1990. Our specialised expertise enables us to deliver the most challenging systems transformation projects successfully. Alfa Systems, our class-leading SaaS platform, is at the heart of the world's largest and most progressive asset finance operations. Supporting all types of automotive, equipment and wholesale finance, Alfa Systems is proven at volume and across borders, and trusted by leading brands to manage complex portfolios, drive efficiency and sustainability, and enhance the customer experience. With full functionality for originations, servicing and collections, Alfa Systems is live in 37 countries, representing an integrated point solution, a rapid off-the-shelf implementation, or an end-to-end platform for the complex global enterprise. Alfa maintains exceptional customer satisfaction through an impeccable track record, with our experience and performance unrivalled in the industry. Our customers stick with us for the long term because we deliver value that lasts for decades. Alfa has offices in Europe, Australasia, and North America. For more information, visit us at www.alfasystems.com . This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Alfa Financial Software Holdings (ALFA) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 36 minutes ago Canal+ SA 50 minutes ago PayPoint 2 hours ago Premier Miton Group 3 hours ago Braemar 3 hours ago Hill and Smith All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and