BETA Close X Eurowag has appointed Investec Bank PLC as a joint corporate broker, effective immediately, to work alongside the existing broker, Peel Hunt LLP. This announcement does not include any specific financial figures but signifies an expansion of the company's advisory team. Disclaimer* Eurowag 13 March 2026 LEI: 213800HU63CWV5J8YK95 13 March 2026 W.A.G payment solutions plc ("Eurowag" or the "Group") Appointment of Joint Corporate Broker W.A.G payment solutions plc ("Eurowag" or the "Group"), a leading technology company and an important partner to Europe's Commercial Road Transport ("CRT") industry, is pleased to announce the appointment of Investec Bank PLC ("Investec") as joint corporate broker to work alongside Peel Hunt LLP, the Group's existing corporate broker, with immediate effect. ENQUIRIES Eurowag Carolina Orozco VP Investor Relations and Communications +44 (0) 75 5537 3873 investors@eurowag.com Sodali & Co Justin Griffiths, Gilly Lock IR and international media +44 (0)20 7250 1446 eurowag@sodali.com Peel Hunt LLP Neil Patel, Benjamin Cryer, Alice Lane, Kate Bannatyne +44 (0)20 7418 8900 Investec Bank PLC Kamalini Hull, David Anderson, James Smith, Gordon Hamilton +44 (0)20 7597 5970 About Eurowag Eurowag was founded in 1995 and is a leading technology company and an important partner to Europe's commercial road transport industry, with a purpose to make it clean, fair and efficient. Eurowag enables trucking companies to successfully transition to a low carbon, digital future by harnessing all mission critical data, insights and payment and financing transactions into a single ecosystem and connects their operations seamless before a journey, on the road and post-delivery. Eurowag is listed on the London Stock Exchange (LSE:EWG) and is a constituent of the FTSE 250. investors.eurowag.com This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies W.A.G Payment Solutions (EWG) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 19 hours ago Diageo 19 hours ago Diageo 19 hours ago TotalEnergies SE 19 hours ago PayPoint 19 hours ago Barclays All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and