BETA Close X W.A.G. payment solutions PLC reports a block listing six-monthly return as of October 31, 2025, for its Employee Share Plan (ESP) and Long Term Incentive Plan (LTIP). The balance of unallotted securities from the previous return was 5,548,210. During the period from May 1, 2025, to October 31, 2025, the block scheme was not increased. The number of securities issued/allotted under the schemes during this period was 1,944,616. Consequently, the balance under the schemes not yet issued/allotted at the end of the period is 3,603,594. Disclaimer* Eurowag 31 October 2025 W.A.G. payment solutions PLC BLOCK LISTING SIX MONTHLY RETURN Date: 31 October 2025 Name of applicant : W.A.G payment solutions PLC Name of scheme: W.A.G. payment solutions PLC Employee Share Plan ("ESP") and the W.A.G payment solutions plc - Long Term Incentive Plan ("LTIP") Period of return: From: 1 May 2025 To: 31 October 2025 Balance of unallotted securities under scheme(s) from previous return: 5,548,210 Plus: The amount by which the block scheme(s) has been increased since the date of the last return (if any increase has been applied for): 0 Less: Number of securities issued/allotted under scheme(s) during period (see UKLR 20.6.7G): 1,944,616 Equals: Balance under scheme(s) not yet issued/allotted at end of period: 3,603,594 Name of contact: Victoria Penrice FCG Telephone number of contact: 07920421819 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies W.A.G Payment Solutions (EWG) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 19 hours ago Diageo 19 hours ago Diageo 19 hours ago TotalEnergies SE 19 hours ago PayPoint 19 hours ago Barclays All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and