BETA Close X Eurowag announced that Sophie Krishnan will step down as a Director on February 28, 2026, after joining the Board on March 1, 2024, and serving as Chair of the Remuneration Committee since February 21, 2025. The Company will search for a successor and provide an update in due course. Disclaimer* Eurowag 11 December 2025 ​11 December 2025 W.A.G. payment solutions plc ("Eurowag" or the "Company") Board change The Company today announces that Sophie Krishnan has given the Board notice of her intention to step down as Director of the Company on 28 February 2026. Sophie joined the Board on 1 March 2024 and became Chair of the Remuneration Committee on 21 February 2025. The Board will seek to appoint a successor to Sophie and will provide an update when appropriate. Steve Dryden, Chair, said: "On behalf of the Board, I would like to thank Sophie for her commitment to the success of Eurowag, especially her insight into the development of Eurowag's digital platform. Her contribution as Remuneration Committee chair has been considerable, advocating strongly for the voice of shareholders." ENQUIRIES: Eurowag Ingrid Diaz Investor Relations Manager +44 (0) 79 4090 5170 Investors - Eurowag (LSE: EWG) Sodali & Co Justin Griffiths, Gilly Lock IR and international media +44 207 250 1446 eurowag@s odali.com About Eurowag Eurowag was founded in 1995 and is a leading technology company and an important partner to Europe's commercial road transport industry, with a purpose to make it clean, fair and efficient. Eurowag enables trucking companies to successfully transition to a low carbon, digital future by harnessing all mission critical data, insights and payment and financing transactions into a single ecosystem and connects their operations seamless before a journey, on the road and post-delivery. http://www.eurowag.com This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies W.A.G Payment Solutions (EWG) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 19 hours ago Diageo 19 hours ago Diageo 19 hours ago TotalEnergies SE 19 hours ago PayPoint 19 hours ago Barclays All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and