BETA Close X W.A.G payment solutions plc announced the grant of a Super Long Term Incentive Plan option to acquire 3,131,551 shares to Chief Financial Officer Oskar Zahn on October 1, 2025. The award, structured as an option with a nominal price of 1p per share, aligns with the Directors' Remuneration Policy approved on September 3, 2025. Vesting will occur on the third anniversary of the grant, contingent upon continued service and adjusted cash EBITDA performance. The option is exercisable from vesting until the tenth anniversary of the grant date and is subject to a two-year post-vesting holding period, net of tax. Disclaimer* Eurowag 02 October 2025 W.A.G payment solutions plc (the "Company" or "Eurowag") Notification and public disclosure of transactions by PDMR Super LTIP Award W.A.G payment solutions plc a leading pan-European integrated payments and mobility platform focused on the Commercial Road Transportation ("CRT") industry, today announces that the following award ("Award") in relation to ordinary shares of £0.01 each in the Company was granted on 1 October 2025 under the Company's Long Term Incentive Plan ("LTIP") to the following person discharging managerial responsibilities: Participant Position Details of Awards Oskar Zahn Chief Financial Officer Super Long Term Incentive Plan option to acquire 3,131 , 551 shares The Award aligns to the new Directors' Remuneration Policy, which was approved by shareholders at the EGM on 3 September 2025, and will ordinarily vest on the third anniversary of grant subject to continued service and subject to a performance condition based on adjusted cash EBITDA. Full details of the performance condition can be found in the Directors' Remuneration Policy as set out in the EGM notice dated 5 August 2025. The Award is structured as an option with a nominal option price of 1p per share and is subject to a two-year post vesting holding period (net of tax). Subject to the terms of the LTIP once exercisable the Awards are exercisable from vesting until the tenth anniversary of the grant date. The information set out below is provided in accordance with the requirements of Article 19 of the UK Market Abuse Regulation. 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / person closely associated a) Name Oskar Zahn 2 Reason for Notification a) Position/status Chief Financial Officer b) Initial notification/Amendment Initial Announcement 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name W.A.G payment solutions plc b) LEI 213800HU63CWV5J8YK95 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Identification code Ordinary Shares of 1 penny each ISIN GB00BLGXWY71 b) Nature of the transaction Grant of share option c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) Nil 3 , 131 , 551 shares d) Aggregated information - Aggregated volume - Price N/A single transaction Nil e) Date of the transaction 1 October 2025 f) Place of the transaction Outside of a trading venue ENQUIRIES: Eurowag Carla Bloom VP Investor Relations and Communications +44 (0) 789 109 4542 investors@eurowag.com Sodali & Co Justin Griffiths, Gilly Lock IR and international media +44 (0)20 7100 6451 eurowag@sodali.com About Eurowag Eurowag was founded in 1995 and is a leading technology company and an important partner to Europe's commercial road transport industry, with a purpose to make it clean, fair and efficient. Eurowag enables trucking companies to successfully transition to a low carbon, digital future by harnessing all mission critical data, insights and payment and financing transactions into a single ecosystem and connects their operations seamless before a journey, on the road and post-delivery. http://www.eurowag.com This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies W.A.G Payment Solutions (EWG) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 19 hours ago Diageo 19 hours ago Diageo 19 hours ago TotalEnergies SE 19 hours ago PayPoint 19 hours ago Barclays All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and