BETA Close X Eurowag will host a live presentation regarding its Half year results 2025 via Investor Meet Company on Monday, September 8, 2025, at 10:00 BST. The presentation is accessible to all existing and potential shareholders. Questions can be submitted through the Investor Meet Company dashboard before Friday, September 7, 2025, at 09:00 BST, or during the live presentation. Interested parties can register for free on the Investor Meet Company platform to attend. Disclaimer* Eurowag 02 September 2025 LEI: 213800HU63CWV5J8YK95 2 September 2025 W.A.G payment solutions plc ("Eurowag" or the "Company") Investor Presentation via Investor Meet Company W.A.G payment solutions plc is pleased to announce that Carla Bloom, Vice President of Investor Relations and Communications, will provide a live presentation relating to the Half year results 2025 via Investor Meet Company on Monday, 8 September 2025, 10:00 BST. The presentation is open to all existing and potential shareholders. Questions can be submitted pre-event via your Investor Meet Company dashboard up until Friday, 7 September 2025, 09:00 BST, or at any time during the live presentation. Investors can sign up to Investor Meet Company for free and add to meet W.A.G payment solutions plc via: https://www.investormeetcompany.com/wag-payment-solutions-plc/register-investor Investors who already follow W.A.G payment solutions plc on the Investor Meet Company platform will automatically be invited. ENQUIRIES Eurowag Carla Bloom VP Investor Relations and Communications +44 (0) 789 109 4542 investors@eurowag.com Sodali & Co Justin Griffiths, Gilly Lock IR and international media +44 (0)20 7100 6451 eurowag@sodali.com About Eurowag Eurowag was founded in 1995 and is a leading technology company and an important partner to Europe's CRT industry, with a purpose to make it clean, fair and efficient. Eurowag enables trucking companies to successfully transition to a low carbon, digital future by harnessing all mission critical data, insights and payment and financing transactions into a single ecosystem and connects their operations seamless before a journey, on the road and post-delivery. investors.eurowag.com This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies W.A.G Payment Solutions (EWG) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 19 hours ago Diageo 19 hours ago Diageo 19 hours ago TotalEnergies SE 19 hours ago PayPoint 19 hours ago Barclays All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and