Director/PDMR Shareholding Eurowag 16 April 2025 W.A.G payment solutions plc (the "Company" or "Eurowag") Notification and public disclosure of transactions by PDMR Deferred Bonus Awards W.A.G payment solutions plc a leading pan-European integrated payments and mobility platform focused on the Commercial Road Transportation ("CRT") industry, today announces that on 15 April 2025 the following awards ("Awards") in relation to ordinary shares of 1 penny each in the Company were granted under the Company's Deferred Bonus Share Plan ("DBSP") to the following persons discharging managerial responsibilities: Participant Position Details of Award Martin Vohánka Chief Executive Officer and Founder Award over 142,084 notional Shares Oskar Zahn Chief Financial Officer Award over 255,304 Shares The Awards relate to the Directors' Remuneration Policy aligned deferral of one-third of annual bonus for 2024 and will ordinarily vest on the third anniversary of grant subject to continue service. The Award to Mr Vohánka is necessarily over notional Shares and is limited to settlement in cash by reference to the value of the notional Shares at time of exercise. The Award to Mr Zahn is structured as an option with an option price of 1 penny per Share. Subject to the terms of the DBSP, once exercisable the Awards are exercisable from vesting until the tenth anniversary of the grant date. The information set out below is provided in accordance with the requirements of Article 19 of the UK Market Abuse Regulation. 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / person closely associated a) Name 1. Martin Vohánka 2. Oskar Zahn 2 Reason for Notification a) Position/status 1. Chief Executive Officer and Founder 2. Chief Financial Officer b) Initial notification/Amendment Initial Announcement 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name W.A.G payment solutions plc b) LEI 213800HU63CWV5J8YK95 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Identification code Ordinary Shares of 1 penny each ISIN GB00BLGXWY71 b) Nature of the transaction Deferred Bonus Awards under the Company's Deferred Share Bonus Plan. The Award to Mr Vohánka is necessarily over notional Shares and is limited to settlement in cash by reference to the value of the notional Shares at time of exercise. The Award to Mr Zahn is structured as an option with an option price of 1 penny per Share. c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) 1. Nil 1. 142,084 Notional Shares 2. Nil 2. 255,304 Shares d) Aggregated information - Aggregated volume - Price N/A single transactions Nil e) Date of the transaction 15 April 2025 f) Place of the transaction Outside of a trading venue ENQUIRIES: Eurowag Carla Bloom Head of Investor Relations and Communications +44 (0) 789 109 4542 investors@eurowag.com About Eurowag Eurowag was founded in 1995 and is a leading technology company and an important partner to Europe's CRT industry, with a purpose to make it clean, fair and efficient. Eurowag enables trucking companies to successfully transition to a low carbon, digital future by harnessing all mission critical data, insights and payment and financing transactions into a single ecosystem and connects their operations seamless before a journey, on the road and post-delivery. http://www.eurowag.com This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies W.A.G Payment Solutions (EWG) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 19 hours ago Diageo 19 hours ago Diageo 19 hours ago TotalEnergies SE 19 hours ago PayPoint 19 hours ago Barclays All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and