BETA Close X As of September 30, 2025, Eurowag announced its total issued ordinary share capital comprises 692,248,440 ordinary shares with a nominal value of £0.01 each, with each share carrying one voting right. The company holds no shares in treasury. Therefore, the total number of voting rights is 692,248,440. This figure is relevant for shareholders needing to calculate their notification requirements regarding their interest in the company under the Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rules. Disclaimer* Eurowag 30 September 2025 30 September 2025 W.A.G. payment solutions plc (the "Company" or "Eurowag") Total Voting Rights For the purposes of the Financial Conduct Authority's Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rules, the Company's total issued ordinary share capital as of 30 September 2025 comprised 692,248,440 ordinary shares of £0.01 each with one voting right per share. The Company does not hold any shares in treasury. Therefore, the total number of voting rights in Eurowag is 692,248,440. The above figure may be used by shareholders as the denominator for the calculations by which they will determine if they are required to notify their interest in, or a change to their interest in, the Company under the Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rules. Victoria Penrice FCG Company Secretary This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies W.A.G Payment Solutions (EWG) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 19 hours ago Diageo 19 hours ago Diageo 19 hours ago TotalEnergies SE 19 hours ago PayPoint 19 hours ago Barclays All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and