Notice of GM Eurowag 06 August 2025 6 August 2025 Extraordinary general meeting W. A. G. payment solutions plc ("Eurowag" or the "Company") announces that it will convene an Extraordinary General Meeting to be held at 4.00pm (BST) on Wednesday 3 September 2025 at Third Floor (East), Albemarle House, 1 Albemarle Street, London W1S 4HA. The purpose of the EGM is to seek shareholder approval for the following resolutions: RESOLUTION 1 That the proposed new Directors' Remuneration Policy, set out in the Appendix to the Notice, be approved and take effect upon such approval. RESOLUTION 2 That: (a) the amendments to the rules of the W.A.G. payment solutions plc Long-Term Incentive Plan (" LTIP ") summarised in the Explanatory Notes to this Notice be approved (the amended LTIP rules having been produced to the General Meeting and initialled by the Chair for the purposes of identification); and (b) the Board be authorised to do all acts and things which they may consider necessary or expedient for the purposes of bringing the amended LTIP rules into effect. A shareholder circular (the "circular") containing the notice of meeting, the full text of the resolutions and explanatory statements will be sent to shareholders on or around the 8 th August 2025, and will also be available on the Company's website ( www.eurowag.com ) and via the National Storage Mechanism. Shareholders are encouraged to appoint a proxy and submit their voting instructions in advance of the meeting in accordance with the instructions set out in the circular. ENQUIRIES Eurowag Carla Bloom VP Investor Relations and Communications +44 (0) 789 109 4542 investors@eurowag.com About Eurowag Eurowag was founded in 1995 and is a leading technology company and an important partner to Europe's CRT industry, with a purpose to make it clean, fair and efficient. Eurowag enables trucking companies to successfully transition to a low carbon, digital future by harnessing all mission critical data, insights and payment and financing transactions into a single ecosystem and connects their operations seamless before a journey, on the road and post-delivery. http://www.eurowag.com This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies W.A.G Payment Solutions (EWG) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 19 hours ago Diageo 19 hours ago Diageo 19 hours ago TotalEnergies SE 19 hours ago PayPoint 19 hours ago Barclays All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and