Transforming
the European
transportation
industry

Annual Report and Accounts 2023
‘Company number 1 13544823,

Creating our industry's
first digital platform

Eurowag is a leading
pan-European integrated
payment and mobility platform,
focused on the commercial
road transport (“CRT”) industry.

We want to help the CRT
industry become clean,
fair and efficient through
our comprehensive and
unique suite of services.

Scan the QR code or visit:
www.investors.eurowag.com

StrategicReport Corporate Governance

Highlights

Financial highlights

Wetrevenue Adjusted EBITDA margin
€256.5m 42.4%

‘su “Ope

Tae gone “Dopp genie

Financial Statements

Loss before tax* Adjusted basic earnings

per share (cents/share)*
€(39.3)m 6.49
Aduitedprombetotor oR
tem “2 organk

EUROWAG Annual Report and Accounts 2023

Basic earnings per shar

(cents/share)

(0.02) 2023
mom 2a
200 154

+ Please reterto the Financial eview on page 32 fra ful explanation o highlights, Including organic, and to Note of the Financial statements fo a definton of he alternative performance measures

Operational highlights

18,379

average number of active
payment solutions customers

93,882

average number of active

8.4%

2023 18.378

2022 16.950,

zon 15020

Contents

Strategic report

1 Contents and KPI 10. Ourservices
hightignts Our integrated digital

2 Chairman's statement platform

4 Ourhistory 18 Business mode!

5 Investment case 20. Chief Executive Officer's

6 Market overview review

7 Industry trends 23 Our strategy

8 Ataglance 25 KPls

28 Section 172
32 Financial review

Sustainability targets

50% 20%

reduction of carbon emissions _reductionof customers’ carbon

from own operations by 2030 emissions intensity by 2030
0.9% 05%

2023 aasatcoe' 2023 72,99¢0,0/%m

2022 aarercoe 202 70.7 9copnkm

pom 28671C0,0 20 712 ¢c0,0/%m

Notes:

1 COye 0° tomes of carbon dove equivalent,
2. From baseine year 201
Pleas rete tothe Susainablity section on page 51 fra flexplantion.

Governance
39 Risk management 78 Chairman's introduction
47 Viability statement and to governance
Going concern 80 Board of Directors
51 Sustainability 84 Corporate governance
65 TCFO report
76 Non-financial and 93 Nomination and

Governance Committee
feport

97° Audit and Risk
Committee report

106 Remuneration report

125 Directors’ report

sustainability
information statement

epresentation in
“allpeople leaders” group
by 2025,

+4pp.

2022 38%
2022 a
2021 2x

Financial statements

130 Independent Auditors’
report

136 Consolidated financial
statements

140 Notes to the consolidated
financial statements

194 Company financial
statements,

196 Notes to the Company
financial statements

Other information
201 Glossary
202 Company information

2 EUROWAG Annual Report and Accounts 2023 Strategic Report Corporate Governance Financial Statements

Chairman's statement,

Continued delivery for our stakeholders

Dear fellow shareholders,

During 2023, the Group continued to deliver
robust growth despite macro pressures, during
‘a period of economic instability in the European
markets. The macro factors included the
continued war in Ukraine, the conflict in the
Middle East, high interest rates and inflation,
which have impacted the CRT industry through
‘a slowdown in freight demand. Our purpose to
help the CRT industry become clean, fair and
efficient is becoming increasingly important.

Eurowag continues to make significant
progress towards developing an integrated

digital platform and securing its position as a
leader in the digitisation of the CRT industry.

Delivering growth

|lam delighted that, through an environment of
‘economic instability, the Group was able to
deliver double-digit organic growth in 2023,
The continued performance against the
multi-year background of macroeconomic
headwinds across Europe demonstrates the
resilience of Eurowag’s business model

M&A and integration
| was pleased that our Company was abe to
complete the acquisition of Grupa Inelo S.A
(nelo") during March 2023. neo's presence
in Central and Eastern Europe ("CEE") as 2
provider of integrated transport technology to
the CRT industry wil alow our Group to build,
scale and strengthen our footprint in the core
markets of Poland and Slovenia

During the year, Eurowag completed the
integration of WebEye Telematics Zrt
("Webeye"l, which was acquired during the
summer of 2022, including the alignment of
sales forces into a single agile team. The
‘ongoing work to integrate Inelo is prioritising
cross-sell opportunities and the consolidation
of the product line and will continue
throughout 2024,

Digital platform

(Our MBA strategy has been directed to the
development of our digital platform and the
Group has made significant progress towards a
single end-to-end digital platform where
customers can access all Eurowag's services.
The platform is supported through establishing
a data platform that improves our data and
analytics, and reporting governance which
will be important for customers as the
Industry digitises.

Strategic Report Corporate Governance

a

Financial Statements,

Eurowag continues to make significant progress towards
developing an integrated digital on-road platform.”

Confidence in the Eurowag team
| would lke to extend my gratitude, and that of
our Board, to Eurowag’s employees for their
contribution, dedication and hard work during
2023, and without whom the Group's
achievements would not have been possible.
‘The success of our Group in the past year and.
for the future is due to the people that made it
possible, which is increasingly true as Eurowag
continues to grow and deliver on its promises.
through difficult macro conditions.

Environmental, social and
governance ("ESG")
commitments

Our Board remains committed to Eurowag's aim
tohelp the CRT industry become clean, fair
‘and efficient. That ambition is supported by our
climate and sustainability targets which were
set during 2021 and 2022 and complemented
by robust governance and a strong belief in our
‘goal from our employees.

| encourage shareholders to read more in our
Engaging with stakeholders section on page 28
{and the Sustainability section which includes
‘our reporting against the Task Force on Climate-
related Financial Disclosures ("TCFD") targets,
(on page 51 of this Annual Report and Accounts.
You can also find more information in our
Sustainability report, available on our website.

Board changes

During the year, there were several changes to
the Board, Magdalena Bartos stepped down as
Chief Financial Officer, and we welcomed Oskar
Zahn to the role. Caroline Brown, who chaired
our Audit and Risk Committee, stepped down as
Independent Non-Executive Director and Steve
Dryden joined us as Independent Non-
Executive Director, taking on the responsibility
Of chairing the Audit and Risk Committee,

‘Subsequent to the year end, we welcomed
Sophie Krishnan and Kevin Li Ying to the Board,
as Independent Non-Executive Directors,
‘Susan Hooper is stepping down from the Board
at the Annual General Meeting ("AGM") in May.

| would like to thank Magdalena, Caroline and
‘Susan for their contribution to the Board and
the Company as a whole,

The future

Looking forward to 2024, our Board will ensure
that we continue to deliver on the commitments
‘made during, and since, our IPO. Our Company
Continues to grow its addressable market whilst
strengthening its market position, In 2024, the
‘Company's focus continues to be on the
integration of acquisitions, the 4 soft launch
‘of the digital platform, and management of
debt, which has grown following the acquisition
of inelo,

Paul Manduca
Chairman

[EUROWAG Annual Report and Accounts 2023

4 [EUROWAG Annus! Report snd Accounts 2023

Our history

Strategic Report Corporate Governance Financial Statements

Journey to an integrated digital platform

Payment provider for energy
and toll payments

Expansion 1995-2016

Payment provider for energy and toll payments

+ Bullding customer loyalty as a fuel card and toll
payments provider

+ From regional to leading CEE player

Pan-European fuel and toll proprietary network

Providing credit limits to our fuel card customers

key:
Products

Payments. and services

Financing

Digital provider
of services

Accumulation 2017-2022

Digital provider of services

+ Acquiring and developing a broader suite of services,
with data at the core

+ Evolving strategy to address key CRT challenges
+ Focusing on mission critical products for our customers
+ One-stop shop for data solutions.

+ Piloting systems integration

Load and
dispatch

Payments and
financing provider

End-to-end integrated
digital platform

Integration 2023+

Delivering an industry-first, end-to-end integrated
platform, driving efficiency and supporting
decarbonisation

+ Al, data and connectivity at the heart of value creation
+ Cross-selling centric design

+ Scalability via strong digital and indirect original
equipment manufacturer ("OEM") sales channels

StrategicReport CorporateGovernance Financial Statements EUROWAG Annual Report and Accounts 2023

Investment case

Proven track record of growth

Resilience through business cycles

With around 30% net revenue and adjusted EBITDA CAGR over
five years

Transforming our industry

The CRT industry is still very analogue, with complex administrative tasks, inefficient
processes and operators that do not have access to technology or data insights and
have litle to no access to working capital. All these inefficiencies lead to pollution, in
an industry that already creates >7% of the EU's carbon emissions’.

We believe that through digitisation and our integrated platform we can help the
industry to prosper and become clean, fair and efficient.

An industry in need of transformation

Significant market opportunity 1 Pages
jith €9 billion addressable market today Trends in our markets
2 Page?
Connecting a fragmented industry
3 Pages
; 4 Payment solutions
Robust business model Page 10
With around 42% adjusted EBITDA margin Mobility solutions
5 Page 12
An integrated digital platform
6 Page 14
Integrated digital platform will unlock significant value 7 Afairand tow-carbon future
for our customers and industry Page 51
Improvements in revenue, cash flow and carbon reduction Wat:

1. Seurce:htps:/lopcurapeeufen/pubiation-detal-fpubcation/49362403-7157-1ee-0220-01287SeT7%}.

6 [EUROWAG Annus! Report and Accounts 2029 Strategic Report CorporateGovernance Financial Statements

Market overview -

1 An industry in need of transformation

The European CRT industry plays an essential role in The size of the European CRT market
the economy. It serves as the pillar of the logistics and
supply chain network, and it provides for 20 million

. ) ~EY

jobs across Europe’, from manufacturers to logistics — 26% 5%

professionals, drivers, retailers and administrative staff. 91m Of CRT trucks in Europe arebasedinCEE of European GDP
Number of CRT trucks in Europe

It serves as the primary means of transportation of goods across the CRT trucks ~20m

continent (75% of gross tonne kilometres driven are done via roads", andit is” Share of CRT trucks in CEE

vital for international trade, while also contributing to regional and economic CRT-related jobs in Europe

development. The CRT industry significantly contributes to the gross
domestic product ("GDP") of European countries and trucks play a key role
in connecting manufacturers, suppliers and consumers. There are over 9
mition commercial vehicles in Europe®, ranging from light vehicles (under 3.5,
tonnes) to heavy (over 12 tonnes)

Analogue Complex Fragmented Constrained Low Low Environmental
utilisation profitability impact

<13% 30+ >90% Limited 30% 3-5% >7%

of road transport administrative tasks of operators are small access to finance

‘companies are for every journey ‘and medium-sized restricts earnings of trucks on the road margins of greenhouse gas

digitised enterprises ("SMES") potential are empty* emissions ("GHG")
and lack access in Europe?

to technology and
data insights*

1 Source: Eurostatintenal company estimate 2. Source
2. Source: CVDO, page 40, iesued 05/2021, 86. 4, Soutce: 866 Digs Acceleration Index. 6, Source: Internal company estimates.

tS Markt Vehicle Parc, 01/2021, 5. Source: Eurostat. 7. Source: nto lop europa elen/pubetion-tal-1
publestin/49202403-7157-Nee-0220-01987Sed718,

Strategic Report Corporate Governance

Industry trends

Financial Statements

2 Trends in our market

Trend

Market disruption
and complexity

Digitalisation

Sustainability

Regulation

Description

‘The geopolitical situation, influenced by the Russian invasion of
Ukraine and more recently the war in the Middle East, high
inflation and interest rates, has led to a decrease in product,
manufacturing and demand, which in turn has affected the
‘overall number of kilometres driven.

While the adoption of digital technologies to optimise routes,
tracking and fleet management has been slow, operators are
seeing its advantage, as digitaisation will bring enhanced
efficiency and cost savings.

‘There has been an increased focus on corporate sustainability
reporting and due diligence practices. Ongoing regulatory
developments relating to CO, emissions standards and
‘measurements for CRT are aligned with the European Green Deal
and initiatives to address climate change.

‘The CRT industry is heavily regulated, with stricter mobility
packages being introduced that focus on adoption of cleaner
technologies, compliance with emissions standards and safety
standards for drivers

[EUROWAG AnnualReport and Accounts 2023

How we respond

With a long history spanning almost 30 years, we have become a trusted partner to our
customers, through our mission critical product offering, which provides reliability and
operational and financial visibility,

We are focused on developing an integrated digital platform that consolidates our services
into a single digital office. This will allow customers to manage their operations more
efficiently and automate daily tasks. We are also focused on scaling up our digital payment
solutions with real-time processing and fraud prevention, facilitating better financial
planning and operations management. By providing real-time data and analytics, we enable
Customers to identify areas for improvement, enhance profitability and reduce costs.

We leverage data and Al to enhance efficiency, and our solutions accelerate the prosperity
of our customers in a low-carbon future. By simplifying operations, increasing profitability
{and eliminating inefficiencies, our solutions empower customers to invest in sustainable
practices and retain more valve.

We ensure full regulatory compliance across VAT returns, toll operations and
‘measurement and calculation of CO, emissions, through our comprehensive customer
operations knowledge.

8 EUROWAG Annual Report ana Accounts 2023

Ata glance

StrategicReport Corporate Governance

3 Connecting a fragmented industry

We connect business owners, drivers,
dispatchers and accountants with
merchants in the fuel and alternative
energy networks, toll and tax
authorities, and other roadside and
mobility (data-centric) service providers

‘To meet the requirements of our customers, we
offer a comprehensive range of products that
simplifies the complexities and fragmentation
Inherent in the CRT industry. Our established
cross-sell strategy reinforces this offering, aiming
to establish lifelong customer relationships.

~1,800

Access provided across Europe:

Fuel stations

~13,000

Strategy Enablers

Read more on
page 23 14, 29 and 51

Our purpose
Tohelp make the CRT industry
clean far and efficient

Read more on pages 10,

Attract

Be in every truck

Engage

Drive customer centricity

Monetise

Grow core services

Retain

Expand platform
capability

Financial Statements

StrategicReport CorporateGovernance Financial Statements

ising the industry with
‘an end-to-end platform

Customers

Sales channels

Direct Indirect Digital

Products and services

Energy and tolls Roadside services
Financing Work time management
Fleot management Tax refund
‘Transport management Loads

Data and Internet of Things (“IoT”)

[EUROWAG Annual Report and Accounts 2023

Countries in which we operate

Fuel merchant, fuel customer, EETS and VAT refund
Fuel customer only!

Fuel merchant only?

Fuel customer and fuel merchant

eeTS?

VAT refund

1. Fuel customer counties: counties from where Eurowag customers orighnate
2. Fuelmerchant countries: counties where Exowag hs an acceptance network

43. The European Electronic Tol Service 'EETS" ls designed to enable the payment of ols trough a single contract, single
ETS provider anda single vencie device tvoughout the EU In Sweden ana Denmark, EETS Is proviged only on bidges.

10 EUROWAG Annual Report and Accounts 2023

Our services

4 Payment solutions

The payment solutions segment represents the largest
part of our business and it includes secure means of
energy payments through pre- or post-paid fuel cards
and toll payments. This is usually the first introduction
our customers have to our services.

Visit www.investors.eurowag.com/what-we-do/payment-solutions
Contribution to Group net revenue

2023
57.0%

2022
707%

StrategicReport CorporateGovernance Financial Statements

1 Energy payment solutions

We resell traditional and alternative fuel across Europe through
‘our Eurowag fuel card, which also allows our customers to pay
for tolls and roadside services. At the end of 2023, we had a
total of around 13,000 stations across 25 European countries,
‘As we continue to focus on supporting our customers in the
transition to alternative fuels, at the end of 2023 we had a total
of 387 liquefied natural gas' ("LNG") stations, which represents
more than half of the European market. Our compressed natural
gas? ("CNG") network had 184 stations.

2. Toll payment solutions

Similar to our energy payment solutions, our toll solution offers
ur customers the option to pre- or post-pay on European toll
road networks. Through our enhanced vehicle assistant ("EVA")
‘on-board unit ("OBL"), our customers can use one device to
navigate EETS, while at the same time taking advantage of our
other integrated services, such as fleet management and.

fraud prevention.

During 2023, we saw an almost four times increase in devices
sold, compared to 2022. We have ETS licences in Germany,
Belgium, Austria, Poland and bridges in Sweden and Denmark,
and this year we received certification for Czech Republic,
Hungary, Spain and Portugal. We continue to apply for EETS
licences across Europe, and can provide tolling services in 23,
countries and five major tunnels across Europe, and co-operate
with 80 partners.

quelled natural gas erature as that has been cooled down to qui form,
[Natura gas bums signiianty cleaner and produces lower emission of up,
riage and eatbon dioxide nto the atmosphere
2. Compressed natura gas natural gas under pressure that remains odouress,
clear and non-covosive, Teter, isa greener cheaper and more etcent ue