*ACSETI20*

HM

10/06/2023
MPANIES HO!

W.A.Ce PAY MENT
SOLUTIONS LC
(0? 43544825)

-FACATHNBH® ,
24/05/2023

Creating a
sustainable
future

(

Contents

01 Overview
02 Ataglance
04 Our history

08 Chairman's statement
10 Our unique suite of services

14 Market overview

18 Business model

20. Section 172

24 CEOS report

30 Our strategy

32 Key performance indicators

34 Financial review

44 Risk management

54 Viability statement

58 Sustainability

109 Non-financial information statement

114 Letter from the Chairman

116 Board of Directors

120 Corporate Governance Report
125 Nomination Committee Report
129 Audit and Risk Committee Report
138 Remuneration Report

162 Directors’ Report

170 Independent Auditors’ Report
180 Consolidated Statement of
‘Comprehensive Income
Consolidated Statement of
Financial Position
Consolidated Statement of
Changes in Shareholders’ Equity
184 Consolidated Statement
of Cash Flows
185 Notes to the Financial
Statements
250 Company Statement of
Financial Position
251 Company Statement of Changes
in Shareholders’ Equity
252 Notes to the Financial Statements

18

18:

8

260 Glossary
261 Company information

eurowag.com

Overview

2022 KPls highlights

Financial KPls

Net energy and Adjusted EBITDA Adjusted basic
services sales margin (%) earnings per share
(cents/share)
t.)
€190.9m 42.8% 5.75
2021: €153.1m 2021: 45.5% 2021: 5.77
Profit before tax (€) Basic earnings per

share (cents/share)

€28.0m 2.41

2021: €17.7m 2021: 1.54

> Please refer to page 213 in the Financial statements for a definition of alternative
performance measures

Operational KPIs

Sustainability targets :

1 "All people leaders” defined as Senior
Leadership Team, including CFO and
CEO, as well as all managers with at
least one direct report.

> Please refer to the Sustainability section on page 60

About the
company

Eurowag is a leading
pan-European integrated
payments and mobility
platform focused on

the commercial road
transport (“CRT”) industry.
We want to help the CRT industry
to become clean, fair, and efficient

through our comprehensive and
unique suite of services.

We connect business owners,
drivers, dispatchers, and accountants
with merchants in the fuel and
alternative energy networks, toll and
tax authorities, and other roadside
and mobility service providers.

Delivering solutions for our stakeholders

Customers Suppliers Employees Investors

> Page 21 > Page 21 > Page 22 > Page 22

Society Regulators
and the and
environment government
> Page 23 > Page 23

EUROWAG Annual Report and Accounts 2022

01

02

At a glance

Where we operate
and what we do

We connect business owners, drivers, dispatchers, and accountants with merchants in the
fuel and alternative energy networks, toll and tax authorities, and other roadside and mobility
service providers. To fulfil our customer needs, we provide an integrated product offering

or a one-stop shop approach that eases the complexities and fragmentation found in the
CRT industry, which differentiates us from the competition. We support our offering through
our proven cross-selling strategy that seeks to achieve lifetime customer relationships.

Our unique suite
of services

> Read more on pages 10 to 13.

Our customer's
journey

eurowag.com

1 Before the journey
> Plan the route

> Calculate expected costs
> Insure the trip

> Book freight ferries

1 Before the journey

Fleet dispatcher Hanna planned
the optimal route for Johann to
get to his destination. By using
Eurowagss data, acquired from
Johann's previous trips, she
calculated indicative costs,
secured the best insurance rate
for this journey, and was also
able to book Johann freight
ferry transport.

Johann

2 Ontheroad
> Pay for traditional and alternative energy
> Pay for tolls
> Navigate safely
> Communicate on the road

> Optimise fuel consumption

2 Ontheroad

Johann did not have to worry about
looking for a fuel station. He stopped

at the station suggested by Eurowag,
refuelled, and had a rest. Since he drove
across multiple countries, Johann took
advantage of Eurowags simplified toll
payment system, and paid for services
with Eurowag’s closed loop card.

“Eurowagss solutions helped me realise maximum efficiencies.”

Driver

Employees across all countries

>1,000

Access provided across Europe:
Fuel stations

~17,000

Charging points

360,000

> Locate charging points
> Parking, washing, truck repairs
> Roadside assistance

> Incidental cost coverage
{towing, fines, tyres)

On his journey, he was in constant
communication with Hanna and
other drivers. When he needed

to replace a tyre, Eurowag helped
Johann find a repair station quickly.

3. After the journey
> Process tax refunds

> Perform cross-border
currency exchange

> Use financial restructuring
and factoring

> Increase cost-effectiveness

3 Post delivery

After Johann completed his
journey, his company took
advantage of Eurowag’s tax

refund service and did not have

to wait to receive refund payments.
They were also pleased to see the
cost-effectiveness that Eurowag’s

solutions provided, from better price
of fuel and other services, lower fuel

usage, to tax refund and cheaper
insurance costs.

Key
Mobility solutions
> Fleet management services

> Location-based products
and services

> Other adjacent services
> Tax refund

Payment solutions

> Energy payments

> Toll payments

Clean, fair,
and efficient
from start
to finish

EUROWAG Annual Report and Accounts 2022

03

yoda, o1Ga;ens

BOUeUJaAD

‘syuawiaje)s |eIoueUly

g
5
8
3
g
3
Es
2
8

a

Our history

Our journey to an integrated
end-to-end digital platform

Founded in the Czech Republic in 1995 by CEO Martin Vohanka,
Eurowag has a rich history spanning over 25 years.

1995 2007 2014
> WA.G. Group > International > Launched
established as expansion of tax refund services
a petroleum fuel acceptance
product trader network in Europe
2008

> Opened first
offices in Slovakia,
Poland, Hungary,

2005 and Romania 2016
> Opened first > Launched
‘truck park in the 2008 ‘open-loop CRT

Czech Republic Customers card and fleet

management
~450

Locations

9

2000 2006
> Launched > Introduced Employees
payment services electronic solution

for toll payments 58

2014

> Acquisition of
Ceska Logisticka

1995 2000 2005 2006 2007 2008 2014 2016

Stage 1- Expansion

eurowag.com

2021
Introduced

mobile payments

2022
Customers

16,950

Locations
~30
Employees

>1,000

2022

> Acquisition of
substantially all of the
assets of WebEye
Telematics Zrt. ("‘Webeye")

> Agreement to acquire
the remaining stake in
Sygic a.s (“Sygic”)

> Strategic partnership
with JITpay™ Group
(ulTpay")

> investment in Last Mile
Solutions and Drivity

2018 2020
Obtained Payment Introduced
Institution Licence EVA integrated
regulated by Czech on-board unit
National Bank Obtained
electronic money
institution licence
2019
Introduced
eMobility and
alternative fuels
2017
Obtained licence
for European
Electronic Toll
Service provider
_ 2019
> Acquisition of
ADS and Sygic
2018
> Acquisition of Aldobec and
Hi Software Development 2021
2017

> Acquisition of Princip

2017 2018 2019 2020

Stage 2- Accumulation

> Acquisition of KomTeS

2021

2022

EUROWAG Annual Report and Accounts 2022

2023

> Acquisition of
Grupa Inelo S.A.
(‘inelo")

2023

05

yoda: a16a3enS5

@QUeUIaADD

syuawaje}s jeloueuly

|

uoeWoyU! JByIO

Stage 3-Integration

06

Strategic report

The solutions we create help
our customers stay ahead ina
competitive, fast moving industry

eurowag.com

2202 siunoooy pue uodey jenuuy ©vMOUNa

JUSIDIJA
4D
UDaID

Other information

| Governance
2

20. 08
oda) S030 Pz
Zei vous oz

se01n19s jo
wows

Strategic report

80
oda 26e0s

ZO

Chairman's statement

Continuing to deliver
for our stakeholders

Dear Fellow Shareholders,

In 2022, Eurowag continued to see strong growth during

a time of great instability across European economies.

The impact of the Russian war in Ukraine, rising energy and
fuel costs, and supply chain issues cannot be understated.
This is why our purpose to create sustainable, financial and
technological solutions for the benefit of our industry, society,
and the environment has never been more important.

In our first full year since listing on the London Stock
Exchange, Eurowag continued to take significant steps
towards becoming the ultimate on-road platform for our
customers. We are delivering on our promise to our investors
through growth plans that will ensure that we play an integral
role in the digitalisation of the CRT industry.

Confidence in Eurowag team

On behalf of the Board, | would like to express my sincere
thanks to Eurowag's employees - who deserve considerable
credit for the Group's achievements in 2022. They have
faced challenges in difficult markets and delivered a number
of significant acquisitions to help grow our business, while
at the same time, producing a performance in-line with

the Board's expectations. As the travel restrictions from
COVID-19 dissipated in 2022, fellow members of the Board
and | were able to visit our colleagues in Prague to gain
first-hand insights into the culture of the business.

eurowag.com

Organic and inorganic growth

1am pleased that the Company found a suitable solution

to complete the acquisition of Webeye in the summer.

Their established presence in Europe, with a total portfolio of
more than 58,000 connected trucks, will expand the Group's
overall customer base; Webeye's customers will gain access
to Eurowag's range of integrated end-to-end payment and
mobility solutions. This acquisition will create significant
opportunities for increasing revenue and potentially
enhancing our offering to clients.

In September, the Group entered into a strategic partnership
with JITpay. We currently have a minority stake in the
business, but also an option to increase our ownership

in the future. Access to JITpay’s suite of products, which
includes digitalised billing, invoice discounting, and
receivables management solutions, will help drive the
expansion of Eurowag's digital ecosystem, while
strengthening our geographical presence in Germany,

one of the largest trucking markets in Europe.

We were delighted to complete the acquisition of Inelo in
March 2023, following the approval from our shareholders
at March's General Meeting. Inelo is a leading fleet
management solution and working time management
software provider. This transaction will add a further
87,000 connected trucks to our network and solidify our
position in Central and Eastern Europe.

These acquisitions support our ambition to deliver a fully
integrated digital platform for the CRT industry.

In addition to M&A activity, the Group ended the year

with a strong set of results, despite the macro-economic
challenges faced across Europe. These results demonstrate
the resilience of Eurowag’s business model as well as the
mission critical nature of the solutions they provide to the
CRT industry. The Group continued to build its product and
technology capabilities in the year, with good progress made
on their transformational capex programme. Eurowag is
getting closer to being able to provide its customers all their
products through a digitally integrated end-to-end platform.

The Board is disappointed to see Eurowag's share price

has not reflected its strong financial and operational
performance over the last year, including meeting medium-
term guidance at the end of the Company's first full year as
a listed business. The market however was challenging for
all London listed companies in 2022, especially newly listed
businesses, and Eurowag unfortunately was no exception.
The management team have taken action and have increased
their shareholder engagement into 2023, through an internal
professional appointment and the appointment of new
corporate brokers.

Focus on integration

While the Board will continue to explore opportunities to
grow the business further in-line with our strategy, it is vital
that the Company focuses on ensuring the integration of our
recent acquisitions into our digital platform and maximising
our presence in Europe, while also continuing to deliver
dynamic solutions for our customers. As a Board, we also
look forward to working with our expanded team, knowing
that our new colleagues are integrated within our ways of
working, adopting our systems and policies, and embracing
our purpose, culture, and values.

rT |

We are delivering on our
promise to our investors through
growth plans that will ensure
that we play an integral role

in the digitalisation of the

CRT industry.”

Paul Manduca, Chairman

Environmental, social and

governance commitments

Sustainability and social responsibility remain integral to our
values. | believe this may only be achieved through strong
governance and the commitment from our people towards
our common goal.

The Board has renewed its commitment to helping the CRT
industry to become clean, fair, and efficient. In December,
we agreed a set of KPls and initiatives to help us achieve this
goal. | invite shareholders to read more in our Sustainability
section, which includes our reporting against TCFD targets,
on pages 60 to 108 of this Annual Report and Accounts.

Looking to the future

As we head into 2023, we will ensure that we deliver on
the promises made to investors during our IPO. We want to
continue to strengthen our market position, while ensuring
we fully integrate our acquisitions and maximise our
growth potential.

Paul Manduca ©
Chairman

EUROWAG Annual Report and Accounts 2022

09

yodas o169)e135

@OUUJBACD

squawaje}s jeloueuly

UOReWOJU! JBI

10

Our unique suite of services

Helping customers
stay on the road

We connect business owners, drivers, dispatchers, and accountants
with merchants in the fuel and alternative energy networks, toll and
tax authorities, and other roadside and mobility service providers.

At Eurowag, we split our business into two segments:

Payment solutions

Includes energy payments and toll payments

1 Energy payment solutions
2. Toll payment solutions

> More on page 11

Mobility solutions

Includes tax refund services, telematics,
smart navigation and other adjacent services

1 Tax refund services
2 Fleet management services

3 Location-based products
and services

4 Other adjacent services
> More on page 12

1 Group defined as WA.G payment solutions ple and its subsidiaries.

eurowag.com

1

Payment solutions

Payment solutions represent the majority part of our business and
include a secure means of energy payments through pre- or post-
paid fuel cards and toll payments. This is often the first introduction

customers have to our services.

Energy payment solutions

Eurowag was founded on bulk purchasing of traditional
fuel and transporting it to truck refuelling locations
across Europe. Over the last 27 years, Eurowag has
built-up its presence through adding acceptance points
(“POS”) and bunkering sites across Europe's main
truck transport corridor, known as the Trans-European
Transport Network ("TEN-T"), supplying both traditional
energy and alternative fuels. The TEN-T corridor is
important to us, as it allows us to build our coverage
across Europe. Refuelling sites near country borders
are equally important to our customers, as international
trucking companies can take advantage of cross-
border price differences.

Eurowag continues to focus on expanding its presence
in key markets, as well as entering new markets.
Today, Eurowag has approximately 17,000 POS

across 30 countries in Europe.

TEN-T is a network of roads, railways, airports and water infrastructure
in the European Union. The TEN-T network is part of a wider system of
Trans-European Networks, including a telecommunications network and
a proposed energy network.

Toll payment solutions

Each European country has its own tolling system

and regulations, with around 130 different toll chargers
across the continent. Cross-border drivers often need
a variety of on-board units ("OBUs”) and payment
solutions. Our toll payment solutions, like our energy
payment solutions, allow customers to pre-pay or
post-pay for their toll payments on European tolled-
road networks.

> Approximately two-thirds of customers use both
energy and toll payment solutions

> Operating in 23 European countries and 5 tunnels,
Eurowag offers tolling services in all countries that
charge tolls

> Tolling services are complex and diversified:
we enable toll payments through our proprietary
technology and through co-operation with over
80 partners. This allows us to constantly monitor
any changes and to provide full coverage to
our customers

European Electronic

Tolling Service

The EU steadily increases the requirements for
European member states to comply with the European
Electronic Tolling Service ("EETS"), aiming to create

a harmonised EU-wide toll system to simplify the
administrative burden and reduce associated costs.
We have taken the opportunity to build a proprietary
EETS toll payment solution that, from the outset,
integrates with our other services, such as fleet
management, fraud prevention, and fuel payment.

This creates a growing market opportunity, with
barriers to entry for competitors, and expansion
potential both on the tolling network and through
cross-sales to our customers or of other services.
This OBU, usually associated with a specific national
toll domain, helps record the number of tolled drives
and supports enforcement by national authorities. In
the past, international trucks had to use a variety of
OBU devices in a single trip. The EETS scheme enables
a single OBU to be used across different countries -
with one contract, one device, and one invoice.

EUROWAG Annual Report and Accounts 2022

11

yodas a16ayens

aaueusanog

syuawaye}s jeloueU!4

uoReWoyU! ayo

Our unique suite of services

Mobility solutions

The mobility solutions segment offers our customers tax refund services,
fleet management products, location-based products and services, and

other adjacent services.

Tax refund services

The tax refund services can be used by customers in
the 27 EU member states, as well as in the UK, Norway,
Turkey, Serbia, and North Macedonia, though partial
refund of excise duty ("ED") is for EU-based customers
only. After finishing their journey, our customers can
take advantage of our tax refund services, which
relieve the administrative burden and create good
customer retention, as it allows them to avoid waiting
for refund payments. Our services include tax refund
‘on standard VAT, ED partial refund, pre-financed

VAT, and advanced payment of excise duty. The fee
structure for each of these is defined by our pricing
grid and consists of a percentage of the application
and fixed fee for administration (e.g. registration,
change of service). We have also introduced various
financing options for our customers, such as net
invoicing, hybrid financing, and financing on demand.

Having digitised our operations in the tax refund
business, we can now use artificial intelligence (Al) to
extract data from documents to speed up the refund
process, and customers can use our online platform
to track the status of their refunds. Digitising our tax
refund business allows us to make better use of our
data collection and gives us greater insight into our
customers. We can then use this information to
cross-sell our other services to our customers,
creating loyalty and greater lifetime vaiue.

Fleet management services

Fleet management services are an addition to
Eurowag's unique range of solutions that provides
dispatchers and trucking companies with a better
understanding of their trucks. Using our proprietary
technology and product suite, customers can check
maintenance, fuel consumption, driving time, load, and
other metrics, and they have automatic and detailed
visibility over trips. This enables them to optimise
planning efficiency and increase cost-effectiveness.

> EVA- our proprietary OBU combines telematics,
toll and energy payments, and anti-fraud
protection capabilities

> Driving score and Perfect drive - both products
aim to reduce CRT emissions and improve the
safety and well-being of drivers, by enabling fleet
managers to recognise signs of distracted driving.
Perfect Drive also enables commercial vehicle
drivers to evaluate their driving style and optimise
fuel consumption and vehicle wear and tear, which
in turn leads to reduced insurance costs

> Efleet management - the introduction of a
single telematics solution for fleets, which combine
standard diesel/gas engines, battery-electric
vehicles, and plug-in hybrids, delivers significant
benefits to our customers. Additional metrics such
as state of charge, driving range, or battery state
of health can be gathered via the OBU with an
eMobility licence subscription. Using this data,
the dispatcher can assess the charging behaviour
of a plug-in hybrid vehicle user or manage home/
company charging, as well as plan trips for
electric vehicles

Location-products
and services

Sygic is our product brand for smart navigation and
location-based services.

> Sygic Professional Navigation for Trucks and
Fleets - more than 3,000 fleets and 4 million
professional drivers, including truckers, use
Sygic’s commercial routing as a part of integrated
automotive, telematics, and fleet management
solutions globally. With features to assist both
dispatchers and drivers, there are several business
models of Sygic Professional Navigation to suit the
needs of its indirect resellers’ network

> Road Lords ~ free-of-charge navigation,
communication, and social platform for truck drivers
and dispatchers. It includes a GPS navigation app
with specialised routing for truck and large vehicles,
with energy stations and parking data, information
‘on services, and supplies at any given site. Drivers
can share traffic information on their routes that
are available to all community users

> Sygic GPS Navigation App — Sygic GPS Navigation
for non-CRT users worldwide continued integrating
new subscription-based premium services and
features to fulfil the expectations of customers and
increase the safety of driving: Wrong-way drivers
warning, improvement of Al-based Traffic Sign
Recognition via a smartphone camera, revamp
of AR-based Real View Navigation mode, satellite
maps, simultaneous usage of phone camera-based
features and map navigation running on a car
display, or mirroring new features into CarPlay
and Android Auto connectivities

> Sygic GPS EMobility — eMobility customers can
locate charging points across Europe and use
different charge payment options through the
Sygic GPS navigation system

Other adjacent services

We are always looking for ways to support the
well-being and safety of truck drivers, so we also offer
several services that enable a streamlined experience:

> Parking - we offer a network of 330 parking sites
across Europe, where customers can pay using our
fuel cards

> Washing - we offer washing and tank-cleaning
services at our truck park in the Czech Republic
and customers can pay using our fuel cards at
acceptance network or partner co-operation sites
(1,050 sites across Europe)

> Truck repairs — we offer truck-repair services at
440 sites across Europe via partner co-operation

> Freight ferry booking - our customers can book
ferries via partners’ portals and use Eurowag
payment systems

> Pre- and post-paid payment card issued by a
third party - these can be used for services not
related to energy, such as towing, fines, or tyres

> Roadside assistance - we provide 24-hour
roadside assistance

> ClientFX - we provide cross-border currency
exchange services, which allow customers to
Pay invoices in the currency of their choice

> Insurance - we connect customers to local
insurance plans

> €urowag Cash - we connect customers with
factoring providers

EUROWAG Annual Report and Accounts 2022

13

yodas o16a3e45

@OURUaADD

syuawaye}s |eIoueuly

uoneWojU! IBY

14

Market overview

Capturing opportunities of
the European CRT market

We operate in the large and growing European CRT industry and our
main focus is international and domestic, small and medium-sized

enterprises ("SMEs") fleets.

European CRT is an industry with an approximate turnover
of €400 billion’, which is central to all aspects of the
European economy, generating 5% of GDP? and employing
over 20 million people’. The CRT sector is the backbone of
all other manufacturing and retail industries. However, it is

Market characteristics

> Highly fragmented industry
According to market data, approximately 99% of the
industry's CRT companies in the EU have fewer than
50 employees’, with limited opportunities to scale their
businesses, as they face challenges in managing
operations and have less bargaining power.

The European market is also highly fragmented in terms

of merchants, multiple currencies, and languages usage.

> Low adoption of digital solutions
The digital adoption rate for logistics service providers,
at 13%, is substantially lower than in most industries.
64% of truck executives? say that their organisation's
future success depends on digital reinvention. Since
typical transport operators are usually small in size,
they find it difficult to digitise their operations, as this
requires investment.

> Limited ability to optimise operations
Fleet operators often have to perform both complex
and manual workioads, and drivers also need to tend to
non-driving-related activities. Participants do not have
the profitability, purchasing power, or access to finance
and expertise to invest in operational improvements.

1 Source: Eurostat
2 Source: Joint Research Centre
3. Source: IBM: Truck 2030: Digitally reinventing for the long haul

eurowag.com

an unloved and polluting industry. It creates 9%' of the
EU's carbon emissions and suffers from global supply
chain issues, changing consumer demands, and a
growing regulatory burden.

> Demand for a comprehensive,
integrated, one-stop offering
Our customers and partners are looking to streamline
their operations through a seamless offering across
payments, financing, mobility solutions, load, and
dispatch. This will allow them to remove inefficiencies
across multiple products and services.

> Constant focus on optimising
working capital
SMEs in the CRT sector have less access to capital.
This leaves room for many opportunities for us to create
efficiencies through technology, especially through the
strategic partnership with JITpay, which enables us to

add invoice discounting, digitalised billing, and receivables

management capabilities to our services.

> Ahighly regulated market both
locally and Europe-wide

Carriers must work their way through a myriad of
sustainability, safety, and local regulations.

The size of the European
CRT market*

In 2020, companies in

the CRT sector spent

€10.1 billion in net
revenues, pooled across
fuel-card payments, toll, tax,
and similar market solutions®.

Nous

A 5% CAGR by 2025

This expenditure is
expected to increase

to €12.7 billion by 2025,
representing a compound
annual growth rate ("CAGR")
of approximately 5%°.

Source: IHS Markit; Eurostat

‘Source: IHS Markit Vehicle Parc, 01/2021

Source: internal estimates

Diesel exhaust fluid (DEF; also known as AUS 32 and marketed as
AdBlue) is a liquid used to reduce the amount of air pollution created
by a diesel engine.

Disruptions on the European
energy markets in 2022

In 2022, there were significant disruptions in the European
energy market, which began with the Russian invasion of
Ukraine. European natural gas and crude oil markets have
become extremely volatile, with prices reaching historic
peaks following the invasion and in Q2-Q3.

This resulted in several disruptions impacting the
CRT market:

> constraints to AdBlue’ availability when gas prices
are high

> product balance disruptions, particularly in Central
and Eastern European ("CEE") markets led to lack of
import of refined products, especially diesel, from Russia

---

nd the environment FI
a
a.
Relationship description How we engaged in 2022 3
We rely on communities, society, and the environment and + Support Group risk management and materiality review g
our ambition is to deliver a clean, fair, and efficient industry. with reverse stress-testing and valuation of climate risk
* Active public affairs engagement plan and relationships
Responsible person with trade associations
VP Sustainability & CSR ——— -
Considerations and outcomes in 2022 °
Key topics of interest for stakeholders and * Senior Leadership Team climate training in 2023 s
Board's focus + Net Zero commitments (please refer to page 66 for $s
re 3
+ Changing stakeholder expectations and our Net Zero roadmap) 3
regulatory requirements + Commitment to industry improvement cy
«Development of Eurowags new carbon * Human rights risk assessment
Net Zero commitments + CSR programme (read more about our community
+ Impacts, opportunities, and implications within impact In the Sustsinabiity section, page 98)
Environmental, Social, and Corporate Governance (ESG) + Near-term carbon reduction and long-term Net Zero
+ Board, Executive and Senior Leadership Team targets approved
climate training n
* Conducting a human rights risk assessment 3
+ Sustainability action plan development 3
* Non-financial reporting and disclosure requirements o
+ Development of Sustainability KPIs in Group refinancing g
o
3
2
a
Regulators and government
Relationship description How we engaged in 2022 Q
Fi
Relationships with regulators and governments supports our + Participation in several international or local 3
ability to manage our reputation and licence-to-operate in our trade associations: x
chosen markets. We also use our role to support and influence + UPEI (Europe) - European fuel suppliers fe)
change for the improvement of our customers and markets. + CAPPO (Czech) - Czech Petroleum Association Fy
+ FCE (Europe) - European Fuel Card Providers 8

Responsible person
General Counsel, VP Sustainability & CSR

Key topics of interest for stakeholders

and Board's focus

Evolving policy and legislation relating to energy efficiency
and carbon reduction, and reporting requirements in Europe
and key markets

Engagement with FCA and local anti-monopoly authorities
with respect to acquisitions

Dialogues with the European Commission on the Vega Case
decision implementation (see glossary on page 260 for full
details of the Vega Case)

Payment Services Directive review

International sanctions against Russia and Belarus

State regulations of margins and price caps for

petroleum products

IVA (global) - International VAT association
AETIS (Europe) -Association of Electronic Toll

and Interoperable Service

EFP (Europe) - EETS Facilitation Platform —

Toll management association

IRU (global) - International Road Transport

Eesmad (Czech) - Association of Road

Transport Operators

Engagement with FCA as a publicly listed company

on the London Stock Exchange

Engagement with the Czech National Bank as a
payment services provider

Engagement with anti-monopoly bodies in terms of M&A
Engagement with custom offices in terms of fuel
distribution and VAT refunds

Considerations and outcomes in 2022
+ Taxonomy alignment
+ Engagement with Czech government as EU presidency
+ Position papers on PSD2 and Vega Case matters via
trade associations (UPEI, FCE)
* Self-sanctioning rules related to the Russian war
in Ukraine

EUROWAG Annual Report and Accounts 2022

24

CEO's report

Continued strong
and resilient growth

lam very pleased with our strong performance this year, despite the
macro-economic challenges we faced across Europe. Once again, this
demonstrates not just the resilience of Eurowag, but the vital role our
services play in keeping the CRT industry in Europe moving.

Dear Fellow Shareholders,

lam pleased to announce that we have achieved another
strong set of results this year, in-line with our medium-term
guidance as presented at our IPO on the London Stock
Exchange in October 2021. Our consistent performance,

in what has been a challenging year with the Russian war in
Ukraine, supply chain disruptions, and inflation and interest
rate hikes, demonstrates the resilience of our business
model, as well as the mission critical nature of the solutions
we provide to the CRT industry across Europe.

Last year we set out our ambition to make the CRT industry
clean, fair, and efficient. We can achieve this by evolving
and adding to the services that we offer to our customers,
through innovation and M&A, as well as developing our
digital capabilities. This will not only transform our business,
but also the industry as a whole, which is lacking in digital
solutions. Our overarching strategic goal is to deliver the CRT
industry's first truly integrated, digital end-to-end platform.

Investment case

For the full year, we reported 24.6% net energy and
service sales growth, which was supported by our strategic
achievements in the year. Please refer to page 30 for our
strategic highlights. Our five strategic pillars underpin our
day-to-day operations, driving organic and inorganic
growth, and represent the foundations for how we will
achieve our long-term objectives. In 2022, these were:

1. Growing our existing customer base

. Geographic expansion and market penetration

. Go-to-market channel expansion

. Digital platform development

. Accretive M&A

QRWN

Significant market
opportunity, with expected
total addressable market of
€25-40bn

Resilient net energy and
service sales growth of
24.6%, with geographic
expansion and penetration
of services across our
customer base

Loyal customer
base, with over
110% average net
revenue retention

Profitable and cash
generative business
model, with 42.8%
adjusted EBITDA margin

eurowag.com

Well-capitalised
balance sheet,
supporting further
growth

Strong management
team and Board of
Directors with UK

plc experience

Strong operational performance

Payment solutions

Payment solutions currently represent the largest part

of our ecosystem and include secure means of making
energy payments through pre- or post-paid fuel cards and
toll payments. This is oft