BETA Close X Eurowag has announced the appointment of Linda Myers as a non-executive director, effective February 2, 2026, bringing over 25 years of financial services experience and extensive board committee expertise. Myers, previously a partner at Kirkland & Ellis LLP and currently serving on the boards of Gibraltar Industries Inc, Marex PLC, and LCI Industries Inc, has been deemed independent by the board. Her appointment is expected to enhance the company's leadership and financial sector understanding. Disclaimer* Eurowag 22 January 2026 W.A.G Payment Solutions plc (the "Company" or "Eurowag") The Company is pleased to announce the appointment of Linda Myers as non-executive director to the board with effect from 2 February 2026. Linda will join the Audit & Risk, Nomination & Governance, and Remuneration Committees. Linda has over 25 years' experience in financial services as a former partner at Kirkland & Ellis LLP, where she sat on the global management committee, and is an experienced board director. She is a non-executive director of Gibraltar Industries Inc and Marex PLC, both listed on NASDAQ, and of LCI Industries Inc, which is listed on the NYSE. She has significant experience on board committees including audit, remuneration, corporate governance and sustainability. Commenting on the appointment, the Company's Chair, Steve Dryden, said: "Linda brings strong leadership capabilities, a deep understanding of finance, and of the financial services and manufacturing sectors. We welcome her to the board of Eurowag." The board has determined that there are no relationships or circumstances that which are likely to affect Linda' judgement and that any existing relationships or circumstances which could appear to do so are not material. Therefore, the directors consider Linda to be independent. In accordance with Listing Rule 9.6.15, the Company confirms that there are no further details to be disclosed pursuant to Listing Rule 9.6.13. Enquiries: Carolina Orozco VP Investor Relations and Communications +44 7555 373 873 Investors - Eurowag (LSE: EWG) (LSE: EWG) Sodali & Co Justin Griffiths, Gilly Lock IR and international media +44 207 250 1446 eurowag@sodali.com About Eurowag Eurowag was founded in 1995 and is a leading technology company and an important partner to Europe's commercial road transport industry, with a purpose to make it clean, fair and efficient. Eurowag enables trucking companies to successfully transition to a low carbon, digital future by harnessing all mission critical data, insights and payment and financing transactions into a single ecosystem and connects their operations seamlessly before a journey, on the road and post-delivery. http://www.eurowag.com This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies W.A.G Payment Solutions (EWG) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 19 hours ago Diageo 19 hours ago Diageo 19 hours ago TotalEnergies SE 19 hours ago PayPoint 19 hours ago Barclays All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and