Annual Financial Report Eurowag 09 April 2025 9 April 2025 W.A.G payment solutions plc (the "Company") Annual Report and Accounts 2024 and Notice of Annual General Meeting 2025 In compliance with Listing Rule 9.6.1 and Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rule ("DTR") 4.1, the Company announces that the Annual Report and Accounts for the year ended 31 December 2024 ("Annual Report 2024") has been published on its website: https://investors.eurowag.com/investors/results-reports-and-presentations/ The Company has also published the Notice of Annual General Meeting 2025 (the "AGM Notice 2025"). The Company's Annual General Meeting (the "AGM") will be held at our registered office at Third Floor (East), Albemarle House, 1 Albemarle Street, London W1S 4HA, on 22 May 2025 at 4pm BST. The AGM Notice 2025 is also available on the Company's website: https://investors.eurowag.com/investors/shareholder-information/general-meetings/ Ahead of the AGM, the following documents are being mailed and made available to its shareholders: 1 Annual Report 2024 2 AGM Notice 2025 3 The Form of Proxy In compliance with Listing Rules 9.6.1 and 9.6.3, the Annual Report 2024, the AGM Notice 2025 and the Form of Proxy have been submitted to the Financial Conduct Authority via the National Storage Mechanism and will shortly be available for inspection ( https://data.fca.org.uk/#/nsm/nationalstoragemechanism ). ENQUIRIES Eurowag Carla Bloom VP Investor Relations and Communications +44 (0) 789 109 4542 investors@eurowag.com Sodali and Co Justin Griffiths, Gilly Lock IR and international media +44 (0)20 7100 6451 eurowag@sodali.com About Eurowag Eurowag was founded in 1995 and is a leading technology company and an important partner to Europe's CRT industry, with a purpose to make it clean, fair and efficient. Eurowag enables trucking companies to successfully transition to a low carbon, digital future by harnessing all mission critical data, insights and payment and financing transactions into a single ecosystem and connects their operations seamless before a journey, on the road and post-delivery. http://www.eurowag.com This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies W.A.G Payment Solutions (EWG) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 18 hours ago Diageo 18 hours ago Diageo 19 hours ago TotalEnergies SE 19 hours ago PayPoint 19 hours ago Barclays All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and