Here's What Analysts Are Forecasting For WH Group Limited (HKG:288) After Its Half-Year Results - Simply Wall St News Home Portfolios Watchlist Community Discover Screener Advertisement Hong Kong / Food / SEHK:288 Here's What Analysts Are Forecasting For WH Group Limited (HKG:288) After Its Half-Year Results August 31, 2026 SI Simply Wall St Last week, you might have seen that WH Group Limited ( HKG:288 ) released its interim result to the market. The early response was not positive, with shares down 9.5% to HK$7.42 in the past week. It was an okay result overall, with revenues coming in at US$14b, roughly what the analysts had been expecting. The analysts typically update their forecasts at each earnings report, and we can judge from their estimates whether their view of the company has changed or if there are any new concerns to be aware of. So we collected the latest post-earnings statutory consensus estimates to see what could be in store for next year. AI is about to change healthcare. These 20 stocks are working on everything from early diagnostics to drug discovery. The best part - they are all under $10bn in marketcap - there is still time to get in early. SEHK:288 Earnings and Revenue Growth August 31st 2026 Following last week's earnings report, WH Group's 15 analysts are forecasting 2026 revenues to be US$28.3b, approximately in line with the last 12 months. Per-share earnings are expected to accumulate 3.4% to US$0.12. In the lead-up to this report, the analysts had been modelling revenues of US$28.9b and earnings per share (EPS) of US$0.13 in 2026. The consensus seems maybe a little more pessimistic, trimming their revenue forecasts after the latest results even though there was no change to its EPS estimates. See our latest analysis for WH Group The consensus has reconfirmed its price target of HK$10.05, showing that the analysts don't expect weaker revenue expectations next year to have a material impact on WH Group's market value. That's not the only conclusion we can draw from this data however, as some investors also like to consider the spread in estimates when evaluating analyst price targets. The most optimistic WH Group analyst has a price target of HK$11.76 per share, while the most pessimistic values it at HK$6.20. So we wouldn't be assigning too much credibility to analyst price targets in this case, because there are clearly some widely different views on what kind of performance this business can generate. With this in mind, we wouldn't rely too heavily the consensus price target, as it is just an average and analysts clearly have some deeply divergent views on the business. Taking a look at the bigger picture now, one of the ways we can understand these forecasts is to see how they compare to both past performance and industry growth estimates. These estimates imply that revenue is expected to slow, with a forecast annualised decline of 1.2% by the end of 2026. This indicates a significant reduction from annual growth of 0.2% over the last five years. By contrast, our data suggests that other companies (with analyst coverage) in the same industry are forecast to see their revenue grow 5.0% annually for the foreseeable future. So although its revenues are forecast to shrink, this cloud does not come with a silver lining - WH Group is expected to lag the wider industry. Advertisement The Bottom Line The most obvious conclusion is that there's been no major change in the business' prospects in recent times, with the analysts holding their earnings forecasts steady, in line with previous estimates. Unfortunately, they also downgraded their revenue estimates, and our data indicates underperformance compared to the wider industry. Even so, earnings per share are more important to the intrinsic value of the business. With that said, earnings are more important to the long-term value of the business. There was no real change to the consensus price target, suggesting that the intrinsic value of the business has not undergone any major changes with the latest estimates. Following on from that line of thought, we think that the long-term prospects of the business are much more relevant than next year's earnings. We have forecasts for WH Group going out to 2028, and you can see them free on our platform here. And what about risks? Every company has them, and we've spotted 1 warning sign for WH Group you should know about. Valuation is complex, but we're here to simplify it. Discover if WH Group might be undervalued or overvalued with our detailed analysis, featuring fair value estimates, potential risks, dividends, insider trades, and its financial condition. Access Free Analysis Have feedback on this article? Concerned about the content? Get in touch with us directly. Alternatively, email editorial-team (at) simplywallst.com. This article by Simply Wall St is general in nature. We provide commentary based on historical data and analyst forecasts only using an unbiased methodology and our articles are not intended to be financial advice. It does not constitute a recommendation to buy or sell any stock, and does not take account of your objectives, or your financial situation. We aim to bring you long-term focused analysis driven by fundamental data. Note that our analysis may not factor in the latest price-sensitive company announcements or qualitative material. Simply Wall St has no position in any stocks mentioned. M mitchell_lawler The Foxhole A lot of companies don't have a moat, they have customers too busy to switch. AI agents could change that. 9 9 L LeverageIsLovely • 2h Meta built an agent that saves you time so you can spend it on Meta. s sarah_c5otv • 5h It can only change a little. Adopting AI agents will in itself be a HUGE friction for many. Andrew Legget Market Insights Are social media stocks the new Big Tobacco? Greater regulatory scrutiny is catching up with digital platforms, posing a rising risk for social media stocks. But as Big Tobacco discovered, that's not always a bad outcome for shareholders. 1 4 Sep 11, 2026 About SEHK:288 WH Group An investment holding company, produces and sells packaged meats, pork, and hogs in China, North America, and Europe. See The Free Research Report Very undervalued with excellent balance sheet and pays a dividend. See The Free Research Report Similar Companies NYSE:TSN Tyson Foods NYSE:JBS JBS Market Insights Are social media stocks the new Big Tobacco? AN Andrew Legget What 13F filings won't tell you about a billionaire's stock picks MI Mitchell Lawler Great earnings season, but are the earnings real? AN Andrew Legget Advertisement Weekly Picks CE Ceazar on Sparc AI · 20 days ago When GPS fails: this small cap is fixing a $54B drone problem Fair Value: CA$5.25 41.1 % undervalued 196 followers users have followed this narrative · 0 comments users have commented on this narrative · 29 likes users have liked this narrative CO composite32 on Archrock · 8 days ago AI Needs Power. Power Needs Gas. Gas Needs Compression: The Archrock Investment Thesis Fair Value: US$44.88 31.9 % undervalued 9 followers users have followed this narrative · 0 comments users have commented on this narrative · 1 like users have liked this narrative JO John_Eric on Advanced Energy Industries · 16 days ago AEIS Is Firing on Every Cylinder. My Problem Is the Safety Factor. Fair Value: US$567.86 55.9 % undervalued 7 followers users have followed this narrative · 0 comments users have commented on this narrative · 7 likes users have liked this narrative IS isidrohg on Lam Research · 6 days ago The Memory Shortage Is Lam's Order Book — Whether It Persists Or Resolves Fair Value: US$423.85 36.1 % undervalued 10 followers users have followed this narrative · 0 comments users have commented on this narrative · 4 likes users have liked this narrative Recently Updated Narratives EV evadav on Chemring Group · about 7 hours ago Chemring remains a strong long term defence holding Fair Value: UK£6.35 15.8 % undervalued 1 follower users have followed this narrative · 0 comments users have commented on this narrative · 0 likes users have liked this narrative LU LunaRodas on Trip.com Group · about 8 hours ago TCOM | Trip.com Group Limited: What They Said vs. What They Did Fair Value: US$46.83 16.2 % undervalued 1 follower users have followed this narrative · 0 comments users have commented on this narrative · 0 likes users have liked this narrative RO Robbo on Intuit · about 12 hours ago Intuit: Is AI Really the Threat the Market Thinks It Is? Fair Value: US$374 12.0 % undervalued 1 follower users have followed this narrative · 0 comments users have commented on this narrative · 0 likes users have liked this narrative Popular Narratives AN AnalystConsensusTarget on NVIDIA · about 2 months ago NVDA: Expanding AI Demand Will Drive Major Data Center Investments Through 2026 Fair Value: US$302.83 29.9 % undervalued 1453 followers users have followed this narrative · 8 comments users have commented on this narrative · 35 likes users have liked this narrative AN AnalystConsensusTarget on Alphabet · 4 months ago GOOGL: AI Platform Expansion And Cloud Demand Will Support Durable Performance Amid Competitive Pressures Fair Value: US$427.89 19.4 % undervalued 1628 followers users have followed this narrative · 0 comments users have commented on this narrative · 19 likes users have liked this narrative AN AnalystConsensusTarget on Amazon.com · about 1 month ago AMZN: Acceleration In Cloud And AI Will Drive Margin Expansion Ahead Fair Value: US$327 24.0 % undervalued 1644 followers users have followed this narrative · 1 comment users have commented on this narrative · 16 likes users have liked this narrative Trending Discussion AN anthony_x0j2w on Platform Group SE KGaA · 2 days ago Hello,(I am a shareholder).I spent the summer investigating in whatever I was able to find in the press, the trustee, or legal, and comparing it to FS Benner's declaration/transcripts:press: MM has a tendancy to use facts, modify them and turn them the way they want: 100% of their claims against TPG0 is traçable factually, 80% is flawed and interpreted. Example are numerous: 11M loans banks to be paid seems right, but it has not been an issue at all, it has been paid in full. (and it happens all the time in every business...); the previous HR becoming a financial director in the article herself being attacked by TPG on the legal side; the wrong address of curator (if truly announced by TPG).Trustee: according to my research (which can be incomplete) no communication to the Nordic trustee (hereby, bond holders) has been done on a, indebtedness (late payment) > 1M€, which is their obligation by contract (clause 14.d - https://corporate.the-platform-group.com/bond/) => this is a sign of a huge lie and fraud, or the sign that there is no indebtedness > 1M€ over the whole TPG group.Legal: still awaiting for an answer, probable that I won't get it.VALUATIONYou can spent hours working the fundamentals, if they're flawed...the thesis falls.Anyway, I always substracts the badwill (that I consider non-current - you have it in the CFS) & non-controlling interests from my valuation:Earnings ~22MFCF ~40M€The financial statements are not the issue here, we are more on an cheap option on the sincerity of the accounts that a real valuation. Unfortunately, these are unverifiable elements, hence the low price./!\ Careful:the accounts are consolidated and skip the subsidiaries issues...Careful with the business model: TPG0 is a financial holding that acquire subsidiaries, hold the debt, and has no operations. 100% of the Cash Flow comes from subs' dividends => it is a risk here, more a plumber risk than an operational one, but nevertheless...The auditor is too small, and managed by the same firm than before, with 140K€/year commission => it's too low, nobody external really reviewed what Benner and his team are doing internallycapital increase do not go through the CFS, but through change in equity AND equity in the BSIf the equity stays low too long, the WACC increase will be unbearable (I have a 30% global, with a 118% on equity): diluting is expensive => TPG machine can stay broken for a while.Most of the people I talk with never saw this, while this is ESSENTIAL to Benner's business model.SEVERAL EVENTS THAT COULD CHANGE:AEP is being audited by KPMG: if Benner plays the "we will propose KPMG to our shareholders BEOY", this can increase the trust in him significantly/KPMG (or other) to validate the 2026 IFRS accounts & having a word on HGB's: though still consolidated, at least we'll know...AEP being eventually acquired: while it carries a high integration risk due to its size, they talked about it so many times, that trust goes with it.Without this combination of event, the equity is doomed to stay at this level, IMO.Do not forget to also follow the bond: with TPG's announced safe harbor plan for buyback (25% of daily exchange), it is also interesting to check this illiquid and retail market: https://live.deutsche-boerse.com/bond/no0013256834-the-platform-group-ag-8-875-24-28?mic=XFRA 1 | 0 CO Constantin_Mar on Platform Group SE KGaA · 5 days ago Quite a lot of speculation presented as if it were evidence.You are combining alleged payment disputes, alleged bank actions, legal disputes with journalists and other unverified claims to imply that TPG’s financial reporting is somehow unreliable or that the company is approaching insolvency. That’s a very serious conclusion, but the evidence you’ve presented doesn’t establish it.TPG’s financial statements, share count, debt, cash flow and acquisitions can all be checked against official filings and corporate documents. That’s called due diligence. Repeating allegations and then pointing to a low P/E doesn’t prove anything.In fact, the P/E below 1 is precisely the reason the underlying numbers need to be investigated rather than dismissed. If you have documentary evidence that TPG’s reported figures are false, that banks actually cancelled the alleged facilities, or that the company is insolvent, publish the documents and numbers.Otherwise, this reads less like analysis and more like an attempt to create fear and selling pressure around a micro-cap stock.Claims require evidence. Allegations are not evidence. 1 | 1 ST stephen_1gfgn on CSL · 6 days ago Once again the item purports to be about ASX:CSL but the Analysts Commentary refers to the US CSL company that provides roofing solutions. Can this not be sorted once and for all? 1 | 0 Level 5, 320 Pitt Street, Sydney Financial Data provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence LLC, analysis provided by Simply Wall Street Pty Ltd. Copyright © 2026 , S&P Global Market Intelligence LLC. All rights reserved. View Data Sources Markets US: NYSE & NASDAQ UK: FTSE Australia: ASX India: NIFTY Canada: TSX South Africa: JSE Investing Ideas Undervalued Companies Dividend Powerhouses Insider Buying Nuclear Energy Autonomous Vehicles Artificial Intelligence Features Portfolio Tracker Screener Investing Ideas Community Narratives Market Insights What's New Simply Wall St Plans Advertising About Us Contact Us Careers Help Center Learn Stock Investing Affiliate Program Business & Enterprise Charlie AI Simply Wall Street Pty Ltd (ACN 600 056 611), is a Corporate Authorised Representative (Authorised Representative Number: 467183) of Sanlam Private Wealth Pty Ltd (AFSL No. 337927). Any advice contained in this website is general advice only and has been prepared without considering your objectives, financial situation or needs. You should not rely on any advice and/or information contained in this website and before making any investment decision we recommend that you consider whether it is appropriate for your situation and seek appropriate financial, taxation and legal advice. Please read our Financial Services Guide before deciding whether to obtain financial services from us. © 2026 Simply Wall Street Pty Ltd, US Design Patent #29/544/281, Community and European Design Registration #2845206 Financial Services Guide Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy AI Terms