Suspension of trading on AIM Amur Minerals Corporation 07 September 2023 7 September 2023 Amur Minerals Corporation ("Amur" or the "Company") Suspension of trading on AIM Amur Minerals Corporation (AIM: AMC) confirms that trading in the Company's shares on AIM will be suspended with effect from 7.30 a.m. BST today. As stated in the Company's notification of 6 March 2023, following the disposal of the Company's AO Kun-Manie subsidiary, Amur became classified as an AIM Rule 15 cash shell from that date, and as such was required to make an acquisition or acquisitions which would constitute a reverse takeover under Rule 14 of the AIM Rules for Companies, or be re-admitted on AIM as an investing company under the AIM Rules on or before the date falling six months from 6 March 2023. As neither a reverse takeover nor readmission to trading on AIM as an investing company have been completed, trading in the Company's shares on AIM will now be suspended today. Trading will remain suspended until the completion of a reverse takeover, which requires the publication of an admission document and the approval of such a transaction at a General Meeting of the Company, or the Company is readmitted to trading on AIM as an investing company. If no such transaction is completed within six months, the Company's shares will be cancelled from trading on AIM pursuant to AIM Rule 41. There can be no assurance that the Company will be able to complete a reverse takeover during the six-month suspension period. The board of Amur continues to review a number of reverse takeover opportunities. Further announcements will be made as appropriate. Enquiries: Company Amur Minerals Corp. Nomad and Broker S.P. Angel Corporate Finance LLP Public Relations BlytheRay Robin Young CEO Richard Morrison Adam Cowl Megan Ray Tim Blythe +44 (0) 7981 126 818 +44 (0) 20 3470 0470 +44 (0) 20 7138 3203 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Amur Minerals Corporation NPV (AMC) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 43 minutes ago British American Tobacco 45 minutes ago Staffline Group 48 minutes ago Bunzl 48 minutes ago British American Tobacco 1 hour ago Howden Joinery Group All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and