Press Speculation & Share Price Movement RNS Number : 5693Z Amur Minerals Corporation 25 January 2022 25 January 2022 AMUR MINERALS CORPORATION ("Amur" or the "Company") (AIM: AMC) Response to Press Speculation and Share Price Movement Amur Minerals Corporation, a nickel-copper sulphide mineral exploration and resource development company which possesses a wholly owned nickel sulphide asset located in the far east of Russia, notes the recent share price movement and press speculation that a potentially interested party has valued the Company at an indicative price of up to £100 million. The Company confirms that it is in discussions with a potential purchaser to sell its wholly owned subsidiary, Irosta Trading Limited, for approximately the indicated price. Irostra Trading Limited owns the Kun-Manie Project. Such a disposal would constitute a fundamental change of business under AIM Rule 15 and therefore be subject to shareholder approval. There can be no certainty that any agreement will be reached in respect of the proposed disposal, nor as to the terms of the proposed disposal. A further announcement will be made in due course. Market Abuse Regulation (MAR) Disclosure This announcement contains inside information for the purposes of Article 7 of the Market Abuse Regulation (EU) 596/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("MAR"), and is disclosed in accordance with the Company's obligations under Article 17 of MAR. Enquiries: Company Amur Minerals Corp. Nomad and Broker S.P. Angel Corporate Finance LLP Public Relations Blytheweigh Robin Young CEO Richard Morrison Adam Cowl Megan Ray Tim Blythe +7(4212)755615 +44(0)20 3470 0470 +44 (0) 20 7138 3203 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END SPCPPUBGGUPPGGA Companies Amur Minerals Corporation NPV (AMC) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 19 minutes ago Bloomsbury Publishing 26 minutes ago Smith & Nephew 1 hour ago ActiveOps 3 hours ago South32 Limited (DI) 4 hours ago Greatland Gold All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and