Receipt of Funds RNS Number : 9466S Amur Minerals Corporation 14 March 2023 14 March 2023 Amur Minerals Corporation ("Amur" or the "Company") Receipt of Funds Amur Minerals Corporation ("Amur" or the "Company"), is pleased to confirm it is in receipt of the agreed consideration, an amount of US$35 million, for the sale of the Company's 100% interest in its nickel - copper sulphide asset, Kun-Manie, located in the Russian Federation. The Company has previously announced that it will pay a special dividend of 1.8 pence per share to shareholders within 90 days of the receipt of funds. Further announcements in respect of the dividend dates will be made in due course. Following the disposal of Kun-Manie on 06 March 2023, Amur Minerals became an AIM Rule 15 cash shell and accordingly, is required to make an acquisition or acquisitions which constitute(s) a reverse takeover under AIM Rule 14 on or before the date falling six months from the completion of the disposal, or be re-admitted to trading on AIM as an investing company under AIM Rule 8. Failing that, the Company's ordinary shares would be suspended from trading on AIM pursuant to AIM Rule 40. If the Company's shares remain suspended for six months, admission of the Company's shares will be cancelled. For further information, and Company updates see the Company website at www.amurminerals.com twitter page @ amur_minerals. Market Abuse Regulation (MAR) Disclosure This announcement contains inside information for the purposes of Article 7 of the Market Abuse Regulation (EU) 596/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("MAR"), and is disclosed in accordance with the Company's obligations under Article 17 of MAR. Enquiries: Company Amur Minerals Corp. Nomad and Broker S.P. Angel Corporate Finance LLP Public Relations BlytheRay Robin Young CEO Richard Morrison Adam Cowl Megan Ray Tim Blythe +1 (925) 408-4621 +44 (0) 20 3470 0470 +44 (0) 20 7138 3204 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END MSCFLFSFVSISLIV Companies Amur Minerals Corporation NPV (AMC) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 17 minutes ago Montanaro European Smaller Companies Trust 40 minutes ago Smith & Nephew 1 hour ago Bloomsbury Publishing 1 hour ago NATWEST GROUP 2 hours ago British American Tobacco All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and