Statement regarding possible offer Amur Minerals Corporation 02 June 2023 2 June 2023 Amur Minerals Corporation ("Amur" or "the Company") Statement regarding possible offer The Board of Amur Minerals Corporation notes the announcement yesterday afternoon by Ascent Resources plc ("Ascent") setting out the terms of a non-binding indicative proposal regarding a possible share offer for the entire issued and to be issued share capital of Amur by Ascent. Since Q4 2022, and in advance of the completion of the sale of its Kun-Manie Nickel Copper project in the Russian Federation (the "Sale"), Amur has been conducting various high level evaluations and assessments of international private and public resource companies and projects. However, until the Sale had completed and the dividend payment process been announced, the Board has been restricted in its ability to advance discussions with potentially interested parties which included Ascent. The terms of the proposed transaction announced by Ascent were new to the Board and accordingly, it will consider these with regard to this opportunity. Given the indicative nature of the proposed offer, shareholders are advised to take no action at this stage. There can be no certainty that an offer will be made for Amur, or the terms on which any such offer will be made. Further announcements will be made as appropriate. Enquiries: Company Amur Minerals Corp. Nomad and Broker S.P. Angel Corporate Finance LLP Public Relations BlytheRay Robin Young CEO Richard Morrison Adam Cowl Megan Ray Tim Blythe +7 (4212) 75 56 15 +44 (0) 20 3470 0470 +44 (0) 20 7138 3204 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Amur Minerals Corporation NPV (AMC) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 17 minutes ago Montanaro European Smaller Companies Trust 40 minutes ago Smith & Nephew 1 hour ago Bloomsbury Publishing 1 hour ago NATWEST GROUP 2 hours ago British American Tobacco All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and