Investor Presentation via Investor Meet Company Amur Minerals Corporation 15 May 2024 15 May 2024 AMUR MINERALS CORPORATION (AIM: AMC) Investor Presentation via Investor Meet Company Amur Minerals Corporation ("Amur" or the "Company") is pleased to announce that Robin Young, CEO of Amur, and Andrew Webb, CEO of Extruded Pharmaceuticals Limited ("Extruded Pharmaceuticals" or "EPL"), will provide a live presentation on 21 May 2024 at 1pm BST via the Investor Meet Company platform. The presentation will focus on the proposed acquisition of EPL by Amur and all existing and potential shareholders are welcome to participate. Questions can be submitted in advance of the presentation via the Investor Meet Company dashboard up until 20 May 2024 at 9am BST and also at any time during the live presentation. Investors who are not already signed up to Investor Meet Company can sign up here: https://www.investormeetcompany.com/amur-minerals-corporation/register-investor Investors who already follow Amur on the Investor Meet Company platform will automatically be invited. On the 13 May 2024, Amur announced its intention to acquire EPL, a UK-based drug delivery technology company which is focused on improving the performance of cancer treatments for solid tumours through the local delivery of chemotherapy drugs. The announcement can be viewed here: https://www.londonstockexchange.com/news-article/AMC/proposed-reverse-takeover/16465616 The acquisition is subject to a General Meeting of Amur shareholders on 29 May 2024. Enquiries: Company Nomad and Broker Financial PR Amur Minerals Corp. S.P. Angel Corporate Finance LLP Buchanan Robin Young CEO Richard Morrison Adam Cowl Mark Court mark.court@buchanancomms.co.uk Jamie Hooper jamie.hooper@buchanancomms.co.uk +1 (925) 408-4621 +44 (0) 20 3470 0470 +44 (0) 20 7466 5000 This information is provided by Reach, the non-regulatory press release distribution service of RNS, part of the London Stock Exchange. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Amur Minerals Corporation NPV (AMC) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 43 minutes ago British American Tobacco 45 minutes ago Staffline Group 48 minutes ago Bunzl 48 minutes ago British American Tobacco 1 hour ago Howden Joinery Group All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and