Transaction Update RNS Number : 5569F Amur Minerals Corporation 07 November 2022 7 November 2022 AMUR MINERALS CORPORATION (AIM: AMC) Transaction Update Amur Minerals Corporation ("Amur" or the "Company") takes this opportunity to update shareholders on the status of the Company's disposal of its AO Kun-Manie wholly owned subsidiary to Bering Metals LLC (the "Buyer"), a Russian incorporated company. Totaling US$35 million, the transaction was anticipated for completion in early November 2022 . However Western introduced restrictions related to the international transfer of funds from the Russian Federation have become more restrictive with time. Mainstream international banks are severely restricting or are no longer allowing such transactions per their internal compliance protocols. This includes the Company's bank which has necessitated establishing alternative banking services. The Buyer and the Company are coordinating efforts to establish a fully compliant fund transfer allowing for completion. Robin Young, CEO of Amur, commented: "Amur and Bering are keen to complete the sale of AO Kun-Manie as soon as possible. The majority of our efforts are focused on establishing a chain of custody for the fund transfer which is fully compliant with the current geopolitical situation. We look forward to updating shareholders once the banking restrictions are successfully solved. With regard to timing, this is dependent upon banking institutions completion of their Know Your Client ("KYC") protocols." Market Abuse Regulation (MAR) Disclosure) This announcement contains inside information for the purposes of Article 7 of the Market Abuse Regulation (EU) 596/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("MAR"), and is disclosed in accordance with the Company's obligations under Article 17 of MAR. Company Amur Minerals Corp. Nomad and Broker S.P. Angel Corporate Finance LLP Public Relations BlytheRay Robin Young CEO Richard Morrison Adam Cowl Megan Ray Tim Blythe +44 (0) 7981 126 818 +44 (0) 20 3470 0470 +44 (0) 20 7138 3203 For additional information on the Company, visit the Company's website, www.amurminerals.com . This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END MSCBXBDBXXGDGDR Companies Amur Minerals Corporation NPV (AMC) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 17 minutes ago Montanaro European Smaller Companies Trust 40 minutes ago Smith & Nephew 1 hour ago Bloomsbury Publishing 1 hour ago NATWEST GROUP 2 hours ago British American Tobacco All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and