Russian Sanctions Update RNS Number : 1783I Amur Minerals Corporation 13 April 2022 13 April 2022 AMUR MINERALS CORPORATION (AIM: AMC) Russian Sanctions Update Amur Minerals Corporation ("Amur" or the "Company"), the nickel-copper sulphide mineral exploration and resource development company focused on the far east of Russia, announces that the Company has been continuously reviewing the EU, UK and USA sanctions documentation. Since 23 February 2022, the sanctions list additions have been frequent and rapidly evolving, changing the geopolitical landscape. To date, there has been minimal impact to the Company. As of 5 April 2022, the actions undertaken by the Company include the following: · Flow of funds supporting AO Kun-Manie continue and the Company has now ensured sufficient cash reserves for the subsidiary covering budgeted costs through H1 2022. Previously, AO Kun-Manie funds have been delivered to cover a 30 to 45 day period. · No one individual or entity identified in any transactions, contracts, or operational undertakings related to a transaction related to AO Kun-Manie are sanctioned. · The Company's lead legal consul representation in Moscow, Bryan Cave Leighton Paisner, is suspending operations within Russia. The Company is reviewing options for lead Russian legal representation. Company Amur Minerals Corp. Nomad and Broker S.P. Angel Corporate Finance LLP Public Relations BlytheRay Robin Young CEO Richard Morrison Adam Cowl Megan Ray Tim Blythe +44 (0) 7981 126 818 +44 (0) 20 3470 0470 +44 (0) 20 7138 3203 For additional information on the Company, visit the Company's website, www.amurminerals.com . This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END UPDBKBBDABKDPQD Companies Amur Minerals Corporation NPV (AMC) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 19 minutes ago Bloomsbury Publishing 26 minutes ago Smith & Nephew 1 hour ago ActiveOps 3 hours ago South32 Limited (DI) 4 hours ago Greatland Gold All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and