Dividend Declaration Amur Minerals Corporation 24 May 2023 24 May 2023 AMUR MINERALS CORPORATION (AIM: AMC) Dividend Declaration Amur Minerals Corporation ("Amur" or the "Company") is pleased to provide an update on the issuance of its special dividend of 1.8 pence per share. The special dividend is to be paid out of the funds received for the sale of its Russian Federation Kun-Manie nickel -copper asset. As the funds have been sourced from a non-sanctioned entity in Russia, payment of the dividend has required extraordinary non-typical enhanced governance approaches for implementation of payment. Shareholders of record at the close of business 2 June 2023 will be entitled to payment of the dividend projected to be 14 June 2023. The shares will go ex-dividend on 1 June 2023. Given the transaction is based on the sale of a Russian asset, a ll shareholders need to register a dividend mandate for the Amur shareholding and receipt of the dividend. This varies based on the shareholder being an ordinary shareholder or a CREST shareholder. Ordinary Shareholders (Certificated) Ordinary shareholders (Certificated) are instructed to register your UK bank/building society account details in advance of the dividend record date by end of business 1 June 2023 to receive your cashless dividend projected to be 14 June 2023. If you do not register your details, your cashless dividend will be retained, until valid bank/building society details are received. Periodically, Link Registrars will conduct a review to identify post 1 June 2023 registered shareholders with payment being completed at a later date. Depository Interest Shareholders (CREST) Those that wish to receive payment in CREST, must undertake the necessary election in CREST before the record date of 2 June 2023. If a shareholder does not register their details, the cashless dividend will be retained, until valid details are received. As with the Ordinary Shareholders, Link Registrars will conduct periodic reviews to identify registered shareholders with payment being completed at a later date. Online : Log in to the share portal at https://www.signalshares.com and click on 'Manage your account' followed by 'My bank details' then follow the instructions. If you have not registered for Signal Shares previously you will require your Investor Code (IVC) which can be found on your share certificate(s). By phone : Call Link Group and speak to one of the team on 0371 664 0300 and after answering a few security questions, your mandate details can be updated. * Calls are charged at the standard geographic rate and will vary by provider. If you are outside the United Kingdom, please call +44 371 664 0300. Calls outside the United Kingdom will be charged at the applicable international rate. The helpline is open between 9.00am - 5.30pm, Monday to Friday excluding public holidays in England and Wales. If a shareholder does not register their bank/building society account details and/or elect to receive the payment in CREST on a timely basis, the unclaimed dividend will be held securely until the shareholder has registered the appropriate information with Link Registrars (Link). These unclaimed dividends will not accrue any interest. Periodic sweeps by Link will continue until all dividends are claimed. It is also noted that shareholders are responsible for tracking the delivered payments with their banks or CREST account nominees. Electronic bank transfer is the most secure method of payment. Amur's registrar will only use your account details to facilitate the payment of dividends. The shareholder details are maintained securely by Link Group. Provision of shareholder details does not provide Amur's registrar with access to your bank account and will only be used for the payment of cashless dividends. Market Abuse Regulation (MAR) Disclosure) This announcement contains inside information for the purposes of Article 7 of the Market Abuse Regulation (EU) 596/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("MAR"), and is disclosed in accordance with the Company's obligations under Article 17 of MAR. Company Amur Minerals Corp. Nomad and Broker S.P. Angel Corporate Finance LLP Public Relations BlytheRay Robin Young CEO Richard Morrison Adam Cowl Megan Ray Tim Blythe +1 (925) 408-4621 +44 (0) 20 3470 0470 +44 (0) 20 7138 3203 For additional information on the Company, visit the Company's website, www.amurminerals.com . This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Amur Minerals Corporation NPV (AMC) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 43 minutes ago British American Tobacco 45 minutes ago Staffline Group 48 minutes ago Bunzl 48 minutes ago British American Tobacco 1 hour ago Howden Joinery Group All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and