Company Update Amur Minerals Corporation 04 March 2024 4 March 2024 AMUR MINERALS CORPORATION (AIM: AMC) Company Update Amur Minerals Corporation ("Amur" or the "Company"), which has been reclassified as an AIM Rule 15 cash shell, announces an update regarding progress towards completing a Reverse Takeover ('RTO') pursuant to AIM Rule 14 ("RTO"). The Company entered into a heads of terms agreement ("HOT") to acquire a UK based candidate in the healthcare sector (the "Target") on 25 January 2024. The Target is a UK-based pharmaceutical company which has developed an innovative drug delivery technology to improve the clinical performance of cancer treatments for solid tumours through the local delivery of chemotherapy. Pursuant to the HOT, Amur would acquire the entire issued share capital of the Target in return for the issue of new ordinary shares in Amur (the "Consideration Shares"). The proposed transaction will constitute a RTO and is therefore subject to certain matters including completion of financial, legal and technical due diligence on the Target, the negotiation and entering into an appropriate SPA, the publication of an AIM Admission Document and the approval by Amur's shareholders at a general meeting. The Company is currently advancing the necessary workstreams to complete the RTO process and expects to be in the position to publish an AIM Admission Document before the end of April 2024. The Company's shares will remain suspended from trading pending publication of the AIM Admission Document. At this stage, there can be no assurance that the Company will be able to complete this RTO, or any other RTO. The information contained within this announcement is deemed to constitute inside information as stipulated under the Market Abuse Regulation (EU) No. 596/2014, as incorporated into UK law by the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018. Upon the publication of this announcement, this inside information is now considered to be in the public domain. Enquiries: Company Amur Minerals Corp. Nomad and Broker S.P. Angel Corporate Finance LLP Robin Young CEO Richard Morrison Adam Cowl +1 (925) 408-4621 +44 (0) 20 3470 0470 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Amur Minerals Corporation NPV (AMC) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 43 minutes ago British American Tobacco 45 minutes ago Staffline Group 48 minutes ago Bunzl 48 minutes ago British American Tobacco 1 hour ago Howden Joinery Group All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and