Second Price Monitoring Extn RNS Number : 5004I Amur Minerals Corporation 02 December 2022 Second Price Monitoring Extension A second and final Price Monitoring Extension has been activated in this security. The auction call period is extended in this security for a further 5 minutes. Following the first price monitoring extension this security would still have executed more than a pre-determined percentage above or below the price of the most recent automated execution today. London Stock Exchange electronic order book users have a final opportunity to review the prices and sizes of orders entered in this security prior to the auction execution. The applicable percentage is set by reference to a security's Millennium Exchange sector. This is set out in the Sector Breakdown tab of the Parameters document at www.londonstockexchange.com/tradingservices This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END APMBLBDDBSGDGDD Companies Amur Minerals Corporation NPV (AMC) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 17 minutes ago Montanaro European Smaller Companies Trust 40 minutes ago Smith & Nephew 1 hour ago Bloomsbury Publishing 1 hour ago NATWEST GROUP 2 hours ago British American Tobacco All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and