BETA Close X Arrow Exploration Corp. has announced the filing of materials for its Annual and Special Meeting of Shareholders (AGM), scheduled for September 18, 2026. These materials were mailed to shareholders of record as of August 4, 2026, and are also available on SEDAR and the company's website. The company, an operator with assets in Colombian and Canadian hydrocarbon basins, is focused on expanding oil production and achieving attractive operating margins. Disclaimer* Arrow Exploration Corp. 20 August 2026 NOT FOR RELEASE, DISTRIBUTION, PUBLICATION, DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, IN WHOLE OR IN PART, IN OR INTO OR FROM THE UNITED STATES, AUSTRALIA, JAPAN, THE REPUBLIC OF SOUTH AFRICA OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTION WHERE TO DO SO MIGHT CONSTITUTE A VIOLATION OF THE RELEVANT LAWS OR REGULATIONS OF SUCH JURISDICTION. ARROW ANNOUNCES FILING OF AGM MATERIALS CALGARY, August 20, 2026 - Arrow Exploration Corp. (AIM: AXL; TSXV: AXL) (" Arrow " or the " Company "), the high-growth operator with a portfolio of assets across key Colombian and Canadian hydrocarbon basins, is pleased to announce materials related to the Annual and Special Meeting of Shareholders (AGM) to be held on September 18, 2026 at 10:00 AM MST have been filed, fulfilling all related regulatory requirements. Materials for the Annual and Special Meeting of Shareholders have been mailed on August 19, 2026 to Arrow Exploration Corp. shareholders of record as at August 4, 2026. The materials related to the Annual and Special Meeting of Shareholders are also available on SEDAR at www.sedar.com and the Company's website at www.arrowexploration.ca For further Information, contact: Arrow Exploration Marshall Abbott, CEO +1 403 651 5995 Joe McFarlane, CFO +1 403 818 1033 Canaccord Genuity (Nominated Advisor and Joint Broker) Henry Fitzgerald-O'Connor James Asensio George Grainger +44 (0)20 7523 8000 Auctus Advisors (Joint Broker) Jonathan Wright + 44 (0)7711 627449 Rupert Holdsworth Hunt Camarco (Financial PR) Owen Roberts +44 (0)20 3781 8331 Rebecca Waterworth About Arrow Exploration Corp. Arrow Exploration Corp. (operating in Colombia via branches of its 100% owned subsidiary Arrow Exploration Switzerland GmbH) is a publicly traded company with a portfolio of premier Colombian oil assets that are underexploited, under-explored and offer high potential growth. The Company's business plan is to expand oil production from some of Colombia's most active basins, including the Llanos, Middle Magdalena Valley (MMV) and Putumayo Basin. The asset base is predominantly operated with high working interests, and the Brent-linked light oil pricing exposure combines with low royalties to yield attractive potential operating margins. Pursuant to certain private agreements entered between Arrow and its partner, Arrow is entitled to receive 50% of the production from the Tapir block and has the right to request approval to Ecopetrol S.A. for the assignment of 50% of all rights, interests and obligations under the Tapir Association Contract. Arrow's seasoned team is led by a hands-on executive team supported by an experienced board. Arrow is listed on the AIM market of the London Stock Exchange and on TSX Venture Exchange under the symbol "AXL". Forward-looking Statements This news release contains certain statements or disclosures relating to Arrow that are based on the expectations of its management as well as assumptions made by and information currently available to Arrow which may constitute forward-looking statements or information ("forward-looking statements") under applicable securities laws. All such statements and disclosures, other than those of historical fact, which address activities, events, outcomes, results or developments that Arrow anticipates or expects may, could or will occur in the future (in whole or in part) should be considered forward-looking statements. In some cases, forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of the words "continue", "expect", "opportunity", "plan", "potential" and "will" and similar expressions. The forward-looking statements contained in this news release reflect several material factors and expectations and assumptions of Arrow, including without limitation, Arrow's evaluation of the impacts of COVID-19, the potential of Arrow's Colombian and/or Canadian assets (or any of them individually), the prices of oil and/or natural gas, and Arrow's business plan to expand oil and gas production and achieve attractive potential operating margins. Arrow believes the expectations and assumptions reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable at this time, but no assurance can be given that these factors, expectations, and assumptions will prove to be correct. The forward-looking statements included in this news release are not guarantees of future performance and should not be unduly relied upon. Such forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results or events to differ materially from those anticipated in such forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements contained in this news release are made as of the date hereof and the Company undertakes no obligations to update publicly or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, unless so required by applicable securities laws. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Arrow Exploration Corp. (Cdi) (AXL) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 22 minutes ago British Land Company 2 hours ago Knights Group Holdings 2 hours ago Aberforth Geared Value & Income Trust 4 hours ago CQS Natural Resources Growth and Income 6 hours ago Staffline Group All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and