BETA Close X Morgan Advanced Materials plc reported that trading in the first quarter was in line with expectations, with broad-based order intake stability across its divisions and end-markets, resulting in organic constant currency revenue growth of 6.2% against a weak prior year comparator. The company has maintained its full-year guidance for 2026 and has not observed any material direct or indirect trading impact from the conflict in the Middle East during the first quarter, while actively responding to inflationary pressures through pricing adjustments. Disclaimer* Morgan Advanced Materials PLC 07 May 2026 Press Release Morgan Advanced Materials plc 7 May 2026 AGM Trading Update Trading in-line; full-year guidance maintained Morgan Advanced Materials plc, the global leader in advanced ceramics and carbon systems for technologically demanding applications, announces a trading update in advance of its 2026 Annual General Meeting being held later today. Current Trading During the first quarter, we continued to see broad based order intake stability across the Group's divisions and end-markets. Noting the weak prior year comparator, and as expected, the Group delivered organic constant currency revenue 1 growth of 6.2%. 2026 Outlook Q1 trading was in line with expectations and our full year outlook for 2026 remains unchanged. We have not observed any material direct or indirect trading impact from the conflict in the Middle East in Q1, and are responding through pricing to offset inflationary impacts. We will continue to monitor this evolving situation including any further impact from the situation becoming prolonged. Damien Caby, Chief Executive Officer, commented: "Our Q1 trading was in line with our expectations and today we reconfirm our full year guidance for 2026. We are making good progress against our strategic priorities, including the strategic review of Thermal Products, and continue to focus on executing at pace against the strategy set out at our December 2025 Capital Markets Day." For further information, please contact: Richard Armitage, CFO Morgan Advanced Materials 01753 837 000 Nicholas Frost, Investor Relations Media enquiries: Nina Coad Brunswick 0207 404 5959 1 'Organic constant currency revenue': Group revenue excluding acquisition, disposal and business exit impacts with the current and prior year results translated at current year average exchange rates Important notice This announcement contains forward-looking statements. These statements have been made in good faith based on the information available up to the time of the approval of this announcement. No assurance can be given that these expectations will prove to have been correct. By their nature, forward-looking statements involve risks, uncertainties or assumptions that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. As such, undue reliance should not be placed on forward-looking statements. The Directors undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Morgan Advanced Materials (MGAM) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 7 minutes ago Roadside Real Estate 1 hour ago Taseko Mines Limited NPV (DI) 1 hour ago Taseko Mines Limited NPV (DI) 1 hour ago Xeros Technology Group 1 hour ago Plus500 Ltd (DI) All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and