BETA Close X Morgan Advanced Materials plc announced that Chief Financial Officer Richard Armitage intends to retire in the first half of 2027, with a process to identify his successor already underway to ensure a smooth transition. The company expressed gratitude for Armitage's contributions to strategy development and transformation programs. No further financial details or specific retirement dates were disclosed at this time. Disclaimer* Morgan Advanced Materials PLC 07 May 2026 Press Release Morgan Advanced Materials plc 7 May 2026 CFO Intention to retire Directorate Change Morgan Advanced Materials plc announces that Richard Armitage has informed the Board of his intention to retire as Chief Financial Officer. Richard will step down from his role and the Board during the first half of 2027. The Board has commenced a process to identify a successor and will make a further announcement in due course. Richard's retirement date should allow for a seamless handover to his successor. Ian Marchant, Chair of Morgan Advanced Materials, said: "Although he will not be leaving us for some time, I would like to take this opportunity, on behalf of the Board, to thank Richard for his support and invaluable contribution to Morgan. He has helped position the organisation for margin enhancing growth and led several transformation programmes. His contribution has been essential to designing our new strategy: 'Unlocking our Potential', and in leading its implementation." The company will provide an update once Richard's retirement date has been confirmed. There are no further details to be disclosed under UK Listing Rule 6.4. For further information, please contact: Richard Armitage, CFO Morgan Advanced Materials 01753 837 000 Nicholas Frost, Investor Relations Media enquiries: Nina Coad Brunswick 0207 404 5959 This announcement contains inside information. The person responsible for arranging the release of this announcement on behalf of Morgan Advanced Materials plc is Richard Armitage, Chief Financial Officer. The Company's LEI number is I4K14LL95N2PHDL7EG85. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Morgan Advanced Materials (MGAM) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 25 minutes ago Tharisa (DI) 1 hour ago PayPoint 1 hour ago Tritax Big Box Reit 1 hour ago Rockfire Resources 1 hour ago Sirius Real Estate Ltd. All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and