BETA Close X Morgan Advanced Materials PLC has filed a six-monthly block listing return for the period ending December 19, 2025, reporting no changes to the unallotted securities under its Sharesave Scheme and Long-Term Incentive Plan. The balance of unallotted securities remains at 2,160,273 for the Sharesave Scheme and 1,734,835 for the Long-Term Incentive Plan, as no new securities were added or issued during this reporting period. Disclaimer* Morgan Advanced Materials PLC 22 December 2025 BLOCK LISTING SIX MONTHLY RETURN (Note: Italicised terms have the same meaning as given in the Listing Rules.) Date: 22 DECEMBER 2025 Name of applicant : MORGAN ADVANCED MATERIALS PLC Name of schemes: a. THE MORGAN SHARESAVE SCHEME b. MORGAN ADVANCED MATERIALS PLC LONG-TERM INCENTIVE PLAN 2004 Period of return: From: 14.06.2025 To: 19.12.2025 Balance of unallotted securities under schemes from previous return: a. 2,160,273 b. 1,734,835 Plus: The amount by which the block schemes has been increased since the date of the last return (if any increase has been applied for): NIL UNDER EACH SCHEME Less: Number of securities issued/allotted under schemes during period (see UKLR20.6.7G): NIL UNDER EACH SCHEME Equals: Balance under schemes not yet issued/allotted at end of period: a. 2,160,273 b. 1,734,835 Name of contact: WIN CHIME COMPANY SECRETARY Email contact: Company.secretariat@morganplc.com This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Morgan Advanced Materials (MGAM) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 7 minutes ago Roadside Real Estate 1 hour ago Taseko Mines Limited NPV (DI) 1 hour ago Taseko Mines Limited NPV (DI) 1 hour ago Xeros Technology Group 1 hour ago Plus500 Ltd (DI) All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and