BETA Close X Morgan Advanced Materials plc has announced that its Group CEO and Group CFO will present the Half Year Results via Investor Meet Company on August 18, 2026, at 12:30 BST. This presentation is accessible to all current and potential shareholders, with the opportunity to submit questions in advance by August 17, 2026, at 09:00 BST, or during the live event. Disclaimer* Morgan Advanced Materials PLC 06 August 2026 Press Release Morgan Advanced Materials plc 6 August 2026 Investor Presentation via Investor Meet Company Morgan Advanced Materials plc, the global leader in advanced ceramics and carbon systems for technologically demanding applications, is pleased to announce that Damien Caby, Group CEO, and Richard Armitage, Group CFO, will provide a live presentation relating to the Half Year Results via Investor Meet Company on 18 Aug 2026, 12:30 BST. The presentation is open to all existing and potential shareholders. Questions can be submitted pre-event via your Investor Meet Company dashboard up until 17 Aug 2026, 09:00 BST, or at any time during the live presentation. Investors can sign up to Investor Meet Company for free and add to meet MORGAN ADVANCED MATERIALS PLC via: https://www.investormeetcompany.com/morgan-advanced-materials-plc/register-investor Investors who already follow MORGAN ADVANCED MATERIALS PLC on the Investor Meet Company platform will automatically be invited. For further information, please contact: Nicholas Frost, Investor Relations Morgan Advanced Materials 01753 837 000 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Morgan Advanced Materials (MGAM) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 25 minutes ago Tharisa (DI) 1 hour ago PayPoint 1 hour ago Tritax Big Box Reit 1 hour ago Rockfire Resources 1 hour ago Sirius Real Estate Ltd. All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and