BETA Close X Morgan Advanced Materials PLC has announced its voting rights and capital as of 31 January 2026, stating that its share capital comprises 276,676,409 ordinary shares of 25 pence each with voting rights, and 437,281 cumulative preference shares of £1.00 each that do not carry voting rights except in limited circumstances. The company has cancelled 8,693,579 ordinary shares as part of its share buyback programme, which concluded on 9 January 2026. Shareholders can use the figure of 276,676,409 ordinary shares as the denominator for calculating their notification obligations under the Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rules. Disclaimer* Morgan Advanced Materials PLC 02 February 2026 2 February 2026 Morgan Advanced Materials PLC (the "Company") Voting Rights and Capital The Company announces, in compliance with its obligations under Rules 5.6.1R and 5.6.2G of the FCA's Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rules, that as at 31 January 2026, the Company's share capital consisted of: · 276,676,409 Ordinary shares of 25 pence each, with equal voting rights; and · 437,281 Cumulative Preference shares of £1.00 each, which do not carry voting rights, save in specified limited circumstances. The Company does not hold any shares in Treasury. Under the share buyback programme announced on 5 November 2024, and paused after the completion of the second tranche on 9 January 2026, the Company has purchased (and subsequently cancelled) 8,693,579 Ordinary shares. The figure of 276,676,409 may be used by shareholders as the denominator for the calculations by which they will determine if they are required to notify their interest in, or a change to their interest in, the Company's shares under the Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rules. Contact : Win Chime, Group Company Secretary Morgan Advanced Materials plc company.secretariat@morganplc.com The Company's LEI code is I4K14LL95N2PHDL7EG85. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Morgan Advanced Materials (MGAM) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 7 minutes ago Roadside Real Estate 1 hour ago Taseko Mines Limited NPV (DI) 1 hour ago Taseko Mines Limited NPV (DI) 1 hour ago Xeros Technology Group 1 hour ago Plus500 Ltd (DI) All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and