BETA Close X Morgan Advanced Materials plc has published its 2025 Annual Report and Financial Statements, along with the Notice of its 2026 Annual General Meeting to be held on May 7, 2026. These documents, including a Form of Proxy, are now available to shareholders and have been uploaded to the National Storage Mechanism and the company's website. The full, unedited text of the regulated information required by Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rule 6.3.5R(1A) is contained within the 2025 Annual Report. Disclaimer* Morgan Advanced Materials PLC 26 March 2026 26 March 2026 Morgan Advanced Materials plc (the 'Company') Publication of 2025 Annual Report and Notice of 2026 Annual General Meeting The following documents have today been posted or otherwise made available to shareholders: · Annual Report and Financial Statements for the year ended 31 December 2025 (2025 Annual Report); · Notice of the 2026 Annual General Meeting (AGM) to be held at Slaughter and May's Offices, One Bunhill Row London EC1Y 8YY , on Thursday 7 May 2026 at 10.30am; and · Form of Proxy for the 2026 AGM. In accordance with UK Listing Rule 6.4.1, copies of the above documents have been uploaded to the National Storage Mechanism (NSM) and will be available for viewing shortly at: https://data.fca.org.uk/#/nsm/nationalstoragemechanism . In accordance with Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rule 6.3.5R(1A), the regulated information required to be disclosed is contained in full, unedited text within the 2025 Annual Report uploaded to the NSM. The documents are also available on the Company's website at http:// www.morganadvancedmaterials.com/2026AGM . For further information please contact: Win Chime Company Secretary Company.Secretariat@morganplc.com Legal Entity Identifier: I4K14LL95N2PHDL7EG85 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Morgan Advanced Materials (MGAM) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 7 minutes ago Roadside Real Estate 1 hour ago Taseko Mines Limited NPV (DI) 1 hour ago Taseko Mines Limited NPV (DI) 1 hour ago Xeros Technology Group 1 hour ago Plus500 Ltd (DI) All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and