Morgan Advanced Materials pic
Annual Report 2019

Advancing
materials
science

Registered in England and Wales
No. 286773

*A970B19E*

A0g 22/06/2020 #253
COMPANIES HOUSE

MONDAY

There are significant trends
shaping our modern world.

Resources are becoming more scarce and harder

to access, our climate and environment are changing,

and the pace of innovation and technology change
is accelerating. Each of these directly or indirectly
puts more demand on materials. Advanced
materials have never been more important.

As the world strives to make
better use of limited resources,
the demands on our materials,
and on our materials science
capabilities, are rapidly increasing.
At Morgan Advanced Materials our purpose is to
use advanced materials to help make more efficient
use of the world’s resources and to improve the
quality of life. Our highly experienced scientists
and application engineers are working with our
customers to find new solutions to complex and
technologically demanding problems.

Advanced

materials

and materials science
have never been
more important

Front cover image: clay graphite crucible from the Molten Metal Systems global business unit.

The modern crucible is a highly heterogeneous, graphite-based composite material. which relies

on its material composition and control of the graphite’s structural alignment to achieve the performance
required. Learn more about matching your crucible to your application at www.morganmms.com

2019 highlights

Health, safety and
Headline performance Statutory performance environmental performance
Revenue Operating profit Lost-time accident frequency
per 100,000 hours worked
£1,049.5m £126.lm 0.14
2018: £1,033.9m 2018: £107.3m 2018: 0.22
2017: £1,001.4m 2017: £159.1m 2017: 0.38
Group headline operating profit Profit before tax Energy intensity
Mwhilm revenue
£134.2m £109.7m — 1,080
2018: £124.8m 2018: £94.9m 2018: 1,130
2017: £120.7m 2017: £136.8m 2017; 1,164
~ Read more about our products
q 3
Headline EPS' Continuing EPS and our markets on page 3, our
business model on pages 6 and 7,
sustainability and responsibility
0) ‘on pages 10 to 17, and our
. ° stakeholders on page 18.
2018: 26.7p 2018: 20.0p
2017: 22.8p 2017: 38.Ip
Total dividend per share ‘Continuing and discontinued EPS?
Il.0p 25./p
2018: 11.0p 2018: 16.2p
2017: 11.0p 2017: 37.8p

Throughout the Annual Report, induding the Strategic Report, adjusted measures are used to describe the Group's financial performance. These adjusted
measures are not recognised under IFRS or other generally accepted accounting prindples (GAAP). The Executive Committee and the Board manage and
assess the performance of the business on these measures and believe that they are more representative of ongoing trading, faditate year-on-year comparisons,

and hence provide additional usefu information to shareholders. Throughout this Report these non-GAAP measures are dear identified by an asterisk (*) where
‘they appear in text, and by a footnote where they appear in tables and charts. Definitions and reconciliations of these non-GAAP measures to the relevant GAAP.
‘measures can be found in the Group Financial Review on pages 42 to 44.

Contents

Overview

2019 highlights 1
Morgan at a glance 2
‘Our products and our markets 3
‘Chairman's statement 4
Chief Executive Officer's review 5
Strategic Report

Our business model 6
Sustainability and responsibilty 8
Our stakeholders 18
Group strategy 19
Our strategy in action 20
Key performance indicators 4
Risk management 26
Review of operations 32

Group financial review
Directors’ statements
Definitions and reconciliations of

non-GAAP measures to GAAP measures

Governance

Chairman's letter to shareholders
Board in action

Board of Directors

Corporate goverance

Report of the Audit Committee
Report of the Nomination Committee
Remuneration report

Other disclosures

Independent auditor's report to the

38
4l

42

members of Morgan Advanced Materials plc 86

Financial Statements
Consolidated income statement
Consolidated statement

‘of comprehensive income
Consolidated balance sheet
Consolidated statement of changes
in equity

Consolidated statement of cash flows
Notes to the consolidated

financial statements

‘Company balance sheet

Company statement of changes in equity

Notes to the Company balance sheet
Group statistical information
Cautionary statement

Glossary of terms

Shareholder information

a

92
93

94
9S

%
140
141
142
158
Is9
160
161

Morgan Advanced Materials | Annual Report 2019

MaIAsAQ)

uoday >ifareng

aouRUaros

sauawiarerg je!ueuly

Morgan at a glance

Then and now

We have come a long way since 1856. Then we

changed the industrial landscape with the introduction

of revolutionary new graphite crucibles. Today, crucibles
represent just 5% of our business, but we are still leading
and innovating for our customers.

We have distinctive competencies in

> Materials science capability and process know-how.

> Application engineering.

> Customer focus.

Read more about our strategy in action pages 20to 23 @

We use two fundamental sets
of materials:

Ceramics

Ceramics typically have high melting points and are used to make
high-performance insulation. They are also hard, chemically resistant
and abrasion resistant, are electrical insulators, and we use these
structural properties in a range of applications.

We manufacture and install a wide range of thermal insulation products
that significantly reduce energy consumption and emissions in a variety
of high-temperature processing applications. Structural ceramics are
exploited for their strength, abrasion resistance and chemical stability,
to make power tubes for medical scanners and implanted medical
devices. They are used in the manufacture of semiconductors, glass
and metals, and as mechanical valve components in demanding
applications,

Carbon

We use carbon for its electrical conductivity, and produce leading
carbon grades for power generation, rail collector and wind power
applications, We use the inert and low-friction properties of carbon
to make seals and bearings for a wide variety of applications from
jet engines to automotive vacuum pumps. We also exploit the
high-temperature stability in inert atmospheres of carbon to
produce insulation for vacuum furnaces, semiconductor
applications and crucibles.

2 Morgan Advanced Materials | Annual Report 2019

Our products and our markets

The Thermal
Products division
comprises the
Thermal Ceramics
and Molten Metal
Systems global
business units.

The Carbon

and Technical
Ceramics division
comprises the
Electrical Carbon,
Seals and Bearings
and Technical
Ceramics global
business units.

Thermal Ceramics
manufactures advanced ceramic
materials, products and systems
for thermal insulation in
high-temperature environments.

We engineer systems for the
safety of people and equipment
in demanding applications.

Our products help customers,
especially those operating
energy-intensive processes,

to reduce energy consumption,
emissions and operating costs.

Our products are used

in high-temperature

industrial processing of metals,
petrochemicals, cement,
ceramics and glass, and by
manufacturers of equipment for
aerospace, automotive, marine
and domestic applications in
insulation and fire protection

Electrical Carbon develops
and manufactures a wide range
of products which are used

to transfer electrical current
between stationary and rotating
or linear moving parts in motor,
generator, and current collector
applications. Our products are
engineered for specific customer
applications and they are often
required to operate in harsh

or extreme environments.
Electrical Carbon’s main
markets are rail, industrial drives,
power generation, iron and
steel, mining and wind power
generation. The business's

core strength is its longstanding
materials and applications
experience and its ability

to engineer appropriate,

reliable solutions for individual
customer requirements.

Our product range includes
electrical carbon brushes and
collectors, brush holders, slip
rings and linear transfer systems.

Seals and Bearings makes
high-performance setf-
lubricating bearing and seal
components, used

applications. Our core strength
is our ability to address individual
customer requirements,

using our materials and our
applications expertise to design,
manufacture and install optimum
thermal solutions.

Our product range indudes
high-temperature insulating fibre
products, microporous
products, firebricks, monolithic
Products, heat shields, fired
refractory shapes and structural
block insulation products.

Molten Metal Systems
manufactures an extensive range
of high-performance crucibles
and foundry consumables for
non-ferrous metal melting
applications. We provide melting
solutions for foundries,
die-casters and melting facilities

predominantly in pumps,
industrial and domestic, or other
sealing applications. We use
advanced carbon/graphite,
silicon carbide, alumina and
Zirconia materials to engineer
lightweight, low-friction bearings
and seals, These materials help
solve the problems associated
with use of lubricants in extreme
temperatures, corrosive or
hygienic environments and
where access is restricted, and
are engineered into a wide
variety of products and
customer-specific solutions.

The business’s components
often help to extend the
operating life of customers’
equipment and make it more
energy-efficient. The main
markets served are specialist
applications in the oil and gas,
automotive, industrial, water
pump, aerospace and home
appliance sectors.

Our product range indudes
seals, bearings and general
pump components (shafts,
vanes, rotors and washers).

Morgan Advanced Materials | Annual Report 2019

working with zinc, precious
metals, aluminium, copper,
brass, bronze and other
non-ferrous metals.

With our extensive
applications experience
and process knowledge
Molten Metal Systems helps
customers put together the
‘optimal system for their needs.
The global business unit works
with customers in non-ferrous
castings, metal powder
production, refining and
recycling of precious metals and
the production of pure
aluminium for electronics
applications.

Our product range includes
crucibles and foundry products.

Technical Ceramics
engineers high-performance
functional and structural ceramic
materials, components and
sub-assemblies to address
customer-specific technical
challenges. The business
employs advanced materials
science and applications
expertise to produce parts that
enhance reliability or improve
the performance of its
customers’ products. Much of
what the global business unit
makes is used in demanding,
harsh or critical environments.
The global business unit works
in selected segments of the
electronics and semiconductor,
energy, healthcare, industrial,
petrochemicals, security and
transport markets, typically in
dose collaborative customer
relationships.

Our product range includes
structural ceramic components,
engineered coatings, ceramic to
metal assemblies including
brazed and metalised
assemblies, ceramic cores,
braze alloys and ceramic

tubes and rollers.

3

MBIAIZAQ

uoday >Bare.ns

@2uRWuaA0s

squawareas jemueuly

Chairman's statement

lam pleased to introduce Morgan’s
Annual report for 2019 having
completed my first year as Chairman
of the Group. Over the last year | have
spent time learning more about the
business, visiting a number of our sites
in Europe and the United States.

During these visits | have been able to engage
directly with a significant cross-section of our
employees from production operators, research
scientists, sales people and administration staff to
supervisors and managers. These interactions
have enabled me to reinforce the messages
regarding Morgan's culture and the “Morgan
Code” as well as receiving honest and in some
cases robust feedback from our employees
which | have been able to share with my Board
colleagues. My lasting impression though is of an
enthusiastic workforce that is embracing the
strategies of the Executive Committee and is
committed to working safely and ethically. |
thank all of our employees for their hard work in
improving the business and achieving the 2019
results presented here.

In my statement for last year’s Annual Report

| indicated that we were experiencing a slowing
‘of economic growth and tightening of market
conditions as we looked to 2019. As expected
our markets turned out to be every bit as
challenging as we forecast. Several companies
considered to be industrial market peers of
Morgan have indicated profit warnings during
2019. itis pleasing to report therefore that
Morgan has achieved another year of underlying
organic® growth with strong cash flow and
reduced underlying leverage. This continued
growth against the backdrop of difficult market
conditions demonstrates the efficacy of the
strategies that Pete Raby as CEO and his team

continue to pursue. Moreover, the persistent
focus on operational efficiencies and improved
sales force effectiveness has also led to an
increase in operating margins.

Shareholders often ask how we know whether
expenditure on R&D is effective. My answer to.
this is to look to the Group's results. Our R&D
has a dual focus. Firstly, on understanding the
fundamental chemistries of our product range
and the processes we employ to produce them.
| characterise this as a move from slavish
adherence to well-tried recipes to real advanced
materials science. This is leading to incremental
increases in product yields, quality and
production efficiencies. The evidence for the
effectiveness of this is, in part, demonstrated by
‘our improved margins. The second focus is on
new product development where R&D is,
leading to the introduction of distinct new
products. This always takes longer than we
would like as our customers are naturally
conservative and cautious, requiring proof of
fitness for purpose through stringent product
qualification testing before adopting Morgan's
new components into their own products.
Nevertheless we are seeing several new
products breaking though to our markets which
will in time result in further growth.

Group culture

The Board's overriding concern while pursuing
the Group's business is that we should embrace
a culture of always “doing the right thing” in ways
that are respectful to all Morgan's stakeholders
and the environment. The Board has zero
tolerance of accidents and unsafe practices

and insists that we should operate ethically.

In 2019 the Group achieved a further reduction
in the rate of accidents and improved our
environmental footprint through reduced energy
and water intensities. We continue to focus on

4 Morgan Advanced Materials | Annual Report 2019

66

| have sperit tne at a
number of our sites,

my lasting impression

is of an enthusiastic
workforce that is
embracing the strategies of
the Executive Committee
and is committed to
working safely and ethically,

Douglas Caster CBE FIET
Chairman

improving our employee diversity and
strengthening the Board's engagement with
the workforce, | have commented how | have
engaged with our people during my site visits.
My non-executive director Board colleagues
have also visited, separately, several other sites
throughout the year to meet employees and
provide feedback to the Board. As a result the
Board has significantly stepped up engagement
with our employees to gain an independent,
consolidated view of their aspirations and
concerns as well as a health check on our culture.

Board changes during 2019

During the year Clement Woon joined the
Board as a non-executive director. Clement
brings extensive knowledge and experience

of operating in Asian markets and we welcome
his advice to the Board on this region.

Our outlook

As we move into 2020, our markets remain
challenging and we are expecting weak

market conditions from 2019 to persist.
However we will continue to press on with

the implementation of our strategy and | look
forward to seeing what can be achieved in 2020.

Douglas Caster CBE FIET
Chairman

Chief Executive Officer’s review

66

| am pleased with the
further strategic and
financial progress we have
made in 2019, with our
strategy continuing to
deliver, enhancing our
growth and profitability.

Pete Raby
Chief Executive Officer

In our third successive year of organic*
growth, revenue and headline
operating profic* grew 0.8% and 4.3%
respectively in a challenging external
market environment. We expanded
our headline operating profit margin*
to 12.8% reflecting good operational
cost control and the benefit from
organic revenue* growth in our faster
growing market segments.

These results demonstrate that our strategy
is delivering. Over the last four years we have
significantly strengthened our leadership teams,
we have increased our investment in research
and development by £10 milion per year funded
through operational improvements, we have
strengthened our sales teams, improved
‘operational performance and simplified the
portfolio, This has improved the health of our
business and returned the business to growth.

Our top priority is delivering a safe and ethical
working environment and we have improved

in both areas during the year. We have reduced
our Lost-time accident rate (accidents per
100,000 hours worked) by 36%, from 0.22 to
0.14. This reflects the importance we place on
safety across the business and the benefits of
‘our ‘thinkSAFE' programme.

‘We have continued the focus on ethical working.
following the launch of the Morgan Code in
2018. We have completed over 35,000 on-line
training courses during the year covering key
aspects of the Morgan Code induding
anti-bribery and corruption, conflicts of interest,
intellectual property and workplace harassment.

Against the four execution priorities we
set at the beginning of the year we have
progressed well:

1. We have made good progress on key
technology developments with new
products starting to come to market.

‘Our stage gate process is now fully
deployed for the priority development
projects across the Group.

. Our sales capability developed further during
the year with sales training deployed across
the majority of the sales team and our
customer relationship management (CRM)
system deployed to more of the tearn.

3. We have launched new talent development
programmes to develop leadership capability
at various levels and we have developed our
leadership teams through focused team
development activities.

4. We have improved operational
performance, improving efficiency through
the deployment of lean tools and
approaches, through automation, targeted
continuous improvement projects and
through procurement projects.

nN

Group results

Trading conditions were challenging during the

year with weakness in global industrial markets

and significant slowdowns in automotive and

semiconductor markets. Despite these difficult

market conditions, we made good progress

during the year:

> Group revenue in 2019 was £1,049.5 million,
1.5% above the prior year at reported rates
and 0.8% higher on an organic constant-
currency* basis.

> The 2019 headline operating profit® margin
was 12.8% a 70bps expansion over the
prior year.

> Group headline earnings per share® was
28.0 pence (2018: 26.7 pence).

> Net capital expenditure was £54.9 million
(2018: £53.1 million), our second year of
Significant investment as we invest in new
equipment to support operational
efficiencies, add additional capacity in select
growth areas and catch up underinvestment
in some parts of the business.

> Free cash flow* was £59.2 million
(2018: £48.5 million).

> Net debt* was £221.1 million (2018: £180.0
million), and induded lease liabilities of £64.3
million, with a net debt* to EBITDA* ratio of 1.3x.

> Ona statutory reporting basis operating
profit was £126.1 million (2018: £1073
million) and profit before tax was £109.7
million (2018: £949 million), see pages 32
to 40 for more details.

Outlook

In 2020 we are expecting similar market conditions
to 2019, with weak industrial and automotive
markets persisting and geo-political uncertainties
remaining, However, we expect growth in our
faster growing market segments to more than
offset these market weaknesses. Beyond the
underlying trends in the business, we have
headwinds from foreign exchange translation and
the completion of our ext from the Electro-
ceramics site in the US. We expect to continue
to make further strategic progress with the
continuation of our sales effectiveness programme,
improving operational efficiency and driving a
number of key new product developments
forward. Based on our current assessment of
business trends and orders, we expect Group
organic constant-currency revenue" growth for the
full year to be in the range of flat to modest growth,
with the first half slightly below this trend, due to
the impact of the coronavirus (ee page 39).

Final | would lke to thank our employees for
their hard work and support during 2019.

Pete Raby
Chief Executive Officer

Morgan Advanced Materials | AnnualReport 2019 5

MaIAJ2AQ)

suoday >/8ae.15

a2URUJaADD

squawareg je!2ueU! 4

Our business model

Our business model is fundamental to our ability
to create value for our stakeholders and build a

sustainable competitive advantage.

What drives our business

> Our purpose
Our purpose is to use advanced materials to help make more

efficient use of the world’s resources and to improve the quality
of life.

We fulfil our purpose through the products we make, and the
way we make them:

Our insulation products reduce energy usage in high-
temperature processes — from aluminium production to solar
panel production.

Our crucibles use less energy to hold molten metal for
aluminium and copper casting.

Our self-lubricating seals and bearings reduce the energy
consumption of pumps in everything from domestic appliances
to power stations to chemical plants.

We enable electrification for cleaner public transport,
helping those systems to run ever more efficiently.

We enable medical diagnostics with our ceramic tubes

for x-ray devices in medical scanners.

We enable the production of more efficient and faster
microprocessors, enabling the digital world and the benefits
to the environment and health that brings.

Our products transform the lives of people around the world
and make more efficient use of the world’s resources.

> Our products and our markets

‘We manufacture an extensive range of specialist products,
satisfying a variety of niche applications across numerous
end-markets.

We work in the industrial, transportation, petrochemical and
chemical, energy, semiconductor and electronics, healthcare
and security and defence markets.

Read more pages 3 and 32to 40 @

> Our structure

The Group's products are produced within the two global
divisions and five global business units which Morgan operates:
Thermal Products division, organised in two global
business units: Thermal Ceramics, Molten Metal Systems.
Carbon and Technical Ceramics division, organised into
three global business units: Electrical Carbon, Seals and
Bearings, Technical Ceramics.

6 Morgan Advanced Materials | Annual Report 2019

How we add value

> Our strategy for growth

We have a strategy to make sure that we are the leaders in our
field, with the customer and materials insight to apply our
capabilities quickly and effectively.

We will succeed because we have leading capability in three
key areas:

> Materials science
> Application engineering
> Customer focus

We will serve markets
that are growing and
where we have room
to grow and where our
customers value our
differentiated products
and services.

Read more pages 190 23 @

Our business model foundations

Whilst the world and our business is changing our commitment
to safety and ethics, and leading in the right way, is a constant,
underpinning everything we do. We will not compromise on:

> Safety

‘Our ultimate goal is zero harm. We are constantly looking
for ways to make our factories, systems and people safer.

> Ethics

Every one of us is responsible for the culture and reputation
of Morgan and the environment in which we work. If we see
‘examples of behaviours that do not reflect our ethical stance,
we show courage, stand up, call it out and stop it.

Adapt and thrive

(Our world is changing at an extraordinary pace. We can
and should be right at the forefront of that change because
the world needs advanced materials more than ever. To fulfil
our purpose we need to deliver the material science and
technologies the world needs. We must be agile, building
leading materials understanding. We need to anticipate
customer needs before our competitors to become the clear
first choice for materials performance, service and delivery.

> What differentiates us

Increasing technical differentiation in materials science and
application engineering, using two fundamental sets of materials:
ceramics and carbon.

> Research and development investment has been increased
to build Morgan's technical lead and to accelerate new
product development.

> The Centres of Excellence allow for the concentration of
development efforts in those areas which can deliver the
greatest benefit globally to the Group.

> Our engineered solutions are developed to exacting
specifications and deliver ever-greater performance
through materials and production process innovation.

> We are producing materials that can work at higher
temperatures, higher pressures, in more corrosive and
abrasive applications, at more precise tolerances and in
smaller form factors than ever before.

Read more on page 20 @

> Our people and culture

100

Countries selling into

30
8, 600

Approdimate employees

Making a difference
Driving sustainable growth and
ensuring our value is shared across
all our stakeholder groups.

> Investors

Delivering sustainable
shareholder returns.

> Customers

Creating world-class solutions
which build competitive
advantage.

> Employees

Developing and nurturing
talent in a safe and ethical
working environment.

> Suppliers

Ensuring security of our
global supply chain.

> Pensioners

Fulfilling our pension

We value our employees and the contribution they make, and we are
committed to creating an inclusive culture where everyone can fulfil their
potential. This is essential if we are to attract and retain talented people
and drive creativity and innovation to solve our customers’ demanding
materials challenges. > Communities

—> Morgan behaviours — always working safely,
ethically and inclusively contribution to the local

(Our behaviours are central to the way we work. We live by them communities in which
every single day. They are how we deliver our strategy. we work,

commitments to current
and previous employees.

Delivering a positive

~> We are ambitious about the future.
> We build strong teams.
> We are relentless in driving performance.

Read more on page 18 @

Our behaviours determine our actions, our approach to.
managing our risks and opportunities and the stewardship
of our leaders through sound governance and policies.

Read more on pages |2 and 13 @

Morgan Advanced Materials | Annual Report 2019

MAIA2AQ

woday siBarens

‘@2DUBUIAAOS

squawiarers je!ueUly

Sustainability and responsibility

Our purpose is to use advanced materials to help make more
efficient use of the world’s resources, and to improve the quality
of life. This purpose guides our actions, aiding our efforts to work
with our environment, informs how we treat our people and
ensures we fulfil our responsibility of good corporate governance.

Our 2019 sustainability and responsibility focus areas

These sustainability and responsibility issues are the ones that could impact our
business the most and that are of greatest interest to our stakeholders.

> HEALTH AND SAFETY

> CONDUCTING OUR
BUSINESS ETHICALLY

> OUR PEOPLE

Non-financial information

This Strategic Report includes certain non-financial information.
We measure non-financi

---

ds of business conduct.

The Board has confirmed that the Group's key stakeholders are its
investors, customers, employees, suppliers, pensioners and pension
trustees and communities, as set out in the business model on pages 6
and 7.

The key stakeholders, why they are significant, the main methods used
to engage with them, and the issues raised by /of interest to the
stakeholders are set out on page 8.

Further information on the mechanisms used by the Board to engage with
key stakeholders, in particular with investors and the workforce, can be
found on pages 16 and 51 to 52 of the Corporate Governance Report.

The Board considers the long-term success of the Group when
conducting its business, for example, when monitoring the
implementation of the Group strategy, approving investments in new
product development, approving capital expenditure to upgrade plant
and equipment and in overseeing the development of Morgan's people.
Further details of the Group's strategy can be found on pages 9 to 23.

The Board is committed to fostering a safe, ethical and inclusive workplace
and has spent a considerable amount of time during 2019 engaging with a
diverse cross-section of employees in a range of situations, as well as.
monitoring and assessing the Group's culture. These insights have
informed the Board's discussion when reviewing reports on health,

safety and environmental matters, monitoring progress in relation to
embedding ethical conduct and implementation of the Morgan Code,

and strengthening the capabilities of the current and future potential
leadership team.

Further information on our people, our Environmental, Health and Safety
performance and policies and how the Group maintains high standards
of ethical conduct can be found in this ‘Sustainability and responsibilty’
section on pages 8 to 17,

The principal matters and key decisions considered by the Board during
2019 are set out on pages 55 and 56 of the Corporate Governance
Report. By way of example, case studies illustrating how the Board

has incorporated the insights obtained from its engagement with key
stakeholders and the factors and issues of interest to them, are set out
on pages 5I and 52 of the Corporate Governance Report,

The United Nations Sustainable
Development Goals (UNSDG)

UNSD6Gs aim is to overcome global challenges such as inequality and
climate change and present the opportunity to put the world ona
more sustainable path. At Morgan, our core purpose, to use
advanced materials to help make more efficient use of the world's
resources and improve the quality of life, and the way we operate
contribute directly to goals 3, 7, 8, 9, 11, 12.

Through the ‘Sustainability and responsibility’ and ‘Our strategy in
action’ sections of this Strategic Report we outline how we are
contributing to these goals.

We supply products that support innovation and
advancement across our end market sectors:

We help our customers manage heat, reducing their energy usage;
‘our insulation products reduce energy usage in high-temperature
processes — from aluminium production to solar panel production.
‘Our crucibles use less energy to hold molten metal for aluminium

and copper casting.

We enable greener electricity generation; our carbon brushes are
integral to wind turbines and power generators, our ceramic rollers are
used to make thin film solar panels, our insulation is used in solar towers
and steam turbines, our ceramic cores are used to make more efficient
industrial gas turbines. Our self-lubricating seals and bearings and our
ceramic shafts reduce the energy consumption of pumps in everything
from domestic appliances to power stations to chemical plants.

We enable electrification for cleaner public transport; our products
help reduce energy costs by enabling electrification in rail and metro
systems, and by helping those systems to run ever more efficiently.

We improve quality of life; we enable medical diagnostics with our
power tubes in medical scanners. Our feedthroughs are at the core of
cochlear implants, our seals are used in blood pumps.

We help to keep people safe; we provide fire protection in everything
from cars to tunnels to ships to oil platforms.

We enable the digital world, and all the benefits to the environment
and health that brings; we enable the production of more efficient and
faster microprocessors.

Asa Group we have clear waste, water and energy reduction targets and
programmes, with greenhouse gas emission reduction programmes in
place as we continue to improve the effidency of our processes at our
manufacturing sites.

Health and well-being programmes for all our employees such as

“Better You Better Life’ and healthcare for our employees and their
families, ensuring healthy lives and well-being at all ages,

Promoting an inclusive and safe working culture and environment for
all our employees.

Morgan Advanced Materials | Annual Report 2019

9

MBIAIZAQ

woday aBare5

‘BDURUJOAOS)

squawares jenueU!

Sustainability and responsibility continued

With the long-term aim of an injury-free workplace, we are committed
to conducting all our activities in a manner that achieves high standards
of health and safety for all employees and stakeholders. The Group's
long-term objective is ‘Zero harm’. We aim to deliver year-on-year
improvements in performance as we progress towards this objective.

Health and safety

Our Health and safety (H&S)
Policy is regularly reviewed and
is communicated across all sites
within the Group and is applied
to all businesses worldwide.

@ see morganadvancedmaterials.com/
en-gb/sustainability-responsibility/
health-sofety for more information
‘on our safety policies.

Policy and framework

Morgan's H&S Policy provides all Morgan
locations with minimum standards, advice and
guidance. Our minimum standard is based on
current requirements from the UK and US
legislative codes and associated best practices.
Ifa local in-country standard is higher than
these, the sites are required to achieve the local
standard, There are a number of key policies
that are priorities. The compliance audit
programme is conducted against the H&S
framew