SATURDAY

TT

i. 7706/2023

COMPANIES HOUSE

y, ‘“ Loe 4
Ket
\
an ean

Resilient,
Sustainable,
Innovative.

Overview

Morgan Advanced Menerials fs a business ctch in history
and innovation. Founded tn the Ul fin 1856, we

have grown into a global exganization with 70 sites tin

18 countries. Our model to serve our ausiomers where -
they need us has led to a diversified product range
using our unparalleled expertise in caramic and carbon
qnaterials, whidh we exploit to solve ciittauk problems
for our customers across a diverse range of markets,

We are a purpose driven organization. Our purpese
is to use ackenced materials to make the werld more

sustainable end to improve the quelli of Iie. We deliver
on thet purpose through the products that we make,
and the way thet we make tham.

We hellp our eustomers push the limits of their processes

and products to mest the damanding requirements thay
face, from higher process temperatures to higher product
performance to inereasing minkturiseatiion,

Sustainable solutions We play a role in helping the world become more
sustainable, enabling energy transition through our

for a greener future products and by reducing our own environmental impact.
Our approach to sustainability is embedded within our

strategy. We see this as fundamental to our future growth
and resilience, and to delivering exceptional value to our

stakeholders and building a company that our people can
LY be proud of.

© Read more on pages 32 1039

Contents

STRATEGIC REPORT

Overview Inside Front Cover _ Listening to employees 2
Morgan in numbers 2 Assessing Board performance 74
Business overview 6 UK Corporate Governance Code 2018
Investment case 8 compliance statement 15
Chair's statement 10 Report of the Audit Committee 19
Business model 12. Report of the Nomination Committee 86
Market context 14 Remuneration report 90
Strategy overview 16 Other disclosures 7
CEO review 18 Independent auditor's report to the members
Strategy in action 20 of Morgan Advanced Materials ple 121
Stakeholders 24
Section 172(1) statement 28 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Non-financial information statement 30 Consolidated income statement 130
Environmental, Social & Governance goals 32 Consolidated statement of
TCD 33 comprehensive income 131
Risk management 40 Consolidated balance sheet 132
Review of operations 48 Consolidated statement of changes in equity 133
Group financial review 50 Consolidated statement of cash flows 134
Directors’ staternents g5 Notes to the consolidated
financial statements 135
Definitions and reconciliations of non-GAAP
measures to GAAP measures 57 Company balance sheet 186
Company statement of changes in equity 187
GOVERNANCE Notes to the Company balance sheet 188
Chair's letter to shareholders 61 Group statistical information 205
Board of Directors 62. Cautionary statement 206
Governance at a glance 64 Glossary of terms 206
Strategic oversight by the Board 66 Shareholder information 207
Measuring and living our culture 68
Our strategy in action
Making a big positive Delighting Innovating
difference the customer to grow
© See page 20 © See page 22 © See page 23

| - Morgan Advanced Materials ple Annual Report 2022

Morgan in numbers

We assess our
across a wide
range of metrics,
Yo support the
and to monitor
the Board of
the Exsautiive
use a number
of finencfal key
incheators (<Pis).

Financial KPls

(statutory and adjusted performance KPIs)

Revenue (£m)

Performance
‘Ona reported basis, revenue increased by
£161.6 million, 17.0%, reflecting continued
strong demand across all global business units.
See the Review of operations on pages 48

to 49 for more detail

112
910.7 950.5

Organic constant currency
revenue growth’ (%)

Performance

Onan organic constant currency’ basis
revenue grew by 11.2%, with growth across
all global business units. See the Review of
operations on pages 48 to 49 for more detail.

(nay

Adjusted operating
profit margin‘ (%)

Performance
Margin improvement from increased
volumes, with pricing and efficiency
savings more than offsetting cost inflation.
See the Review of operations on

pages 48 to 49 for more detail

Free cash flow before acquisitions,
disposals and dividends’ (£m)

Performance

Lower free cash flow’ from a one-off pension
contribution of £67.0m and increased investment
in working capital to secure our supply chain and
capital expenditure to support ongoing growth

72.4 662

(46.9)

Throughout the Annual Report, including the Strategic Report, adjusted measures are used to describe the Group's financial
performance. These adjusted measures are not recognised under IFRS or other generally accepted accounting principles
(GAAP). These measures are shown because the Directors consider they provide useful information to shareholders
including additional insight into ongoing tvading and year-on-year comparisons. These non-GAAP measures should be
viewed as complementary to, not replacements for, the comparable GAAP measures, Throughout this Report these
non-GAAP measures are clearly identified by an asterisk () where they appear in text, and by a footnote where they appear
in tables and charts, Definitions and ceconciiations of these non-GAAP measures to the relevant GAAP measures can be

found in the Group Financial Review on pages 57 10 59.

2.- Morgan Advanced Materials ple Annual Report 2022

Our financial KPls are a balanced set of metrics which help the Board and the
Executive Committee assess performance and progress against our execution
priorities and business plans. These and other KPls are used to evaluate operating
performance and make financial, strategic and operating decisions.

Operating profit (ém)

Performance
‘Operating profit improvement from increased
volumes, with pricing and efficiency savings more
than offsetting cost inflation. See the Review of
‘operations on pages 48 to 49 for more detail

140.8
113.0

(1.8)
20 21 n

Continuing EPS (p)

Performance
Benefits arising from increased volumes across all
global business units, with pricing and efficiency
savings more than offsetting cost inflation.

30.6

(8.6)

20

Dividend per share (p)

Performance
The Board has committed to growing the
dividend with earnings to around 2.5 times
dividend cover. For the year ended
31 December 2022, the Board is recommending
a dividend equivalent to 2.8 times.

12.0

20 21 2

Return on invested capital’ (%)

Performance

Higher return on invested capital’, as we have
increased investment in working capital and
capital expenditure to support improved

Adjusted EPS" (p)

Performance

Benefits arising from increased volumes
across all global business units, with pricing
and efficiency savings more than offsetting

Net debt’ to EBITDA’
(excluding lease liabilities) ()

Performance

Net debt” to EBITDA’ (excluding lease liabilities)
was 0.8 times at the end of 2022, following

a one-off pension contribution of £67,0m,

adjusted operating profit, cost inflation increased working capital investment and
increased capital expenditure
33.8
22.4
20.5 272 0.8 0.8
13.0 19.0
0.3
20 21 2 20 21 2 20 21 2

3 - Morgan Advanced Materials plc Annual Report 2022

“The continuing and discominued EPS KPI has been
removed irom the 2022 Anal Report because the
impact of discontinued operations i reducing. I has
been replaced with net debt to EBITDA excucing lease
liabilities) because this metric is a key part of the financial
framework which supports our investment proposition
ar set out inthe Chil Executive Officers review on

page 19.

Morgan in numbers continued

At Morgan Advanced Materials we are committed to a sustainable future. In March 2021,
we set stretching goals across a number of environmental, social and governance areas.

Key environmental, social and governance (ESG) measures

€O,¢ scope | and 2 emissions (metric tonnes)

Alignment to strategy
oB:

Why do we measure this KPI?

(Our sustainability agenda includes actions to reduce greenhouse
gas (GHG) emissions and combat dimate change. In March 2021,
we announced a commitment to reduce absolute GHG emissions
(cope | and 2) by 50% (against 2015 levels) by 2030.

Overall water withdrawal (million m’)

Alignment to strategy
g:

Why do we measure this KPI?
By 2030, we will reduce our total withdrawal of water by 30% (against our
2015 baseline), and we are implementing water sustainability projects
globally to achieve this goal.

2.7
338-531 318,042 1.88 1.93 Target
276,678 1.73 1S
1.50
229-887 211,104 Target
I I 171,347
9 20 2030 18 9 20 21 22 2030

Lost-time accident (LTA) rate"

Alignment to strategy

Why do we measure this KPI?
We are working towards our aspiration of zero harm to all our
employees. We are committed to conducting all our activities
in a manner that builds a caring safety culture and develops

2 world-class safety system that supports this effort.

Employee engagement rate

Alignment to strategy
M2;

Why do we measure this KPI?
We measure the engagement of our people through an all-employee
engagement survey called "Your Voice’. As a result of the survey we build
a tailored engagement plan to tackle the key issues across our sites,
businesses and the Group.

Target
75%
0.28 50%
0.22 0.22 55% New yea |, 53%
0.18
0.14 Target
0.10
No survey No survey
this year this year
18 19 20 21 22 2030 22 2030

© Alost-time accident (LTA) is defined as an accident or work-related hess which
results in one or more days of lost time. Calculated as total number of lostetime
accidents in the year, multipied by 100,000 hours worked, divided by total number
‘of hours worked.

4 ~ Morgan Advanced Materials plc Annual Report 2022

Water withdrawal in stressed areas’
(% reduction from 2015 baseline)
Alignment to strategy

M2:

Why do we measure this KPI?

We recognise that in some instances our water demands are in areas
of increasing water stress. Approximately 21% of our manufacturing
operations are in these water stress areas.

Our goal is to maintain a 30% reduction despite year-on-year business
growth, By improving our water use in these areas, we will positively
impact the local communities in which we operate.

37%
33% 34% — Target
32% 32% 30%
18 19-20 2h 22030

© Water stressed areas include Spain, tay. Turkey, Mexico, India, United Arab Emirates.
Argentina, Australi, and the state of California, USA,
2021 and prior years have been restated to include the manufacturing site at
Casalpustertengo, aly

Female representation in leadership’

Alignment to strategy
M2 >

Why do we measure this KPI?

A greater gender diversity just makes sense — itis good for Morgan
and good for employees. We are continuing to take action to achieve
a more balanced proportion of women in senior positions.

Target
40%
30% 29% 29%
No data - not measured | ;
18 19 20 2 22 2030

* Includes Executive w/o CEO/CFO plus 2nd to 4th tier.

5 - Morgan Advanced Materials ple Annual Report 2022

Alignment to strategy

To deliver our strategy and to achieve our
ESG goals we align our efforts to our three
execution priorities

Ki] Big positive difference

[Ej Delight the customer

[3] Innovate to grow

© Read more on pages 20 to 23

Business overview

We are the global manufacturer of advanced carbon and ceramic materials
for complex and technologically demanding applications.

The versatility and performance of ceramics and carbon materials enables us to support
a wide variety of applications in diverse end-markets. Our applications range from
ceramic cores for casting aero engine turbine blades to silicon carbide focus rings for
semiconductor etch, and from carbon brushes in onshore wind turbines to thermal
insulation solutions for hydrogen reformers.

In each of these applications, in each of these markets, we bring our deep materials
and engineering expertise to bear, helping our customers to reduce their energy
consumption, emissions and operating costs, with applications that frequently
require extensive qualifications.

Our core capabilities

Our strategy builds on our strengths and focuses the Group on scalable businesses in attractive markets,
We serve markets that are growing and where we have room to grow, and where our customers value
our differentiated products and services.

We have three core capabilities:
‘

(& &) G

‘ Materials science Application engineering Customer focus
We are an acknowledged leader in , We have built an understanding of We build deep and trusted
materials science for our chosen the application of our materials science relationships with our customers,
technology families. We have four in our customers’ products and working to understand their business
global materials Centres of Excellence processes, in order to provide and their markets, and their technical
(CoE) which consolidate the Group's maximum benefit through advanced challenges and product roadmaps.

" R&D efforts, application engineering. . We align our materials development

+ to solve our customers’ problems.

6 ~ Morgan Advanced Materials ple Annual Report 2022

Our five global business units

Thermal Ceramics

Our thermal products are used in high-temperature
industrial processing of metals, petrochemicals,
cement, ceramics and glass, and by manufacturers
in automotive, marine, aerospace, and domestic
applications in insulation and fire protection

Prcdstmisarens)

Molten Metal Systems

Our Molten Metal Systems business manufactures
an extensive range of high-performance crucibles
and foundry consumables for non-ferrous metal
melting applications.

Electrical Carbon

Our electrical carbon products include electrical
carbon brushes and collectors, brush holders, slip
rings and linear transfer systems. We engineer
high-performance graphite materials, components
and sub-assemblies to address our customers’
technical challenges.

Seals and Bearings

Our seals and bearing products use advanced carbon/
graphite, silicon carbide, alumina and zirconia materials,
which we engineer into lightweight, low-friction and
sel-lubricating bearings and seals, predominantly used
in pumps.

Technical Ceramics

Our technical ceramics products are used in selected
segments of the electronics and semiconductor,
energy, healthcare, industrial, petrochemicals, security
and transport markets, typically in close collaborative
customer relationships.

7 ~ Morgan Advanced Materials ple Annual Report 2022

Investment case

We are well positioned
in large and fast-growing
markets driven by global
mega trends

The demand for renewable energy is growing
rapidly as the world seeks to decarbonise.
Ongoing urbanisation drives the need for clean
energy and transportation solutions. Our
growing and ageing population places more,
and more complex, demands on healthcare.
Digitisation brings huge benefits in efficiency
and increasingly in capability, and with that

we see ever increasing demand for more and
faster processing.

This all translates into a robust growth outlook
for our business. Revenues from our faster
growing segments, semiconductors, healthcare,
clean energy and clean transportation are
expected to grow between 7% and 12% per
year (through the cycle). Revenue from our
core business is expected to grow 2% to 4%
per year.

© Read more on pages 14 to 1S + 4 %

EXPECTED CORE
BUSINESS GROWTH

We have leading
differentiated positions,
and this all starts with
our strategy

Our development of strategic capabilities
supports the positions we have in each of
our markets.

We have deep expertise in carbon and ceramic
materials. We spend around £30 million in
research and development each year to maintain
and strengthen our technical leadership.

We have 460 scientists and engineers across
the Group representing 20% of our white-collar
workforce. They work in four Centres

of Excellence, and within the businesses,
sustaining our current materials portfolio,

and developing new materials and products.

Each business unit has a clear strategy and has
technology roadmaps that flow from this to inform
the prioritisation of development resources.

Our application engineers are the bridge
between our materials expertise and the
specifics of our customers’ markets and
applications. Our application engineers work
with customers every day to take their technical
challenge and marry it up to a material, and then
a manufacturing process

Through the execution of our strategy, we are
strengthening our market positions and steadily
building closer relationships with our customers.

© Read more on page 22
£3 I 6m

RESEARCH AND
DEVELOPMENT EXPENSE

Our purpose, our strategy and our people differentiate us at Morgan Advanced
Materials, altogether driving superior value for our stakeholders. We are experts
in materials science with a track record of delivering for our customers, drawing on

our 166 years of innovation.

We play a crucial
‘role in helping the
world become
more sustainable

We do this through the products we make,
and the way that we make them.

Our products help our customers to be
more efficient — to use less energy in their
manufacturing process or in their product,
and to generate less CO,.

We are also working hard to decarbonise our
own operations — to produce our products more
efficiently and to reduce our own CO, emissions
and manage our water usage more sustainably.

We have a solid plan for the coming years

and are making excellent progress so far.

At this point our absolute CO, emissions are
around 40% down on our 2015 starting point.
Whilst our overall water usage has increased
during the year, we expect to see the process
and infrastructure improvements we have
completed during the year reflected in our
water usage for 2023.

© Read more on pages 32 to 33

REDUCTION IN,“
CO, EMISSIONS

We are resilient,
delivering attractive
through-cycle returns

This resilience comes from the robustness of
our strategy and market positions, and from
the diversity in our portfolio.

We operate in a diverse set of markets.

Some are global, some are regional, but across
these markets we have early and later cycle,
and counter cyclical exposures.

We have a widely spread customer base. Our
largest customer accounts for only 2% of our
revenues, Our top ten equate to around 11%
of revenues, meaning a significant loss of one
customer has limited impact on the Group.

We largely make products where we sell them,
with localised supply chain, and this gives us
resilience against local shocks. You can see this
resilience in our financial performance over the
last seven years. We have grown profitability
every year except during the height of the
pandemic in 2020, and even during that global
shock, our revenues only declined 11% and
we maintained operating margins above 10%.

@© Read more on pages 2403

3-6%

THROUGH-CYCLE GROWTH

odes siarens