Advancing
materials
science

Annual Report 2020

WNL MU

A16 25/06/2021 #171
COMPANIES HOUSE

Registered in England and Wales No. 286773 Morgan Advanced Materials ple

2020 highlights

ADJUSTED
PERFORMANCE’

Revenue

£910.7m

2019: £1,049,5m
2018: £1,033.9m

Group adjusted operating profit!

£9|./m

2019: £134.2m
2018: £124.8m

Adjusted EPS!

19.0p

2019: 28.09
2018: 26.7

Total dividend per share

5.9p

2019: 4.0p
2018: 11.0p

STATUTORY
PERFORMANCE

Operating (loss)/profit

£(|.8)m

2019: £126.tm
2018: £107.3m.

(Loss)/profit before tax

£(13.1)m

2019: £109.7m
2018: £949m

Continuing EPS

(8.6)p

2019: 25.2p
2018: 20.0p

‘Continuing and discontinued EPS

(79)p

2019: 25.7p
2018: 16.29

HEALTH, SAFETY
AND ENVIRONMENTAL
PERFORMANCE

Lost-time accident frequency
per 100,000 hours worked

0.18

2019: 0.14
2018:0.22

Energy intensity
MWivém revenue

1057

2019: 1,080
2018: 1,130

performance. These adjusted measures are not recognised under IFRS or other generally accepted accounting principles
(GAAP). The Executive Committee and the Board manage and assess the performance of the business on these measures and
believe that they are more representative of ongoing trading and faditate year-on-year comparisons; and hence provide
additional useful information to shareholders. Throughout this Report these non-GAAP measures are clearly identified by an
asterisk (*) where they appear in text, and by a footnote where they appear in tables and charts. Definitions and reconciliations
of these non-GAAP measures to the relevant GAAP measures can be found in the Group Financial Review on pages 43 to 45.

CONTENTS

2020 highlights IFC
STRATEGIC REPORT
‘Chairman's staternent and

Section 172 statement 02
(Our stakeholders 04
Chief Executive Officer's review

and strategy 06
‘Our business model 08

Sustainability and responsibility 10

Key performance indicators 4
Risk management %6
Review of operations 32
Group financial review 38
Directors’ statements 4l
Definitions and reconciliations

‘of non-GAAP measures to

GAAP measures 4B

‘Throughout the Annual Report, including the Strategic Report, adjusted measures are used to describe the Group's financial

GOVERNANCE Consolidated statement

Chairman's letter of cash flows 103

to shareholders 47 Notes to the consolidated

Board of Directors 48 financial statements 104

Corporate governance 50 Company balance sheet 150

Report of the Audit Committee 58 Company statement of

Report of the Nomination changes in equity Ist

Committee 63 Notes to the Company

Remuneration report 66 _ balance sheet 152

Other disdosures 87 Group statistical information 169
itor’ Cautionary statement 170

iggenetutrvent ieee ip

Morgan Advanced Materials pic 90 Shareholder information 71

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Consolidated income statement 99

Gorecki statement 100

cor nsive income oie. one reports

Consolidated balance sheet___10! palo dene ceamuriced

Consolidated statement ‘tw the COMID-I9 pandemic.

Of changes in equity 102

Front cover image: Image of graphite, with green polymer dye added to highlight the porous regions.

MaIRIOAQ |

There are significant trends shaping our
modern world. Resources are becoming
scarce and harder to access, and the pace
of change is adding to the demand for new —_
advanced materials.

‘At Morgan Advanced Materials, utilising carbon and ceramics

we develop advanced materials to make the world more sustainable,
and to improve the quality of life. This purpose drives our people to
solve complex customer problems: from managing heat and enabling
greener technologies, to supporting improved medical diagnostics
and protecting life.

‘Our purpose ‘to use advanced materials to make the world more
‘sustainable, and to improve the quality of life’, is underpinned by our safe,
ethical and inclusive culture, embraced by our nearly 7,500 employees
spanning 30 countries. Working across many industries and in a
number of markets, we deliver the materials science and technologies
the world needs now.

Our diversified and resilient business supports growth and enables
us to achieve long-term success.

OUR STRATEGY
We are a global advanced manufacturing organisation with leading
capabilities in three areas: materials science, application engineering
and customer focus.

Read more on page 7

OUR BUSINESS MODEL

Our diversified business model is at the core of our strategy.
We operate as two global divisions and five global business units.
A strength during the pandemic has been our local and regional
approach, enabling us to apply our global skills and capabilities
whilst manufacturing locally to our customers.

Read more on pages 8 to 9

OUR ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND

GOVERNANCE (ESG) CREDENTIALS

In ine with our purpose we are becoming a more sustainable business,
while simultaneously helping our customers to also become more
sustainable through the products we design and manufacture. We have
stretching environmental goals that we are working hard to achieve.
At the same time, we are improving social factors to keep our people
safe and to ensure we provide meaningful work that contributes to

an improved society and enables the communities where we live and
work to thrive.

Read more on page |!

66

In a year of unprecedented change we
have remained focused on protecting our
colleagues, serving our customers and
delivering on our purpose.9 9

Pete Raby
Chief Executive Officer

Morgan Advanced Materials | Annual Report 2020 1

Chairman’s statement

66

| am pleased to introduce Morgan's
annual report for 2020. In common
with many businesses, 2020 for
Morgan was a difficult year that
presented challenges on a number

of fronts. 99

Douglas Caster CBE FIET
Chairman

The year was dominated by
the effects of the worldwide
COVID-19 pandemic. As a global

company, no aspect of our activity
was untouched. The spread and

impact of the virus have been
widely reported with national
lockdowns impacting global
economic activity.

The initial uncertainty of how severe the dedine
in our markets might have been immediately
forced us to focus sharply on conserving liquidity
to assure the cash resources to ride out financial
impacts on the business. Unfortunately, we were
compelled to suspend the payment of dividends
SO as an indication to shareholders that we
understood the gravity of this all directors took
a voluntary 30% cut in pay and fees. To
demonstrate that we were ‘all in it together’,

In addition, a 20% pay cut was taken by the
‘executive team. Happily, the Company did not
have to rely on any UK governmental financial
support despite taking precautions to access
such support ifit became necessary, and cash
husbandry was so effective that by the year end
we felt able to resume dividend payments,
albeit at a lower level. The Group's diligence in
collecting and managing cash resulted in excellent
free cash flow performance which underpins
the quality of the Group's earnings.

‘The first imperative was the safety of our people.
To this end, regimes including working from
home wherever possible, plant disinfection

and improved hygiene, the provision of personal
protection equipment and safe operator
separation were rapidly introduced. Once these
protocols were in place, we were able to keep
‘our plants operating, as much of Morgan's
‘output is critical to the continued working of
essential industries, such as healthcare, water
and energy supply and transport.

In such straitened times, limiting the Group's
ic-constant-currency year on year revenue
dedine to just 11.4% while achieving double digit
margins is a testament to the resilience and
commitment of our people. | thank all our
‘employees for their hard work, and the
perseverance and dedication they have exhibited
in the particularly difficut circumstances of 2020.

Driven by the impacts on our markets such as
aerospace, automotive and industrial, we took
prompt action to contain costs and maximise the
Utilisation and efficiency of our plants. Inevitably
this led to closing underutilised plants through

@ process of restructuring, of which more will be
said in the operating review of this report. This
restructuring, which is progressing well and will
be completed within a relatively short timeframe,
will ensure that Morgan emerges from the
current depressed markets ina leaner and fitter
state able to benefit more fully from any eventual
‘economic recovery.

GOVERNANCE AND SOCIAL CARE
‘As Chairman, corporate governance is one of my
‘main concems. Key to this is keeping in touch with
‘our operating units which we have continued to
do via electronic forums. My non-exeautive
colleagues have joined me in ‘virtual’ meetings
with employees at all levels which, in a time of
severe travel restrictions, are the next best way of
keeping an independent finger on the pulse of the
‘organisation. We were also able to take a view on
the mental health impacts of the lockdowns and
isolation of working from home and how people
were being supported by their local management.
‘We had some interesting and candid exchange of
views which we have been able to take up with
the Exeative Directors, who will be taking action
as aresult.

We have continued to stress the importance
of health and safety as well as emphasising our
ethical standards and at all times state the mantra

that good governance is key to good business, The
Board takes the ESG agenda very seriously and

02 Morgan Advanced Materials | Annual Report 2020

has created a new role with a Group Environment
and Sustainability Director reporting directly to the
CEO to lead and implement our ESG agenda
throughout the Group.

During the year we have transitioned to new
Group auditors with Deloitte taking on the role.
This has been a thorough and successful transition
with no surprises emerging.

ENVIRONMENTAL

Morgan is an energy intensive business, but our
products benefit the environment by making the
‘operations of our customers significantly more
energy efficent. Over the last five years we have
made steady reductions to our own CO
emissions and water consumption. Building on
these improvements, the Board has now set an
aspiration to align with the UK Government's
commitment as a signatory to the Paris Agreement
and achieve net zero carbon emissions by 2050,
and has set an intermediate target of reducing our
absolute scope | and 2 CO emissions by 50% by
2030. This will require intense energy efficiency
work across our business, and process change: by
progressively moving away from fossil fuels and
adopting new technologies.

OUTLOOK

With new strains of the COVID-19 virus emerging,
the outlook is stil uncertain with lockdowns and
travel restrictions being maintained around the
world, The great hope is the efficacy of the vaccine
roll-out but this wil take time, well into 2021 in
the UK and potentially beyond in other countries.
Nevertheless, in the last quarter of 2020 we
experienced a rising trend in order intake which
has persisted into 2021

Morgan's strategy implementation and investment
in research and development for new products
and processes continue, These coupled with the
rationalisation already in train give some optimism
that progress can be achieved in 2021.

Douglas Caster CBE FIET
Chairman

SECTION 172 STATEMENT

STATEMENT BY THE DIRECTORS IN PERFORMANCE
OF THEIR STATUTORY DUTIES IN ACCORDANCE WITH
SECTION 172(1) COMPANIES ACT 2006

The Board is committed to the creation of value through sustainable
growth, When making decisions and considering key matters of
business, the Board considers the implications of its decisions for

the long term; takes account of the interests of the Group's key
stakeholders and how decisions might impact them; and has regard

to the need to maintain high standards of business conduct and our
commitment to environmental, social and governance (ESG) matters.

HOW THE BOARD TAKES STAKEHOLDER INTERESTS
AND OTHER MATTERS INTO ACCOUNT

Alll decisions and business conducted by the Board are considered
in the context of Morgan's overriding purpose to ensure alignment.

During 2020 the Board reviewed the Group's key stakeholders and
confirmed that they continue to be its investors, customers, employees,
suppliers, pensioners and pension trustees and communities. The

key stakeholders, why they are significant, the main methods used

to engage with them, and the issues of interest to the stakeholders
are set out on pages 4 to 5.

Further information on the mechanisms used by the Board to engage
with key stakeholders, in particular with investors and the workforce,
the issues raised by the stakeholders as a result of the engagement
and the effectiveness of the methods of engagement can be found

‘on page 4 of the Sustainability and Responsibility Report and

pages 50 to 57 of the Corporate Governance Report.

HOW THE BOARD TAKES DECISIONS

A robust governance framework ensures that the right decisions are
referred to the Board for consideration. Further information on the
governance structures, delegation of authority and how the Board
‘operates is set out in the in the Corporate Governance Report on
pages 50 to 57. The Board reviews the Group's principal and emerging
risks regularly and takes into account the Group's appetite for risk
when taking decisions.

‘The Board has spent time during 2020 engaging with a diverse
cross-section of employees, as well as monitoring and assessing the
Group's culture, These insights have informed the Board's discussion
when assessing progress in relation to fostering a safe, ethical and
diverse workplace. These interactions have also enabled the Board to
understand the capabilities of the current and future leadership team
and the extent to which employees understand and are aligned with
the Group's strategic direction.

The principal matters and key decisions considered by the Board
during 2020 are set out on pages 56 and 57 of the Corporate
Governance Report.

CONSEQUENCE OF ANY DECISION

IN THE LONG TERM

‘The Board considers the long-term success of the Group when
conducting its business, for example, when monitoring the
implementation of the Group strategy, approving investments in

new product development, approving capital expenditure to upgrade
plant and equipment and in overseeing the development of Morgan's
people. Information on the Group's purpose and strategy, and how
these serve to guide the long-term direction of the Group, is set out

‘ompage

COVID-19

The spread of COVID-19 brought into sharp focus the need to act
‘quickly to address the immediate impact, consider the needs of key
stakeholders, whilst having regard to the longer-term consequences
of decisions taken. A number of significant decisions were taken

by the Board as a result of COVID-19:

|. Implementation of Group-wide safety protocols and hygiene
measures to protect our people working in our facilities and enable
trading to continue in order to fulfil requests from customers for
critical products.

How stakeholder interests were taken into account:

> Workforce - The Board ensured that implementation of standard
safety protocols across all manufacturing sites was consistent and
that guidance issued on safety measures was clear.

> Customers — The Board monitored the reopening of sites where
possible in order to fulfil orders of products deemed critical.

~> Investors ~The swift introduction of safety measures lessened
disruption of trading.

2. Suspension of dividend payments on Ordinary and Preference
shares and other financial measures to preserve liquidity and
conserve cash, and subsequent resumption of dividend payments.

How stakeholder interests were taken into account:

~ Investors ~ The Board determined that it was in Shareholders’
interests to take these measures in order to preserve the
long-term financial health of the Group.

~> Pensioners and pension trustees - The Board took into account
the Company's ability to continue to make contributions to the
Group's pension schemes.

3. Approval of a Group-wide restructuring programme to improve
performance and support long-term growth.

How stakeholder interests were taken into account:

~> Employees - The Board considered the restructuring activities
taken to be in the interests of employees in order to promote
sustainable performance of the Group for the long-term. The
Board ensured that executive management provided clear and
timely communication of the decisions which impacted specific
sites, and that there was meaningful dialogue on the changes.
between employees, their representatives and management.

> Investors, customers, suppliers, pensioners and pension trustees
and communities ~ The Board determined that the restructuring
activities served these stakeholder groups’ interests for the
longer term.

Further information on these significant decisions can be found
throughout this Annual Report: specifically, the Chairman's Statement
on page 2 and the CEO Report on pages 6 to 7 provides information
on the strategic context; the Review of Operations on pages 32 to 37
contains information on the restructuring programme; the Financial
Review on pages 38 to 40 provides information on measures taken

in relation to the Group's financial performance; and pages 16 and |7
of the Sustainability and Responsibility section contain information

on measures taken to safeguard employee safety in the pandemic.

oda. sareng |

Morgan Advanced Materials | Annual Report 2020 03

Our stakeholders

Our stakeholders are key to the delivery of our strategy. Below we set out the
many ways we engage with stakeholders and why their engagement matters.

WHO ARE OUR
STAKEHOLDERS? INVESTORS CUSTOMERS
Those who own shares or Those who have purchased our products
wish to own shares in Morgan or will do so in the future
WHY OUR Our investors provide capital for our ‘We aim to deliver great service so that our customers feel valued and
STAKEHOLDERS business. We value this commitment choose us as their 'go to’ supplier. To do this effectively we need to listen
and want to ensure investors have a and engage with them.
AREIMPORTANT | deep understanding of our business, w ;
Tous ‘our strategy, the market environment fe develop relationships with our customers based on mutual trust and
and our governance arrangements. constructive dialogue.
Itisi tous that we foster an We have a diverse customer base across the globe, which we serve directly,
open be fool parent relationship to through joint venture partnerships and through local suppliers.
enable investors to make effective We are seeing growing demand for advanced materials as customers push the
investment decisions. boundaries of technology.
‘We have been working closely with our customers to develop new solutions
for their next generation of products and processes.
We are providing products that are diferentiated from those of our competitors
WHAT MATTERS > Capital gain through share price > Reliable and consistent service
TO OUR appreciation > Quality products
STAKEHOLDERS? — | > Capital return via dividends > Product and process innovation
> Profitabity and business growth > Ability to solve complex problems
5 Outy go > Application engineering capabities
3 sbi a i ~> How we source our raw materials
hy and fairness > Environmental impact of the products we produce
> Environmental, social and governance
(€SG) factors
HOW WE We engage with our investors directly The relationship with our customers starts from the moment they look to
ENGAGE WITH through the formal presentation of results| find out about our products. We keep customers updated on the pr
STAKEHOLDERS and through biannual investor roadshows | of our innovation and new product applications through digital channels.
Gelivered on a virtual basis given the ;
environment in 2020). We also use these | Our sales and service colleagues also keep customers updated on the
‘opportunities to talk about the future and | PFOBTESS of manufacturing; sometimes working alongside the customer
the longer-term plans for our business. to fine-tune the application engineering process.
When asked, we complete investor We also gather key feedback from customers about the service we provide
questionnaires which give a further and use this to help improve relationships and secure future business.
insight into key aspects of our business
performance. During 2020 our technology teams continued to make progress in the
- ; development of new materials and products. Despite the pandemic, we
We provide a dedicated section on our —_|_ carried on working with our customers, providing new materials samples,
website which offers timely information | supporting product qualification, cooperating with strong application
‘on how we are performing and provides | engineering and introducing new products. Each of our global business units
guidance on ESG factors. has new products coming to market in the next 2 months, including in the
electric vehicles, healthcare, semiconductors and renewable energy markets.

04 Morgan Advanced Materials | Annual Report 2020

EMPLOYEES

Anyone directly employed
by Morgan

SUPPLIERS

Those who have a
direct or contractual
relationship with us

PENSIONERS
AND
TRUSTEES

yoda 23a1ens

COMMUNITIES

Those who live in areas where
we work - for example residents,
businesses and charities

Having people who bring a diverse range
of talents and perspectives, and who feel
engaged in their role, is of paramount
importance to our long-term success.

Our employees have been instrumental
in making Morgan the company itis today.
They are key to driving the brand forward
and ensuring it remains relevant in the future.

We work to attract, develop and retain
the right people and ensure they are in
the right roles.

We believe in an open
and collaborative business
approach and seek
opportunities for innovation.
This collaborative approach
is particularly important to
ensure a more sustainable
supply chain.

We aim to use all our
resources as efficiently as
possible, minimising the

impact on ourselves, our
suppliers, our customers

‘After more than [60 years
in business, we would not

be as strong as we are today
without the combined efforts
of all those who went before.
By keeping our pension
commitments, we honour
the hard work and dedication
of both current and past.
employees.

‘Our people live and work within wider
communities and relationships with these
‘communities are key in supporting our
business for the future.

Our relationship with local communities
is mutually beneficial, offering us the ideal
place to find the talent of tomorrow,
while enabling our people to get involved
in activities which directly benefit these
communities.

We seek to build trust by understanding the

issues core to our communities, operating
responsibly and addressing concerns that

and the world around us. responsibly and adc
‘We aim to create long-term partnerships
that drive positive change and help build
a more sustainable future through the
development and application of advanced
materials.
> Meaningful roles linked to our purpose | > Human rights > The commitment ofthe | > Our commitment to the local
> Flexible working > Environmental and ‘Company to ensure the environment
> Focus on wellbeing climate impact pension scheme is fully | -> Our conduct as a socially responsible
funded and any deficit organisation
> Career development > Quality management reduction plan is .
> Adiverse and inclusive culture > Costefficency maintained > Canunty hingand wonngaroond
> Ethical trading policies ity IMing and’ we
and sustainable sourcing > Employment opportunities
> Developing long-term
relationships
The Board is committed to fostering a safe, | We treat our suppliers as | We engage both with current | Our aim is to have a positive impact on the
ethical and inclusive workplace and spends | an extension of our business. | pensioners and those yet to | communities we serve, from supporting job
time engaging with a diverse cross-section | andttherefore expect them | retire through regular pension | creation and skills advancement, to reducing
of employees, as well as monitoring and to uphold the same high communications in conjunction | energy and water consumption at our plants.
assessing the Group's culture, These insights | standards we set for with our pension trustees. | Allour efforts and engagements are
help inform the Board's discussions on ourselves. To achieve this, governed by the Morgan Code, our
health, safety and environmental matters, | we are in constant dialogue | New employees receive Purpose and our policies on the environment.
in monitoring progress in relation to with our suppliers to address | COMmunications about our A 5
embedding ethical conduct and bry issues and mainain pension schemes in abidto | As oursites and operations are spread
implementation of the Morgan Code, productive relationships. | Promote financial wellbeing, | across the globe, we have the opportunity
and in strengthening the capabilties of the to work with many communities. We pride
current and future potential leadership team. Our next step, targeted for ourselves on engaging at a local level and
the end of 202, is to widen look to understand each community's
‘Ata local level, leadership teams use ‘our Morgan Code (a set of priorities and concerns. We also support
feedback from ‘pulse’ surveys, focus groups, } principles which govern our employees’ involvement in their local
pilot groups, manager one-to-one how we conduct business) to community, from charity giving to focal
include anew supplier code. fundraising, and from volunteering

conversations and employee communications
employees.

to shape engagement activities with

The COVID-19 pandemic has resulted in

a programme to ensure we are the right
size and fit for our key markets in the future.
Akey principle of the programme has been
to keep our people informed and engage
them with the process. Although this has
sometimes involved difficult discussions, we

have worked productively withrour people;—|

union representatives and others to keep
employee welfare and fairness at the centre
of our dedsion-making,

to health and wellbeing initiatives.

Morgan Advanced Materials | Annual Report 2020 05

Chief Executive Officer’s review

66

In a year overshadowed by external
events | am very proud of how our
people have pulled together globally and
adapted to deliver for our customers,
and | remain confident in our strategic
direction and trajectory. 99

Pete Raby
Chief Executive Officer

2020 was a very challenging year,
with the COVID-19 pandemic
impacting every part of our
business. We saw the initial effects
in China in January, with our eight
plants in China closed for an
extended period over the Chinese
New Year holidays. This quickly
spread to Europe, the Americas,
wider Asia and the rest of the
world. During the first half of the
year, we saw a small number of
plants closed for multi-week
periods in each region as local,
regional or national governments
took steps to control the spread
of the virus.

MANAGING THE IMPACT

OF COVID-19

The safety of our people has always been our top
Priority and our immediate focus at the outset
of the pandemic was to ensure their safety and
wellbeing, as well as the safety of our customers
and communities. We implemented a range

‘of measures at all our facilities to protect our
employees, including physical changes to layout
and people flow, social distancing, requirements.
for additional protective equipment, and
additional hygiene, cleaning and disinfection
protocols. We introduced flexible working for
all roles that could do so, encouraging working
from home where possible.

| am very proud of the way our employees have
responded through this crisis. They have shown
great professionalism and commitment, adjusting
quickly to new ways of working and looking out
for one another, itis with sadness that | report
that we have lost a small number of employees
to the virus, and many employees have lost
friends and loved ones.

---

—_value within Morgan.
and their effectiveness.
Due diigence in pursuance ‘Outcome of policies and
Policies of policies impacts of activities Related principal risks

ENVIRONMENTAL Qur Environmental Policy sets outthe > Data gatheringon GHG emissions See pages [2 to IS ofthe ‘See pages 260 31

MATTERS Group's commitment tothe protection __and our erwironmental KPIs Sustainability and Responsibility ofthe Risk Management
ofthe environmentin the communities => Our submission to COP section for information on our section,
where we operate, work andlive. The > Annual sel-certification GHG emissions, and progress in
policy sets out our intention to reduce > Internal audit processes. 2020 in respect of COa intensity,

‘energy and water use, reduce our total energy use, water use and
dependence on natural resources, and withdrawal. and waste intensity
the aim to maximise the positive impact and waste generation.

(of our products. Detailed information Minimising our enviconmental

‘on implementation of our Environmental impact hes us to atuoct wlented
Policy is set out on pages 12 to 15 of the ‘employees and to win new business
Sustainability and Responsibility section, from customers.

EMPLOYEES ‘The EHS Policy is designed to > Audits under the EHS programme Our KPI in relation to Lost Time. ‘See page 28 of the Risk
promote a cuture of zero harm > Annual selt-certficaton process Accident Frequency is set out on Management section.
for our employees, contractors and ‘Speak Up' hotine page 25
visitors and to pro-actively eliminate > Allother applicable reguiatory Our. formance i set out
and control health risks. reporting. Cur sey performance & set oy
A detailed description of our safety Sustainability and Responsibility
programme and safety performance section.

's set out on pages 16 and 17 of the

Sustainability and Responsibility section.

“The Group has an overarching policy detailed description ofthe methods Our performance in relation to “The attraction, retention
designed to attract, retain and engage used to supportthe Group's people our KP on employee retention and engagement of
talented people and support an polices is set out on pages 18 to 21 _is set out on page 25. people is not considered
inclusive, safe and ethical workplace Of the Sustainability and Responsblty — Gurwerkforce composition and «Principal risk.

The Group policy is supplemented by section. ‘nlormation on gender dversty

wide range of detailed policies specific is set out on page 21.

to the business or jurisdiction.

SOCIAL MATTERS = We do not have formal policies Activities are reported internally, Employees are more motivated Atthough nota principal
Con community engagement, but including on our social media and feel connected to theirlocal _risk, social risk, and
employees are encouraged to support platforms. tervironment. The local community specially potertial
their community through a range supports Morgan and views us dificutes in recruiting to
cof activities, for example volunteering asa responsible employer. replace an ageing direct
and fundraising for good causes. workorce in parts ofthe

business, is an emerging
risk. See page 26 of the
Risk Management section,

HUMAN RIGHTS — OurHuman Rights Polcy establishes > Monitoring of complance with No incidents of human rights abuse See page 31 of the Risk
‘our commitment to protect the human __the Morgan Code. ‘ormodem slavery were identified Management section.
rights of everyone who works for > Due dilgence processes associated during 2020.
the Company and all those who have with new suppliers and our supply
dealings with us. Supplemented by chain
the Morgan Code. > Publication of our Modern Slavery

Statement on our website.

> More information is contained on
page 23 of the Sustainability and
Responsibiity section.

ANTI-BRIBERY Bribery Corruption and Facilitation ~ Detailed procedures in place During the year 3,218 relevant See page 31 of the Risk

‘AND ANTI- Policy. Ethical Trading Policy, Conflicts designedto prevent anti-bribery employees partiopated in the Management section.
‘of interest Policy, the Morgan Code. and anti-corruption, supported by Group's ethics e-learning

CORRUPTION ‘Together these policies seek to prevent ‘explanatory manuals and the ethics programme, which included specific
bribery and ensure that our business & compliance programme of work. training modules on bribery and
is undertaken in an ethical manner > Regular traning for relevant ‘corruption. A 99% completion
and in compliance with all applicable employees is undertaken. rate was obtained.
anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws. -> Any reports of breaches in 7
More information on the policies and compliance are investigated, EAcabeltiitinire
processes to prevent bribery and reported to the Audit Committee Guang 2020, ncucing ceports
corruption are contained on page 23 and appropriate actions taken. Sn eorcems relating © potential
ofthe Sustainability and responsibility > Adescription of the control Gnethical eonduct the reports
section. environment. the intemal audit varied in their nature and materiality,

function and the processes for with certain matters requiing the

the review of investigations by support of extemal advisers and

the Audit Committee are setout ving rise to dsopinary action

Gite Report of the Audio against employees for breaches
‘on pages 581062. Frown polices

10 Morgan Advanced Materials | Annual Report 2020