4

Positioned
for growth

Annual! Report 2024

puguinat ! ~

AN 13/05/2025 #20
COMPANIES HOUSE Morgan
PACVencedIMategialsy

ee ©

TUESDAY

Morgan at a glance

Our purpose is to use advanced materials to make the world more
sustainable and improve the quality of life. Our purpose is at the heart and
soul of everything we do; it is the driving force behind how we advance
our business, our technology and our people.

Our global footprint

We manufacture an extensive range of specialist carbon and ceramic products.
Established in 1856, we have a proven track record in delivering for our customers,
underpinned by more than 160 years of innovation. We employ approximately
8,600 people worldwide, across 60 operating sites serving a diverse range of
customers across a range of end-markets.

@ Read more on our website: ( Macon
www.morganadvancedmaterials.com ¢ ra _
( f ae <
je =

The Morgan Code
governs how we work
and it is publicly available
in 19 languages: we work
safely, we work ethically,
we treat our people fairly,
we protect our business.

Strategic Report

Governance

report} Annwal report

Financial Statements

Chair's statement

Our business model

Market environment

Our core markets

Our faster growing markets
Our financial framework and
strategic execution

CEO's review

Measuring our progress

Effective engagement with
our stakeholders

Chair's letter to shareholders
Board of Directors

Governance overview

Strategic oversight by the Board
Focusing on culture

Engaging with our workforce
Assessing Board performance

UK Corporate Governance
Code 2018 compliance statement
Report of the Audit Committee

58
59
él
63
65
67
69

70
74

Consolidated income statement
Consolidated statement of
comprehensive income
Consolidated balance sheet
Consolidated statement of
changes in equity

Consolidated statement

of cash flows

Notes to the consolidated
financial statements

‘Company balance sheet

Report of the Nomination Committee 80
Remuneration Report 84
Other disclosures 110
Independent Auditor's Report us

Company statement of
changes in equity

Notes to the Company
financial statements

Group statistical information

Section 172(1) statement
Non-financial and sustainability
information statement

A responsible business
incorporating TCFD

Risk management

Review of operations

Cautionary statement
Glossary of terms
Alternative performance measures

Group financial review
Shareholder information

Directors' statements

2024 highlights

£1,100./m +3.7%

Reported revenue (2023: £1,114.7m)

3%

Decrease in absolute CO, emissions
from scope | and scope 2

Organic constant-currency*
revenue growth

‘Alternative performance measures (APMs)

Throughout the Annual Report, including the Strategic Report, adjusted measures are used to describe the Group's financial performance.

These adjusted measures are not recognised under International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) as adopted by the UK, or other generally
accepted accounting principles (GAAP). These measures are shown because the Directors consider they provide useful information to shareholders.
including additional insight into ongoing trading and year-on-year comparisons. These non-GAAP measures should be viewed as complementary to,
not replacements for, the comparable GAAP measures. Throughout this Report these non-GAAP measures are clearly identified by an asterisk ()
where they appear in text, and by a footnote where they appear in tables and charts. Definitions of these non-GAAP measures and reconciliations to
the equivalent statutory measure can be found in the ‘Glossary’ and ‘Alternative performance measures’ section on pages 201 to 205.

Morgan Advanced Materials

Chair’s statement

2024 has been a year of further progress for the Group in a difficult end-market environment.
Our industrial end-markets, in particular Europe and China, weakened through the year and
we saw a significant slowdown in semiconductor sales as customers for our graphite products
addressed excess inventories, triggered by slower than expected growth in electric vehicles.
Against this difficult trading backdrop, we nonetheless made good progress across the Group.

We have simplified how we manage our business, consolidating
into three segments (Thermal Products, Performance Carbon,
Technical Ceramics), and we have expanded the restructuring
programme we launched in 2023 to simplify our business further,
reducing the number of sites and improving efficiency. These actions
delivered savings of £8.0 million in 2024 and wil deliver a cumulative
adjusted operating profit’ benefit of £24 million in 2025, compared
to our 2023 baseline. We have made further advances with our IT
systems and infrastructure, continuing the high level of investment
in new capabilities and the replacement of older systems.

Our capital investment programme continues as we increase
capacity in key market segments including semiconductors,
healthcare, clean transportation and aerospace as well as our
faster growing regions, for example in India. We have seen a
slowdown in our largest growth market in silicon carbide (SiC)
power electronics driven by slower demand for electric vehicles.

We expect this to persist in 2025 as excess inventories are
consumed, but the Board remains convinced of the long-term
potential here. We have slowed our investments in this area, but
overall our new capital investment programme is progressing well
We deployed £96.! million of capital in 2024 and expect high levels
of investment to continue in 2025 and 2026 as we position the
Group for faster growth.

We were not successful in completing any acquisitions in the year.
This remains a focus for the Executive team and the Board, but we
are being disciplined in our approach. In the absence of acquisitions
we announced a share buyback programme in November 2024

of up to £40.0 million that we expect to execute over 18 months
with shares to the value of £4.7 million repurchased during 2024.

The Group is well placed as we enter 2025. Our balance sheet is
strong; the importance of our solutions and the long-term growth
driver of providing sustainable solutions to support the energy
transition are still the same. The Board remain confident in the
Group's long-term structural growth opportunities. While 2024 has
brought some very specific, short-term headwinds, our focus has
been on ensuring that we are managing the business appropriately
to position ourselves for growth in 2025 and beyond as our
end-markets recover.

‘As we prepare for the future, | am confident in our prospects and
that our team will continue to help deliver on our purpose ~ to use
advanced materials to make the world more sustainable and to
improve the quality of life.

Performance in 2024

Our first imperative is the safety and wellbeing of our colleagues.
and | am pleased to report that during 2024 our safety performance
continued to improve, reflecting the significant focus on employee
safety and wellbeing. The lost-time accident (LTA) rate, the headline
measure for health and safety, was 0.13 (2023: 0.19). Although we
are pleased that the LTA rate reduced significantly this year, we are
aware that there is more work to be done, particularly in relation to
process safety. My fellow non-executive Directors and | will continue
to support the Executive team to achieve a position of ‘zero harm’.

It has been a challenging year with our end-markets weakening
during the second half of the year, with declining and low order levels
in European and Chinese industrial and metals markets, slowing in
those same markets in the US and lower growth in Semiconductors.
Group revenue was 1.3% lower than in 2023 at reported rates and
3.7% higher on an organic constant-currency basis’. Adjusted
‘operating profit margin’ was below the bottom of our 12.5%-15%.
range, reflecting the sharp reduction in end-rnarket demand, but we
expect to be back in the range during 2025 as the restructuring and
efficiency actions we are taking come through.

Swwategicreport | Annual report 2024

The Board in 2024

In January 2025. Pete Raby announced that he would retire from
the business after a decade as CEO. Pete will be succeeded by
Damien Caby. currently President of the Thermal Products business.

Pete joined Morgan Advanced Materials in 2015 and has steered
the Company through a turbulent period, including the COVID-19
pandemic, the European energy crisis and a cyber security incident
in 2023. We will be sad to see him go. Pete leaves behind a better
business. From a personal perspective, Pete has been a pleasure to
work with and truly a driving force in setting up Morgan Advanced
Materials to have the bright prospects we see ahead. The whole
Board extends its sincere thanks and gratitude to Pete and wishes
him well in the future.

| would like to congratulate Damien on his appointment, a reflection
of his strong contribution and development since joining us in 2022.
We look forward to supporting Damien in his new role and to his
leading the Company to execute on its strategy and deliver against
the medium-term targets.

Laurence Mulliez, our Senior Independent Director, stepped
down in November 2024 after eight years on the Board, Having
served nine years on the Board, Helen Bunch, our Remuneration
Committee Chair, will be stepping down at this year’s AGM

We are pleased that Alison Wood joined the Board in November
2024 as our new Senior Independent Director and will take over
as Reruneration Committee Chair after the AGM. Alison is an
experienced non-executive director with a significant background
in international industrials. She brings deep governance expertise
gained across numerous listed businesses, having served as Chair,
Senior Independent Director, and Remuneration Committee
Chair in FTSE 350 businesses and is a very capable addition to the
Board. | would like to thank Laurence and Helen for their valued
contribution to the Board,

Responsible business

The Board takes its responsibilities to all its stakeholders seriously
and we are committed to maintaining direct and productive
relationships with our shareholders, colleagues and communities,
taking a range of perspectives and feedback into account in our
decision-making and stewardship.

The wellbeing of our colleagues remained a priority throughout the
year. We have listened to their views through regular engagement
surveys and employee listening sessions, Information on how we as a
Board and business responded to their views and the actions we took
locally and globally to improve their experiences can be found on
pages 66 and 67.

lam pleased by the progress we have made this year in reducing the
Group's environmental impact, We reduced scope | and 2 emissions
during the year and are now 55% below our 2015 baseline. We also
reduced our overall water usage.

We are on track to meet our 2030 goals. Not only are we making
‘our manufacturing processes more efficient, but more importantly
‘our products, which have properties to withstand heat and endure
other extreme environments, assist our customers in reducing their
environmental impact, either by lasting longer or improving the
efficient use of resources.

Dividend

The Board is recommending a final dividend for 2024 of 6.8 pence
(2023: 6.7 pence). Combined with the interim dividend of 5.4 pence
(2023: 5.3 pence), the resulting total dividend in respect of 2024 is
12.2 pence (2023: 12.0 pence).

The dividend will be payable on 13 May 2025 to shareholders on
the register on II April 2025. subject to shareholder approval.

The Board has committed to grow the ordinary dividend as the
economic environment and the Group's earnings improve, targeting
a dividend cover of around 2.5 times over the medium term

Looking forward to 2025

As we enter 2025, we remain cautious about the pressures on some
of our end-markets and heightened geopolitical risks, and we have
positioned the Group prudently as a resuilt,

We are focused on capitalising on the increased capacity in our
business from the capital investment programme and remain open
to inorganic growth opportunities,

We are confident that continued focus on the strengths of the
business, underpinned by our diverse set of product and market
positions, resilient balance sheet and the efficiency and productivity
gains from our restructuring programme, will support the further
progress and the success of the Group in the years ahead.

lan Marchant
Non-executive Chair

03

Morgan Advanced Materials

Our business model

We are a global manufacturer of advanced carbon and ceramic products.
We use our deep advanced materials expertise to solve complex problems.
We create and manufacture products which make a more sustainable world,

and improve the quality of life.

¢.450 engineers and materials scientists
in four Centres of Excellence (CoE)
and in our plants

Deep understanding of how and why
materials work, and how to change
their properties

Rich intellectual property protected
through trade secrets and select patents

Broad materials technology portfolio
in ceramics and carbon

Extensive materials testing and
characterisation capability and expertise

Market and sustainability focused
Product innovation and technological
ingenuity

04

Extensive process
know-how

Vast process know-how across the
business in systems, process engineers
and plant personnel

Significant proprietary equipment

Vertical integration to ensure tight
Process and product quality control,
and protect IP

Deep understanding of the interaction
of process steps on material properties

Ability to manufacture bespoke
components and combine into
value-added solutions

Skilled and motivated workforce in
a decentralised and entrepreneurial
organisation

Long relationships with trusted
suppliers and responsible procurement
practices

Our @agsntveltsed
anode emetltes ust

eaglogndiapreve
* garutea ts Gur

our materials science

platform and o
elationships

make us who we are

ORmwamsctanan

coRonng cement
fontpages48'and49)

.We solve problems:
vethically, ‘safely and

Strategic report

of customers ina

sustainably. diverse set of regional
Y 8

and global markets.

® Read more about how
we engage with our
stakeholders on pages 20
and 21. and tead more
about our environmental
focus’on pages 26 to'42..

@ Read more about our
markets on pages 6 to II

We serve a wide range

Annual report 2024

Customer focus and
application expertise

Dedicated/tailored sales channels for
customer centricity

Deep insights through engineering
relationships and strategic marketing into
customer needs and developments

Significant application expertise to allow
solution engineering and co-development

Broad product portfolio for complete
and optimal solutions

Extensive application testing capability,
including simulating actual conditions

A high level of qualification and
repeat business

Ability to serve globally with agile and
reliable local marketing

Long-term,
trusted relationships
with customers

Expanding
R&D
portunities

Product

annuity streams
underpinning
revenue growth
and margin
expansion

05

Morgan Advanced Materials

Strategic report | Annual report 2024

Core markets

Our core market portfolio is diversified an
differentiated. Our core markets make up
78% of Group revenue. In these core
markets, we are leading, or are among
the market leaders, with strong customer
loyalty, a respected brand and deep
application expertise.

Within our core. we see a mix of growth
rates, from GDP in industrial markets to
5-10% in Aerospace, Fire protection
and Defence.

78%

Industrial, Conventional transport, Metals
Petrochemical and Chemical, Security ancl
defence and Conventional energy

19.3% 9.2%

Clean energy and clean transportation Healthcare organic constant
organic constant currency’ revenue growth currency’ revenue growth

Faster growing markets

id Weare specifically targeting our faster
growing markets: Semiconductors,
Healthcare, Clean energy and clean
transportation. We see faster growth in
demand for our products in these markets.

22%

Semiconductors, Healthcare,
Clean energy and clean transportation

0.9%

Semiconductors organic constant
currency’ revenue growth

07

Morgan Advanced Materials

Our core markets

Our core markets provide a strong base and a diversified portfolio. Within these
markets, we aim to maintain our leadership positions and are focusing on market
segments that exhibit higher growth potential, such as Aerospace and Fire
Protection, and expanding the reach of our core portfolio in key geographies,
such as India.

Market opportunity
Industrial There is an increasing need for our customers to improve

operational efficiency and to reduce energy consumption
26./%

and carbon dioxide emissions to make their businesses
more sustainable.
‘of revenue in 2024

Conventional Growing populations, increasing urbanisation ang
. the demand for more sustainable and cost-effective
Transportation transportation options is driving an increase in demand for

conventional transportation solutions across the globe.
Air travel is increasing with demand from business and leisure
O customers. There is a growing need for these systems to run
. O more efficiently as well as to withstand greater extremes in
if ire.
of revenue in 2024 temperature

Petrochemical In the Petrochemical and Chemical markets our
and Chemical customers demand high performance insulation and

fire protection solutions.
9.6%

of revenue in 2024

Security and Defence spending is increasing globally, reflecting
Defence geopolitical tensions.

6./%

of revenue in 2024

We see a growing need for materials that can withstand
greater strains, pressures and temperatures.

08

Strategic report | Annual report 2024

How we add value

We engineer components which are highly resistant to
chemical and physical wear, corrosion and extreme
temperatures. These components sit at the heart of
many industrial processes.

We make high-performance components and
sub-assemblies to exacting standards for aerospace,
automotive, marine and rail applications,

Customers come to us for their most. demanding
applications, for example when they need to hold
very fine features on small components,

We manufacture a range of components ideally suited
to the uniquely demanding operating environments,

We supply precision-engineered materials, components
and assemblies to meet the exacting standards of the
global defence and security market.

Our advanced ceramic materials offer superior
dimensional stability, strength, stiffness and chemical
resistance across a wide range of temperatures.

How our products are used

> Our thermal ceramic fibres like Superwool® XTRA support better

energy consumption,

> We produce reduced wear, reliable seals which extend pump life by up
to 4x, (compared to spray coated stainless steel rings), resulting in the

significant reduction of through life costs.

> Our Pyro-Bloc® modules for regenerative thermal oxidisers reduce
the number of through-joints between modules, resulting in fewer

Opportunities for heat loss, and reduced fuel related expenses.

> We enable more efficient jet engines through the production of more

complex cores for casting turbine blades.

> We make carbon brushes for trains.
> We make high-temperature fibre products used for emission control

in vehicles.

> Our seals and bearings are used in vehicle fuel and thermal management,

providing near frictionless running and low wear rates.

> Our fused silica and mullite rollers enable thermal annealing of

automotive chassis parts.

> Our products and materials are routinely chosen to fulfil critical
applications for thermal management and downstream processing,
‘Owing to their resistance to chemical wear, corrosion and extreme heat.

> Our self-lubricating seals and bearings and our ceramic shafts reduce

the energy consumption of pumps in chemical plants.

> Our components for night vision systems enable superior performance.

> Our ceramic tiles are used to build high-performance body and
vehicle armour.

> Our ceramic cores are used to make high-performance turbine blades for

aircraft engines.

09

Morgan Advanced Mater

Our faster growing markets

We want to accelerate our organic growth by increasing our exposure
to faster growing market segments where we see the potential to
achieve higher returns.

Market trends

Semiconductors Our world is rapidly evolving, it is becoming more connected,
smarter, and more energy-efficient by the day. At the heart of this
transformation are semiconductors.

Silicon is the traditional and best known semiconducting material and
growth in this market is propelled by the relentless pace of digitisation
and connectivity, and the recent surge in artificial intelligence.

Newer semiconducting materials, SiC and Gallium Nitride (GaN)
are fuelling even stronger growth in the Wide Band Gap (WBG)
semiconductor market.

(@) SiC and GaN semiconductors have penetrated a wide range of
O industries, including electric vehicles, where they allow vehicles
to charge faster and drive further, power infrastructure,
Ofrevenue in 2024 5G telecommunications, data centres and artificial intelligence.
Healthcare The global medical devices sector is undergoing a period of significant

transformation largely driven by demographic shifts, evolving patient
needs and technological advancements.

An ageing population, combined with lifestyle related factors has
resulted in a global increase in the prevalence of chronic diseases.
Asa result, early detection, Prevention and improved management
of chronic diseases has become an increasing focus for healthcare

(@) systems across the globe.
/ . 6 % Technological advancements, including artificial intelligence,

robotics, predictive analytics and wearable medical technology have

ofrevenuein 2024 revolutionised the landscape of medical diagnostics and treatment,

Clean energy As the world seeks to decarbonise, the demand for clean energy is
and clean growing rapidly, driving demand for wind and solar Power, energy

. storage and nuclear generation
transportation Ground transportation is shifting away from fossil fuels to electric

power and fuel cells.

5.2%

of revenue in 2024