Wnt i

il

yoroe2022 #325 |
COMPANIES HOUSE
TF AB BWYBMY*
AI7 13/05/2022 #16 =!

COMPANIES HOUSE

Materials advancement
for a sustainable future

ANNUAL REPORT 2021

Morgan Advanced Materials plc (Registered in England and Wales No. 286773)

CONTENTS

2021 highlights
STRATEGIC REPORT

Chairman's statement

Section 172 statement

Our stakeholders

Chief Executive Officer's review

Our strategy in action

Our business model

Sustainability and responsibility

Key performance indicators

Risk management

Review of operations

Group financial review

Directors’ statements

Definitions and reconciliations of
non-GAAP measures to GAAP measures
GOVERNANCE

‘Chairman’ letter to shareholders

Board of Directors

Corporate governance

Report of the Audit Committee

Report of the Nomination Committee
Remuneration report

Other disclosures

Independent auditor's report to the
members of Morgan Advanced Materials plc
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Consolidated income statement
Consolidated statement of comprehensive income
Consolidated balance sheet

Consolidated statement of changes in equity
‘Consolidated statement of cash flows

Notes to the consolidated financial statements
‘Company balance sheet

Company statement of changes in equity
Notes to the Company balance sheet
Group statistical information

Cautionary statement

Glossary of terms.

Shareholder information

55

59
60
62
7
79
82
106

110

8
119

186

66 WE HAVE WORKED HARD TO BUILD
OUR CAPABILITIES AND IMPROVE OUR
PROCESSES, AND THIS FOUNDATION
HAS ENABLED US TO DELIVER STRONG
ORGANIC GROWTH AND EXPAND OUR

MARGINS, DESPITE SOME OF THE SUPPLY

CHAIN CHALLENGES AS THE GLOBAL
ECONOMY RECOVERS.99

Pete Raby
Chief Executive Officer

Mergen Adyonud Makerals ple

Significant trends shape our
modern world, accelerating
the demand for new and
more sustainable advanced
materials.

‘At Morgan Advanced Materials, we
use advanced carbon and ceramics
materials to support the move

toa more sustainable world,

Our people are driven to solve
complex customer problems:
from managing heat and enabling
greener technologies, to
supporting improved medical
diagnostics and protecting life.

‘Our purpose is ‘to use advanced
materials to make the world
more sustainable, and to improve
the quality of fe’. This purpose

is underpinned by our safe, ethical
and inclusive culture, embraced

2021 HIGHLIGHTS

ADJUSTED
PERFORMANCE'

REVENUE

£950.5m

2020: £910.7m | 2019: £1,049.5m

GROUP ADJUSTED OPERATING PROFIT’

£124.5m

2020: £91.7m | 2019: £134.2m

ADJUSTED EPS'

27.2p

2020: 19.0p | 2019: 28.0p

‘TOTAL DIVIDEND PER SHARE

9.|p

2020: 5.5p | 2019: 4.0p

by our 7,800 employees spanning over 25
countries, Working across many industries
and in a number of markets, we deliver the
materials science and technologies the
world needs now,

OUR STRATEGY

We are a global advanced manufacturing
organisation with leading capabilities in
three areas: materials science, application
engineering and customer focus.

Read more on page 10

OUR BUSINESS MODEL

We operate as two global divisions and
five global business units. We empower
our global business unit teams, giving them
considerable autonomy and enabling them
to act quickly and support their customer
needs. Our broad manufacturing footprint
enables us to supply customers locally from
a short supply chain.

Read more on pages 4 to 5

STATUTORY
PERFORMANCE

OPERATING PROFIT/(LOSS)

EI13.Im

2020: £(1.8)m | 2019: £126.1m

PROFIT/(LOSS) BEFORE TAX

£104.3m

2020: £(13.1)m | 2019: £109.7m,

CONTINUING EPS

23.9p

2020: (8.6)p | 2019: 25.2p

CONTINUING AND DISCONTINUED EPS

25.9p

2020: (7.9)p | 2019: 25.7

Overview
Strategic report
Governance
Financial statements

OUR ENVIRONMENTAL,

SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE (ESG)

CREDENTIALS

In line with our purpose we have set

stretching ESG goals:

> To improve the way we manufacture
and design our products, seeking
sustainable manufacturing processes
and better environmental outcomes for
the customer;

> To enhance social factors to keep our
people safe, and to ensure we provide
meaningful work that contributes to an
improved society and enables the
communities where we live and work
to thrive;

> To deliver robust governance ensuring
we operate to high ethical standards
and meet our local, regional and global
obligations as a UK listed global Group.

Read more on page I7

HEALTH, SAFETY AND
ENVIRONMENTAL
PERFORMANCE

LOST-TIME ACCIDENT FREQUENCY
per 100,000 hours worked

0.22

2020: 0.18 | 2019:0.14

ABSOLUTE CO,<
Tonnes

229,887

2020: 276,678 | 2019: 318,842

|. Throughout the Annual Report, including the Strategic Report, adjusted measures are used to describe the Group's financial performance. These adjusted
measures are not recognised under IFRS or other generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP). These measures are shown because the Directors
consider they provide useful information to shareholders, inluding additional insight into ongoing trading and year-on-year comparisons. These non-GAAP
measures should be viewed as complementary to, not replacements for, the comparable GAAP measures. Throughout this Report these non-GAAP
measures are clearly identified by an asterisk (*) where they appear in text, and by a footnote where they appear in tables and charts. Definitions and
reconcifations of these non-GAAP measures tothe relevant GAAP measures can be found in the Group Financial Review on pages 55 to 57.

2. Absolute COye has replaced energy intensity as a key measure of environmental performance, The Directors consider this to be a more stringent metric
{as the business continues to grow and iis algned to our 2030 targets.

Morgan Advanced Materials p|C 0 |
Annual Report 2021

CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT

661 AM PLEASED TO
INTRODUCE MORGAN'S
ANNUAL REPORT FOR 2021.
OUR PEOPLE AND BUSINESS
MODEL SHOWED THE
GROUP’S RESILIENCE
FOLLOWING THE
CHALLENGES OF 2020.99

Douglas Caster CBE FIET
Chairman

02 Morgan Advanced Materials (1¢
Annual Report 2021

In 2021 we continued to make
good progress in delivering
our strategy and the results
demonstrate that we are well
positioned for the long term.

lam proud of the way our people
have performed during the
challenging environment owing

to the COVID-19 pandemic and
achieved the results for 2021
which demonstrate increasing
demand for our products, driving
increases in revenues, profitability
and cash flows.

SAFETY OF OUR PEOPLE

The people in our business have shown strength
and stamina facing the challenges of 2021.
COVID-19 protocols are still in place across all
‘our sites, and we have experienced temporary
interruptions during peak infection periods.
Demand for our products has increased through
the year and sites are operating at full capacity in
some instances, | would like to thank our people
for their hard work and commitment.

The first imperative is the safety of our people
and | am disappointed that during 2021 our safety
performance dipped. Supporting executive
management, your Board has spent a significant
amount of time discussing safety performance
and overseeing a new approach to safety culture.
‘These discussions have emphasised a more
holistic approach to safety, and this now
encompasses greater focus on the wellbeing of
our people. My fellow non-executive Directors
and | will continue to support management

to achieve a position of ‘zero harm’

ENVIRONMENT AND STRATEGY

We are working to reduce the Group's
environmental impact, and this has become an
increasingly important area not only for you, our
shareholders, but also our customers, suppliers
and employees. | am pleased by the progress we
have made to date and the opportunities we
have identified for the future. Not only are we
making our manufacturing processes more
efficient and reducing our CO,e emissions, but
more importantly our products, which have
properties to withstand heat and endure other
‘extreme environments, assist our customers

in reducing their environmental impact, either
by lasting longer or improving the efficient use
of resources,

During 2021, we set our execution priorities for
the next three years and these are explained

in more detail in the Chief Executive Officer's
Report. Following the restructuring and efficiency
programme which completed in 2021, we are
well positioned for growth and will focus on
opportunities to innovate in faster-growing
markets, whilst further developing our service

to customers.

I strongly believe that the next phase of our
strategy, whilst including stretching targets for
our environmental performance and focus on
our people and their safety, supports Morgan's
purpose to use advanced materials to make
the world more sustainable, and to improve
the quality of life.

FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE
Morgan's financial health has improved
significantly during recent years, and this is
reflected in a progressive dividend payment
policy. The Board considers the allocation of
capital carefully and the investments needed for
the future of the business, The Group has made
good progress in reducing debt, proactively
‘managing the defined benefit pension deficit
and improving cash generation.

BOARD CHANGES

Later this year, we will say goodbye to Peter
Turner who has been Chief Financial Officer
since 2016. On behalf of the Board | would like
to thank Peter for his support and significant
contribution to the Group over the last five years.
Peter has worked tirelessly and successfully to
strengthen the financial position of the Group,
and his calm and rigorous leadership has been
invaluable to the Board and executive team.
He leaves the Group much stronger and
healthier than when he arrived, and we wish
him well in his retirement.

Richard Armitage will join the Board as
Chief Financial Officer in May 2022 and we
look forward to welcoming him to the Group.

OUTLOOK

The global business environment continues

to be challenging. The role of the Board is

more important than ever in assisting executive
management to navigate through the competing
priorities of managing the business day to day,
whilst continuously looking to the future in order
to secure the Group's position. The fulfilment of
‘our purpose, execution of our strategy and focus
‘on environmental, social and governance matters
support the position of the Group for the long
‘term, and | am confident for the future.

Douglas Caster CBE FIET
Chairman

Overview
Strategic report

Governance
Financial staternents,

Morgan Advanced Materials to3
‘Annual Report 2021

SECTION 172 STATEMENT

STATEMENT BY THE DIRECTORS IN PERFORMANCE

OF THEIR STATUTORY DUTIES IN ACCORDANCE

WITH SECTION 172(1) COMPANIES ACT 2006

The Board is committed to the creation of value through sustainable
growth. When making decisions and considering key matters of
business, the Board considers the implications of its decisions for

the long term; takes account of the interests of the Group's key
stakeholders and how decisions might impact them; and has regard
to the need to maintain high standards of business conduct and our
commitment to environmental, social and governance (ESG) matters.

HOW THE BOARD TAKES STAKEHOLDER INTERESTS
AND OTHER MATTERS INTO ACCOUNT

Alll decisions and business conducted by the Board are considered
in the context of Morgan Advanced Materials’ overriding purpose
to ensure alignment.

During 2021, the Board reviewed the Group's key stakeholders

and confirmed that they continue to be its investors, customers,
employees, suppliers, pensioners and pension trustees and
communities. Our key stakeholders, why they are significant, the
main methods we use to engage with them, and the issues of interest
to them are set out on pages 6 and 7.

Further information on the mechanisms used by the Board to engage
with key stakeholders, in particular with investors and the workforce,
and details of the issues raised by them as a result of the engagement
and the effectiveness of the methods of engagement, can be found

on page 30 of the Sustainability and Responsibility section and

pages 69 to 72 of the Corporate Governance Report.

HOW THE BOARD TAKES DECISIONS.

A robust governance framework ensures that the appropriate
decisions are referred to the Board for consideration. Further
information on the Company's governance structures, delegation

of authority and how the Board operates is set out in the Corporate
Governance Report on pages 64 to 66. The Board reviews the
Group's principal and emerging risks regularly and takes into account
the Group's appetite for risk when taking decisions.

The Board spent time during 202! engaging with a diverse cross-
section of employees, as well as monitoring and assessing the Group's
culture. These insights have informed the Board's discussion when
assessing progress in relation to fostering a safe, ethical and diverse
workplace. These interactions have also enabled the Board to
understand the capabilities of the current and future leadership team
and the extent to which employees understand and are aligned with
the Group's strategic direction.

The principal matters and key decisions considered by the Board
during 202I are set out on pages 68 to 69 of the Corporate
Governance Report.

Morgan Advanced Materials p|¢
Annual Report 2021

04

CONSEQUENCE OF ANY DECISION IN THE LONG TERM
The Board considers the long-term success of the Group when
conducting its business, for example, when monitoring the
implementation of the Group strategy, approving investments in
new product development, approving capital expenditure to upgrade
plant and equipment and in overseeing the development of

Morgan's people. Information on the Group's purpose and strategy,
and how these serve to guide the long-term direction of the Group,
is set out on page 10.

KEY DECISIONS TAKEN DURING 2021

I. Approval of a new environmental, social and governance
(ESG) strategy which set goals for 2030 in relation to safety
performance, CO,e emissions, water usage, employee
engagement and diversity and inclusion.
How the decision was taken: The strategy was developed
by comparing the ESG areas that investors are focused on and
how these are aligned with Morgan's business to determine
five priority areas, The Board of Directors had oversight of the
process to develop the strategy and reviews progress at each
Board meeting.

How stakeholder interests were taken into account:

> Workforce — A cross-section of employees were asked for
their views on the most important ESG issues to the business
and this assessment was taken into account by the Board when
selecting the main objectives of the ESG strategy and the key
issues to focus on and improve;

> Customers — Our ESG performance is increasingly important
to our customers who view us as partners who share the same
values and approach to conducting business responsibly. This
safeguards our customers’ reputation and ensures that we
remain a reliable party in their supply chain for the long term.
Consequently, our customers expect us to be able to
demonstrate ESG performance and plans for improvement;

> Suppliers - Our suppliers depend on our success and support
the steps we take to maximise efficiency and remain competitive;

> Community - There is a widespread expectation that large
corporates behave responsibly, minimise the use of resources
and take steps towards a more sustainable future;

> Investors - The integration of ESG into our long-term business
strategy responds to demands from investors for companies to
manage the environmental impact, take care of their people and
the communities in which they operate and behave responsibly,
with a view to ensuring their long-term success.

Impact of the decision: ESG targets for 2030 and aspirational
goals for 2050 are set out on page 9 and in the Sustainability and
Responsibility section.

2. Approval of a fresh approach to safety comprising a two-pronged
strategy: (j) evolution to a caring culture and (ji) a new health
and safety management system, with a long-term aspiration
of ‘zero harm’.

How the decision was taken: In addition to the regular reports
presented by executive management containing details of safety
performance, the Board received an analysis of Morgan's position
in relation to safety culture. The Board reviewed and approved
the strategy.

How stakeholder interests were taken into account:

> Workforce — A detailed explanation of the Board’s engagement
with the workforce on safety is set out on page 70 of the
Corporate Governance Report; ©

> Customers — We work with customers who expect us to manage
our business responsibly and to demonstrate that we comply
with their expectations so that they can demonstrate that there
is a consistent and responsible approach to safety throughout
their supply chain;

> Investors — Our investors expect us to implement safety policies
and procedures and to improve safety performance in order to
protect our reputation and preserve the value of their investment;

> Community - Contractors, visitors and other third parties enter
our sites and business premises. The strategy ensures that the
safety procedures and protocols apply consistently across our
business to create a safe environment for all.

Impact of the decision: The new strategy is being rolled out
across the Group with activities and training to build a caring
safety culture and develop standard safety systems across the
Group. This is described further in the section on Health and
Safety on pages 18 to 19 in the Sustainability and Responsibility
Report.

3. Consideration of capital allocation taking into account the needs
of the business in the shorter term and balancing these with
the long-term sustainability of the Group and its responsibilities
to our people and the society in which we operate.
How the decision was taken: The Board received an
evaluation, prepared by executive management, which set out a
number of considerations including cash performance, level of
financial indebtedness, position relative to financial covenants,
contributions to the defined benefit pension schemes, dividend
policy and investor needs, and proposals to invest to grow the
business and to meet environmental and safety commitments.

How stakeholder interests were taken into account:

> Employees ~ The Board considered that investments in plant
and machinery in order to improve safety, efficiency and
environmental impact and production, and to grow the business,
would benefit current employees by improving their safety
and environment, whilst also safeguarding jobs for the future;

> Investors — Investor expectations in relation to the progression
of dividend payments, both from a capital return perspective and
as a signal of future performance, were taken into account and
a dividend policy was discussed and agreed. The discussion
included consideration of key questions around quantum, timing
and dividend progression;

> Pensioners and pension trustees - The Company's obligations
in relation to funding the defined benefit pension schemes were
considered. In addition, the Board considered the likely impact
of funding allocations to promote a stable and sustainable
‘Company which would benefit pensioners and pension trustees
in the longer term;

> Lenders/providers of debt ~ The impact of paying a dividend
‘on whether the Company remained within the financial covenants
agreed with lenders;

‘Strategic report
Governance

Financial statements

~> Customers and suppliers - The Board determined that a prudent
balance of reinvesting capital in the business with dividends paid
to investors served these stakeholder groups’ interests for the
longer term.

Impact of the decision: The Board approved the dividend policy.

4. Continuous review of the Group-wide restructuring programme
to improve performance and support long-term growth which
was approved and commenced in 2020, with the addition of
further select small portfolio changes.

How the decision was taken: The Board received progress
reports on the implementation of the restructuring programme
from the dedicated project manager at each Board meeting.

How stakeholder interests were taken into account:

> Employees ~ The Board considered the restructuring activities
taken to be in the interests of employees in order to promote
sustainable performance of the Group for the long term. The
Board ensured that executive management provided clear and
timely communication of the decisions which impacted specific
sites, and that there was meaningful dialogue on the changes
between employees, their representatives and management;

> Investors, customers, suppliers, pensioners and pension trustees
and communities — The Board determined that the restructuring
activities served these stakeholder groups’ interests for the
longer term.
Impact of the decision: The restructuring programme
efficiencies have contributed to the robustness of the Group
which is well placed for growth and to serve customers’ needs.

Further information on these significant decisions can be found

throughout this Annual Report:

~> The Chairman's Statement on page 3 and the Chief Executive
Officer's Review on pages 8 to 9 provide information on the
strategic context;

~> The Review of Operations on pages 44 to 49 contains information
‘on the restructuring programme;

> The Group Financial Review on pages 50 to 52 provides
information on measures taken in relation to the Group's financial
performance; and

> Pages 18 and 19 of the Sustainability and Responsibility section
contain information on our safety policy and performance.

Morgan Advanced Materials ime) 5
Annual Report 2021

OUR STAKEHOLDERS

Our stakeholders are key to the delivery of our strategy. Below we set out the
many ways we engage with stakeholders and why their engagement matters.

WHO ARE OUR
STAKEHOLDERS?

INVESTORS

Those who own shares or wish to own
shares in Morgan Advanced Materials

CUSTOMERS

Those who have purchased our products or will do so
in the future

WHY OUR
STAKEHOLDERS
ARE IMPORTANT
TOUS

Our investors provide capital for our business,
We value this commitment and want to ensure
investors have a deep understanding of our
business, our strategy, the market environment
and our governance arrangements.

Itis important to us that we foster an open and
transparent relationship to enable investors to
make effective investment decisions,

We aim to deliver great service so that our customers feel valued and
choose us as their ‘go-to’ supplier. To do this effectively we need to
listen to and engage with them,

We develop relationships with our customers based on mutual trust
and constructive dialogue.

We have a diverse customer base across the globe, which we serve
directly, and also through joint venture partnerships and local suppliers.
We are seeing growing demand for advanced materials as customers
push the boundaries of technology.

We have been working closely with our customers to develop new
solutions for their next generation of products and processes.

We are providing products that are differentiated from those of our
competitors.

HOW WE
ENGAGE WITH
STAKEHOLDERS

‘We engage with our investors directly through
both the formal presentation of results and investor
roadshows. We also use these opportunities to talk
about the future and the longer-term plans for

our business.

When asked, we complete investor questionnaires
which give a further insight into key aspects of our
business performance.

We provide a dedicated section on our website
which offers timely information on how we are
performing against our stated ESG goals.

We publish a yearly sustainability and responsibilty,
report that details the progress we are making
against our ESG targets, including full disclosure

(of metrics and ratings Inked to environmental
performance,

‘The relationship with our customers starts from the moment they look
to find out about our products. We keep customers updated on the
progress of our innovation and new product applications through digital
and physical channels.

Our sales and service colleagues also keep customers updated on the
progress of manufacturing; sometimes working alongside the customer
to fine-tune the product and production process.

We also gather key feedback from customers about the service we
provide and use this to help improve relationships and secure future
business

WHAT MATTERS
TO OUR
STAKEHOLDERS?

> Capital gain through share price appreciation;

> Capital return via dividends;

> Profitability and business growth potential

> Quality of governance:

> Responsibility and fairness;

> The protection of the environment through
the use of more sustainable materials and the
reduction of carbon emissions, reduction in
water use and improved waste management;

> Demonstrating our ‘good governance’ approach
throughout our decision making:

> Demonstrating the positive contribution we
make to society through the employment
opportunities we provide, through our
interactions with the communities where
we have our sites and through the support
we provide to our people.

> Reliable and consistent service:
> Quality products;

> Product and process innovation;

> Ability to solve complex problems;

> Application engineering capabilities;

> How we source our raw materials:

> Environmental impact of the products we produce.

06

Annual Report 2021

Morgan Advanced Materials phe

EMPLOYEES

Anyone directly employed by
Morgan Advanced Materials

SUPPLIERS

Those from whom
we purchase goods
or services

PENSIONERS AND.
PENSION TRUSTEES

Strategic report
Governance
Financial statements

COMMUNITIES

Those who live or operate in areas
where we work - for example
residents, businesses and charities

Having people who bring a diverse range of

We believe in an open

Alter more than 160 years in

(Our people five and work within wider

talents and perspectives, and who feel engaged | and collaborative business | business, we would not be —_|_ communities and relationships with these
in their role, is of paramount importance approach and seek as strong as we are today communities are key in supporting our
to our long-term success. opportunites for innovation. | without the combined efforts | business for the future.
‘Our employees have been instrumental This collaborative approach —_| of all those who went before. | Our relationship with local communities
in making Morgan Advanced Materials the is particularly important to | By keeping our pension is mutually beneficial, offering us the ideal
company it is today. They are key to driving the | ensure a more sustainable ‘commitments, we honour place to find the talent of tomorrow,
brand forward and ensuring it remains relevant | SUPPly chain. the hard work and dedication | While enabling our people to get involved
in the future. We aim to use all our of both current and past in activities which directly benefit these
We work to attract, develop and retain the resources as efficiently as employees. communities,
right people and ensure they are in the right possible, minimising the We seek to build trust by understanding
roles. environmental and socal the issues core to our communities,
impact on ourselves, our ‘operating responsibly and addressing
suppliers, our customers concerns that are material to them.
and the world around us. ,
We aim to create long-term relationships
with the communities in which we
‘operate, that drive positive change and
help build a more sustainable future.
‘The Board is committed to fostering a safe, ‘We treat our suppliers as We engage with both current | Our aim is to have a positive impact
ethical and indusive workplace and spends an extension of our business | pensioners and those yetto | on the communities we serve, from
time engaging with a diverse cross-section of | and therefore expect them —_| retire through regular pension | supporting job creation and skills
employees, as well as monitoring and assessing | to uphold the same high communications in conjunction | advancement, to reducing energy and
the Group

---

's culture. These insights help inform | standards we set for with our pension trustees, water consumption at our plants. All our

the Board's discussions on health, safety and
environmental matters, in monitoring progress
in relation to embedding ethical conduct and
implementation of the Morgan Code, and

in strengthening the capabilities of our leaders
and teams.

Ata local level, leadership teams use feedback
from surveys. focus groups, pilot groups,
manager One-to-one conversations and
employee communications to shape
engagement activities with employees.

‘Ata Group level, we solicit feedback through
‘our social media channels both internally and
externally, and through employee satisfaction
platforms such as Glassdoor.

Atall levels we engage on subjects important
to our people including: mental health at work,

ourselves. To achieve this,
we are in constant dialogue
with our suppliers to address
any issues and maintain
productive relationships.

We have published a new
Supplier Code of Conduct
which provides a set of
minimum conduct standards
that we expect from our
suppliers globally. Our
Supplier Code focuses

Con treating people fairly
complying with health and
safety rules, protecting the
environment, and adhering
to important ethics and

New employees receive
communications about our
pension schemes in a bid to
promote financial wellbeing.

efforts and engagements are governed
by the Morgan Code, our purpose
and our policies on the environment.
As our sites and operations are spread
across the globe, we have the
‘opportunity to work with many
‘communities. We pride ourselves

‘on engaging at a local level and look to
understand each community's priorities
and concerns. We also support our
employees’ involvement in their local
‘community, from charity giving to focal
fundraising, and from volunteering

to health and wellbeing initiatives.

safety, the environment, developing a diverse | CO™Plance obligations.
and inclusive culture, and the important role
of community and charity.
> Meaningful roles linked to our purpose; > Human rights; > The commitment ofthe | -> Our commitment to the local
> Flexible working: > Environmental and Company to ensure the environment;
ing: climate impact; Pension scheme is ful > Our conduct as a socially responsible
> Focus on wellbeing: limate impact; funded and any deficit pales ly respons
> Career development: > Quality management; reduction plan is
> A diverse and inclusive culture. > Cost efficiency, maintained, > The positive impact we can have

> Ethical trading policies
and sustainable sourcing:

> Developing long-term
relationships.

‘on the community living and working
around us:

> Employment opportunities.

Morgan Advanced Materials ¢!c 07
Annual Report 2021

CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER'S REVIEW

661AM EXTREMELY PROUD OF
HOW OUR PEOPLE HAVE
WORKED TOGETHER THIS YEAR,
LOOKING OUT FOR EACH
OTHER AND DELIVERING FOR
OUR CUSTOMERS. WE MADE
FURTHER PROGRESS WITH THE
EXECUTION OF OUR STRATEGY,
STRENGTHENING OUR
CAPABILITIES AND IMPROVING
THE SUSTAINABILITY OF

OUR BUSINESS.9 9

Pete Raby
Chief Executive Officer

0) 8 Morgan Advanced Materials plc
Annual Report 2021

2021 was the second challenging
year with the COVID-19 pandemic
driving various restrictions on
mobility and activity around

the world. Demand recovered
strongly across the global
economy following the sharp
slowdown in 2020, and the
combination of high demand

and the pandemic led to supply
chain disruptions, and inflation

in materials and labour in various
parts of our business. Nevertheless,
in spite of these challenges,

we have made good progress

as a business, with further
implementation of our strategy
and progress against our long-
term goals. This resulted in
strong growth and saw margins
at their highest point in more
than 20 years.

COVID-19

We have maintained our COVID-19 controls
across the business as needed, in line with the
requirements of local jurisdictions and our Group
COVID-I9 standards. Our employees have
been diligent in looking out for one another

and following our protocols to keep each other
safe, Sadly, we have seen further loss of life due
to the pandemic, and our thoughts are with all
those affected,

SUSTAINABILITY
Our purpose is ‘to use advanced materials to
make the world more sustainable and to improve
the quality of life. In 2021, we set out five
aspirations for our business together with goals
for 2030. We have made good progress against
each of these, and we are starting to see that
reflected in some of our KPIs:
1. ‘Zero harm’ to our employees, with a 2030
goal of a lost-time accident rate of 0.1.
Our lost-time accident rate in the year was
0.22 compared to 0.18 in the prior year.
‘We launched a major refresh of our approach
to safety during the year, with training being
deployed to all employees focusing on our
safety culture. This formal training will
complete during 2022 and the changes will
bbe sustained by our leaders in their daily
‘engagement with our teams, and via
follow-up training on specific safety topics
through the year. We have also continued
to invest in safety improvements across our
business to improve the quality and safety
of our infrastructure.

. ACO, net zero business by 2050, with
a 2030 goal of a 50% reduction in scope |
and 2 CO,e emissions, additionally we will
start to measure scope 3 emissions from
2023 onwards, with coverage increasing over
time, Our teams across the business have
embraced this challenge and put in place plans
to improve our energy efficiency and switch
to zero-carbon energy sources, During the
year, we reduced our absolute CO,e
emissions by 17%.

. Use water sustainably across our business,
with 2030 goals of reducing water use and
water use in high-stress areas by 30%. We
have launched a number of capital projects to
recycle water and improve water efficiency.
They started to deliver some benefits in 2021
and will drive further improvements in 2022.
Our water usage in the short-term increased
by 15%, driven by business growth and
changes in mix. Our water usage in stress