Unlocking
our potential _

_

#42

nt

——

sy
*AF27151
43 46/05/207
COMPANIES HO

LJ

We are a global
leader in advanced
materials

— We combine material science, deep eppieation

Rava Spertse end process @cellenas to eo-dasign

| Obn and manviacure mission arttee solutions,

o ‘These solitons are et the heart of sodisiiy’s most

essential systems tocky and tney wil enelalle the

Ac cpmerng em? breaichroughs oftemenrow. Our proctucts help
people move, build end thrive. We help power

£99, | Mm human progress, where f mettters most.

STotallemployees} 8 10

@ Sw ome argentino

Morgan
Code

‘Ths Morgan Gadis (‘tha Gade)
governs inow wa wrens ame) &

tb publidy aatetle th 1 txgueges
> we werk alah,

> we works cinteally,

> we treet our psople tity,

> we protect eur business,

Financial Statements

Strategic Report

Chair's statement
Introducing our new CEO

CEO's review

Our strategy

Our business model

Market environment

Key performance indicators (‘KPIs’)

Stakeholder engagement

Section 172(1) statement

Non-financial and sustainability information statement
A responsible business incorporating TCFD

Risk management

Group financial review

Directors’ statements

Governance

Chair's letter to shareholders

Board of Directors

Governance overview

Key Board focus areas during the year
Board oversight of strategy
Monitoring and embedding culture
Engaging with our workforce
Assessing Board performance

UK Corporate Governance Code
compliance statement

Report of the Audit Committee
Report of the Nomination Committee
Remuneration Report

Other disclosures

Independent Auditor's Report

Financial Statements

Consolidated income statement

Consolidated statement of comprehensive income
Consolidated balance sheet

Consolidated statement of changes in equity
Consolidated statement of cash flows

Notes to the consolidated financial statements
Company balance sheet

Company statement of changes in equity
Notes to the Company financial statements
Group statistical information

Cautionary statement

Glossary

Alternative performance measures
Shareholder information

Chair's statem

A history

of innovation

lan Marchant
Nor executive Chair

2025 was a significant year for
Morgan Advanced Materials,
marked by changes in the
Group's executive leadership
and an evolution of our strategy,
focused on stability, growth

and unlocking our potential.

Following his appointment as CEO in July 2025, Damien Caby led a
comprehensive review of the business. He and the team developed
a revised strategy for the Group, with input from the Board. The
revised strategy has full Board endorsement and was presented to
analysts and institutional investors at a Strategy Update Event in
December 2025. The teams are already well underway in their
delivery of this strategy.

While the year was characterised by continued global economic and
geopolitical uncertainty and a difficult end-market environment
impacting our performance, we nonetheless made progress across
the Group and delivered our business simplification and efficiency
initiatives, continuing our track record of self-help, Our investment in
semiconductor capacity, scaled back from the original plan to align
with short-term cyclical weakness, is now substantially complete.
We made good progress across our simplification and efficiency
initiatives. The initiatives delivered additional savings of £16 million
in 2025 and are on track to deliver total savings of of £27 million in
2026, compared to our 2023 baseline. These measures will ensure

02

we are well placed to benefit from rapid margin expansion as markets
recover. We also made further advances with our IT systems and
infrastructure, continuing the high level of investment in new
capabilities, the replacement of older systems and strengthening

our cyber security posture.

Afocus on stability and growth means making choices about the
shape of the business. The Board will continue to evaluate
opportunities to improve Morgan Advanced Materials’ portfolio to
deliver faster growth. as we have done most recently, for example,
with the disposal of the non-strategic Molten Metal Systems (MMS)
business. We have now commenced a formal Strategic review of
our Thermal Products division. This is a focus of the executive team
and the Board and further updates will be provided in due course.
We took the decision to pause our share buyback programme as
part of our focus on balance sheet resilience and to prioritise
margin-enhancing growth.

The Board remains confident in the Group's long-term structural
growth opportunities. The importance of our mission critical
solutions and the long-term growth driver of providing sustainable
solutions to support the energy transition are still the same. Our
focus has been on ensuring that we are managing the business
appropriately to position ourselves for growth as our end-markets
recover and the outcome of our strategy is reflected in our results.

As we prepare for the future, | am confident in our prospects and
that our team will continue to help deliver on our purpose — to use
advanced materials to make the world more sustainable and to
improve the quality of life

Performance in 2025

Our first imperative is the safety and wellbeing of our colleagues.
During 2025, our safety performance declined, despite the significant
focus on employee safety and wellbeing. Supporting the executive
team. your Board has spent a significant amount of time reviewing
safety performance and challenging the executive team on how
safety performance and culture can be improved. My fellow
non-executive Directors and | will continue to support the executive
team to achieve a position of ‘zero harm’.

Governance

Strategic

ee

The business delivered a resilient performance against a backdrop
of challenging markets. Demand for our products used in silicon
carbide (SiC) power semiconductor production reduced during the
year, driven by destocking in the electric vehicle (EV) supply chain
and the shift of SiC material growth towards China. Reflecting these
dynamics, the Group has recognised an impairment charge of
£15.6 million related to certain specialist assets held by Performance
Carbon ata UK site which are dedicated to the Semiconductor
material growth market. This impairment is consistent with the
expectations for our Semiconductor business that the Group set
out in its Strategy Update in December.

We sawa decrease in sales in our Healthcare markets, driven by
tariff-related inventory adjustments and lower demand for certain
mature product lines. Market conditions in European industrial and
global automotive markets also weakened. This was countered in
part by strong performance in our Aerospace markets. Group
revenue was 3.3% lower than in 2024 on an organic constant-
currency basis®. Margin remained below our financial framework
guidance, and is an area of increased focus.

Leverage increased during 2025 as a result of reduced earnings

and our investment in our digital transformation and simplification
initiatives, but will reduce during 2026 as our investment in
simplification comes toa close and upon realisation of the proceeds
from the disposal of MMS.

Your Board has spent a considerable amount of time evaluating
operational and commercial effectiveness, reviewing and challenging
divisional strategies and overseeing the transformation programmes
to improve trading performance. See the CEO's review on pages 5
to 6 and Group financial review on pages 46 to $2 for more
information on how the business performed during the year:

The Board in 2025

1am pleased to report that your Board is functioning well and focused
‘on supporting management through strategy development and
operational delivery. We have focused in particular on trading
performance, the CEO succession and revised strategy this year.
Damien has settled well into his new role and strengthened his
leadership team. He is bringing ever intensifying focus to the many
essential aspects of performance delivery that we need to improve
to achieve our aspirations for Morgan Advanced Materials, and he
has refreshed the operating cadence to enhance the delivery of
short-term goals and reinforce the focus and momentum of the
strategic initiatives.

During the year, we welcomed new perspectives to the Board.
further strengthening our strategic, financial and operational
oversight and materials science expertise. Two new non-executive
Directors — Jane Lodge and Professor Mary Ryan CBE FREng ~ joined
the Board. Jane will take over as Audit Committee Chair after the
2026 AGM, from Jane Aikman who will step down at the AGM after
nine years on the Board.

Pete Raby stepped down as CEO in July 2025. | and the whole Board
would like to thank him for his significant contribution to Morgan
‘Advanced Materials over his 10-year tenure as CEO. Having served
nine years on the Board, Helen Bunch stepped down in May 2025
We would also like to thank Helen Bunch and Jane Aikman for

their contributions.

Morgan Advanced Materials / Annual Report 2025

Financial Statements

Responsible business

The Board takes its responsibilities to all its stakeholders seriously
and we are committed to maintaining direct and productive
relationships with our shareholders, colleagues and communities.
taking a range of perspectives and feedback into account in our
decision-making and stewardship.

The wellbeing of our colleagues remained a priority throughout the
year. We have listened to their views through regular engagement
surveys and employee listening sessions. Information on how we as
a Board and business responded to their views, and the actions we
took locally and globally to improve their experiences, can be found
on pages 64 and 65.

lam pleased by the progress we have made this year in reducing the
Group's environmental impact, We reduced scope | and 2 emissions
during the year and are now 58% below our 2015 baseline. We also
reduced our overall water usage.

We are on track to meet our 2030 goals. Not only are we making
‘our manufacturing processes more efficient, but more importantly
‘our products, which have properties to withstand heat and endure
other extreme environments, assist our customers in reducing their
environmental impact. either by lasting longer or improving the
efficient use of resources.

lend

The Board is recommending a final dividend for 2025 of 6.8 pence
(2024: 6.8 pence). Combined with the interim dividend of 5.4 pence
(2024: 5.4 pence), the resulting total dividend in respect of 2025 is
12.2 pence (2024: 12.2 pence).

The dividend will be payable on 12 May 2026 to shareholders on
the register on 10 April 2026, subject to shareholder approval.
The Board has committed to maintaining then growing the
Ordinary dividend with adjusted earnings cover of circa 2.5 times.

Looking forward to 2026

Aswe enter 2026. we note early signs of stabilisation but remain
cautious about the pressures on some of our end-markets and
heightened geopolitical risks, and we have positioned the Group
prudently as a result.

The Board is confident that the revised strategy provides a clear
and credible roadmap for delivering sustainable performance
improvement and margin growth. With disciplined capital allocation,
the Board believes that the operating divisions are well placed to
deliver against their strategic mandates and create enduring value for
shareholders. We look forward to updating you on progress against
‘our strategy in the coming year.

lan Marchant
Noyexecutive Chair

03

CEO's review continued

Drive: We are driving stronger growth by focusing on our right

to win to enhance our value proposition and gain market share.
We have initiated focused plans to upgrade our position in selected
value chains to allow us to grow irrespective of market cycles.

> Our Performance Carbon division is capitalising on its reputation
and innovation in body armour and trade control capabilities by
expanding into other defence systems. We are making a targeted
investment in incremental capacity during 2026, backed by
multi-year contracts.

Our Technical Ceramics division is building on its leading position
in ceramic cores for engines blades by investing in capacity to meet
the increase in aircraft deliveries and progressive ramp-up of new
generation engines with higher design complexity.

Vv

Maximise: We are actively managing our portfolio to maximise its
value through partnerships, divestments and bolt-on M&A.

> We have commenced a formal Strategic review of our Thermal
Products division. We will assess a full range of strategic options,
including options for significant business performance
improvement measures and a potential disposal. We will
undertake the necessary preparatory work to ensure that we can
act at pace once the review reaches a conclusion. No decisions
have been made and we will provide further market updates in
due course.

Our strategy will deliver against a clear
medium-term financial framework

> Above-market organic constant-currency revenue growth:
We expect to achieve growth in excess of GDP.
> Reliable and competitive margins: We expect to achieve an
adjusted operating profit® margin of 12% by 2028 with sustainable
margins of between 12% and 14% beyond 2028.
Sustainable EPS Growth: Achieving sustained growth in adjusted
Earnings per Share*, ahead of organic revenue growth, driven by
a combination of organic growth, margin accretion, shareholder
returns and M&A.
Attractive ROIC: 17% - 20% ROIC*.
Resilient balance sheet: Leverage range of !.0x to I.5x, or up to
2.0x adjusted EBITDA* post-acquisition, utilising our strong
balance sheet to fund our organic growth, and then over time
deploying excess capital to fund incremental M&A or additional
shareholder returns as appropriate.
> Appropriate dividend cover: Shareholder dividends maintained
then growing with adjusted earnings at around 2.5x cover

Vv

vv

Share buyback

As announced in December 2025, we paused our buyback
programme as part of our focus on balance sheet resilience.
The second £10 million tranche of the buyback has now completed
and the Group has purchased a total of £20 million of shares.

06

Safety, people, sustainability

We have clear 2030 goals for our business, all of which are measured
against a 2015 baseline.

1.0.10 LTA rate: our LTA rate was 0.18 (2024: 0.13) which is an
increase compared to the prior year. Safety of our employees
is essential and addressing the root causes of fost time and
recordable accidents is a critical focus for the Board and Senior
Management team. We have undertaken a detailed root cause
analysis of 2025 incidents. and as a result, we have developed
a focused plan to reinforce the skills and engagement of our
manufacturing leaders across the Group, and to implement more
focused actions at selected sites during 2026. Alongside, we will
maintain our focus on process safety, We have made significant
progress in this area during 2025, with strong engagement and
momentum in the implementation of the improvement plans in
the first of three waves of deployment.

2. 40% of female leadership: We continue to improve our gender
diversity and 36% of our leadership population are female, a year
on year improvement of 2%. We will continue our focus on
ensuring that our policies, working conditions, development
and support offering, and recruiting approaches deliver a more
supportive environment for our female leaders.

3. Atop quartile engagement score: our engagement score was
75%. an improvement on the prior year. It is pleasing to see
Progress on this metric, particularly at the sites where engagement
levels are below average. Our leaders remain focused with site
specific actions.

Reduce scope | and 2 CO, emissions by 50%: We reduced by 5%
inthe year and we are now 58% below our baseline, significantly
ahead of our glidepath. 80% of our power is from low-carbon
sources and going forward, as our business grows. we are focusing
on process efficiency and new technologies in order to sustain this
performance.

>

5, Reduce water usage and water use in high-stress areas by 30%:
Our overall water usage reduced by 11% and water use in
high-stressed areas has decreased by 3%. We are 39% and
23% below our baseline, respectively.

Outlook

Demand in our end-markets has broadly stabilised and our outlook
for 2026 is in-line with current market expectations. Organic
constant-currency revenue growth is expected to be |-2% and.
supported by a continued focus on efficiency and the first results of
our Transform initiatives, we expect to deliver an adjusted operating
profit® margin at or around 10%.

As previously reported, our medium-term guidance for overall
capital expenditure is for around £50-£55 million per annum over
the next three years.

We remain confident i
framework.

chieving our medium-term financial

Damien Caby
CEO

Financial Statements

—J

Our strategy

Becoming the

leading force In our
chosen markets

Transform

We will build a scalable, more efficient and
more agile business. We are going beyond
site consolidation, we are leveraging the
Group's scale, stepping up supply chain
effectiveness, and turning around our largest
underperforming sites

> We will deploy Group-led category
management across an indirect spend
cost base of £170 million. We will deliver
significant savings and reinforce the
efficiency and reliability of our supply
chain.

> We will implement structured and
comprehensive multi-year programmes
to turn around large underperforming
sites that represent more than 20%
of Group revenue. We will optimise
production cycles and supply chains
and simplify the asset base and product
portfolio.

> We are investing in digital transformation
to enhance business analytics, make better
informed decisions and act with agility
and confidence. We will streamline and
standardise our back office processes
to focus business teams on delivery
and growth

——=
Who we
are will help
us succeed

Morgan Advanced Materials / Annual Report 2025

<a Drive

We will systematically upgrade our position
in the value chain so that we can grow
profitability irrespective of market cycles
and increase our market share and
addressable market.

> Our Performance Carbon division will
innovate to increase performance and
longevity in Rail and Wind. {t will capitalise
‘on its reputation, technology and trade
control capabilities to expand in defence
systems.

> Our Technical Ceramics division will
increase its capacity to meet the increasing
aircraft deliveries and the ramp-up of the
new generation of engines.

> Our Thermal Products division will
reinforce its outreach in the process
industries to enable the decarbonisation
of Steel and Chemical processes.

ee Maximise

We will make bold choices. We will invest
selectively to expand our leading positions,
partner where we know we cannot win
alone, and exit markets where we cannot
improve our market position or right to win

> Our Performance Carbon division will
pursue opportunities to supply sub-
systems in Energy and Industrials where
the supply chains are fragmented and
the decarbonisation and digitalisation
trends call for innovation. It will assess
partnerships in China for Semiconductor
SiC material growth.

> Our Technical Ceramics division will
leverage its expertise in high-value niches
to expand into new adjacencies, with
priorities in Industrials and Aerospace.

> Our Thermal Products division will
expand its structural partnerships in fire
protection. Itis a very large market and
we are targeting the geographies and
applications where the value proposition
is compelling,

We are a purpose-driven organisation. We are resilient and we thrive when it comes
to solving tough problems, We are curious and innovative and we are committed to
continuous learning. We are collaborative and open minded and we foster a culture of

transparency and humility.

Asa business, we are focused on recruiting, developing and retaining the high calibre
of individuals we need to deliver on the next chapter for Morgan. To learn more about

people policies, see page 63.

07

Our business model

ee eee — - 1

We combine material ...our divisions operate in close proximity with our
science, deep markets and customers to achieve optimal solution
application expertise performance and effective product delivery...

and process excellence
to co-design and
manufacture mission

Value proposition

> Leverages the versatility of carbon, graphite
and silicon carbide materials for mission
critical applications. .

critical solutions...

> We hold leadership positions and have a
large installed base in markets with high
barriers to entry.

Benefit to our customers

Technology leadership Maximised performance, efficiency,

reliability and durability of our customers’

products in Aerospace & Defence, rail,
energy generation, and oil & gas.

> ea deep understanding
y materials
work, and how to change their
properties. This is underpinned
bya rich intellectual property
estate protected through trade
secrets and select patents

Value proposition
> Co-designs bespoke ceramic and braze
alloy assemblies in high performance,

high specification applications.
Customer intimacy > We hold leadership positions and several
opportunities to expand our market share

>vV ied by our customers. ate
in high barrier to entry, attractive markets.

and drive innovation
With our access to customers and

ical experts, we are
able to anticipate their needs

Benefit to our customers

Enhanced durability, reliability and performance
of our customers’ products in Healthcare,
Aerospace & Defence, Semiconductors and

power generation.

Global network

> We have a global manufacturing

Value proposition

> Provides full scale solutions for high-
temperature insulation and fire protection

footprint. allowing us to
ich manufacturing

apacity with demand.

> We set the benchmark in insulation
standards and benefit from a large

Accredited business installed base.

> We work with regulatory authorities ” Benefit to our customers
and customers to become approved
suppliers for high barrier to

entry and high barrier to change
applications. We put quality at the
forefront of everything we do.

Improved safety of people and equipment
in demanding environments, reduced
emissions and energy costs in energy-
intensive processes industries.

...supported by our strategic focus areas...

Transform mull Drive

o

08

Strategic Report Governance Financial Statements .

...to create value

Route to market Our products and solutions

> We sell our solutions directly to OEMs > Semiconductor consumables

and through assembly suppliers. > Collector strips and

. > Revenue is generated through sales into carbon brushes Our customers

new products and {or replacement parts. > Graphite powders .
> Face seals > Our superior product performance

> Sliding bearings and reliability are industry leading

> Rotary seals and in many cases, unsurpassed.

> Rotary vane pump components We are a global supplier that can
meet the toughest challenges in
materials science.

We maintain and embed strategic

—-————-

Route to market Our products and solutions 9090
> We sell our solutions directly to OEMs > Structural ceramic components

and through their suppliers, > Engineered coatings
> Ceramic cores

ee partnerships

Our people

> Revenue is generated through sales into 3
re Ceramic-to-metal assemblies

new products and for replacement parts. 5 mamere > We keep our employees safe,

aiming for zero harm.
> Ceramic tubes and rollers

> Extruded products We operate as a responsible and
> Laser products ethical business.
i > Semiconductor consumables We attract. develop and retain a

. > MACOR™ machinable glass ceramic diverse and engaged workforce

Route to market Our products and solutions

> We sell our solutions through our own > High-temperature insulating and Our investors

global sales force and a network of fire protection fibre products (Low > Appealing growth drivers
trusted distributors 5 biopersistent fibres, Superwool@) and clear strategy.
; Microporous products
> Revenue is generated through sales into (WDS®, Min-K@) > Strong financial framewor!

new build and retrofit projects. > Firebrieks and mortars

> Heat shield cladding @)

Our planet

> We care about our impact on the
~ environment and are reducing
the impact of our own operations

> Our products help reduce the
environmental impact of our
customers’ operations.

Va Maximise

Morgan Advanced Materials / Annual Report 2025 , 09

Market
environment

There are a number of magatrends
thet are shaping the future of our
word and are driving an ever
greeter need for advanced materials,
Our materials and solutions

have an important role to play in
addressing the challenges arising
from dimate change, resource
scarcity, urbanisation and migration,
a growing middie dass, an ageing

C]

Conmiaand erie are very vermis materiel and asa nad
we partideate ha wide mage cand. martes yew will fred oar
Gedtads all around yeu in products and tedistegios thet entitle
dhe mnadiara werkt,

‘The chat tate shes Gre qk of our hreadine? revenue by

achat! mertets chown below comprise nchatee! preasass,

meskoan ereret

Strategic Report Governance

Industrial
Processes

Market trends

Industrial processes are being reshaped by the need for higher
productivity through rapid digitalisation and automation with a
lower impact to the environment.

How we add value

> We co-design and manufacture products for use ina broad
range of challenging process and manufacturing environments
for numerous industrial applications such as insulation for
foundry process and kiln furniture for glass and ceramic
production.

> Our materials offer superior insulating properties.
dimensional stability, strength and stiffness.

> These characteristics support optimised process efficiency
and increases productivity, allowing our customers to
reduce industrial waste, improve safety and lower their
environmental impact

Examples of our solutions

> Superwool* Blok improves kiln lining life and thermal
efficiency.

> Pyro-Bloc® modules for regenerative thermal oxidisers
reduce heat loss and fuel consumption.

> Halsinc kiln furniture enable efficient use of energy and an
optimal ratio between kiln furniture and sinter ware.

Examples of our customers

Financial Statements

Industrial
Components

Market trends

Global manufacturing growth is a primary catalyst for rising
demand in industrial components. As manufacturing output
expands ~ particularly in emerging economies - demand
increases for bearings, gears, motors, valves, pumps and other
precision-engineered components.

How we add value

> We co-design and manufacture products for use in a broad
range of challenging environments. Our materials offer a wide
range of performance characteristics.

> Our components are highly resistant to chemical and physical
wear, corrosion and extreme temperatures.

Examples of our solutions

> Self-lubricating seals and bearings and ceramic shafts reduce
energy consumption of pumps in chemical plants.

> FireMaster® insulation for automotive exhaust catalyst,
manages high temperatures, protects surrounding
components and improves the efficiency of the emission
control system.

> Laser Reflectors generate diffuse reflectance, which provides
a highly uniform beam profile for use in industrial lasers for
cutting, welding and marking.

Examples of our customers

> EPCs and specialist technology distributors

Morgan Advanced Materials / Annual Report 2025

> Automotive suppliers, industrial equipment manufacturers

Market environment continued

Metals

Market trends

The demand for Iron & Steel remains strong, fuelled by
industrialisation, population growth and urbanisation. Steel
producers seek new solutions to tackle environmental concerns,
rising energy costs and to increase operational efficiency.

How we add value

> We support the design phase, including material selection, in
order to reduce energy. improve furnace performance and
ensure that any molten metal transfer vessel mett holds. Our
global network of subject matter experts are ready to support
the commitment from the metals industry. to reduce emissions
in their plants.

Examples of our solutions
> Superwool® XTRA for severe atmospheric conditions

> Pyro-Bloc® modules provide the furnace design with a
superior lining.

> K™, JM™, TIM™ ranges of insulating fire bricks offer superior
performance to lining designs.

Examples of our customers

Aerospace
& Defence

Market trends

Demand in air travel is increasing in line with economic growth,
driven by both business and leisure customers across the globe.
There is a growing need for engines to run more efficiently and
at greater extremes in temperature.

Rising geopolitical tensions have resulted in a global increase in
defence spending. There is a growing need for materials that can
withstand greater strains, pressures and temperatures.

How we add value

> We make proven high-performance components and
sub-assemblies to exacting standards for aerospace

> We co-design and supply precision-engineered materials
that offer superior dimensional stability, strength, stiffness
and chemical resistance across a wide range of temperatures
to meet the technical demands of the global security and
defence markets.

Examples of our solutions

> Complex cores for casting turbine blades to enable more fuel
efficient jet engines.

> Components for night vision systems which enable superior
performance.

> Ceramic tiles to build high-performance body and vehicle
armour.

Examples of our customers

> Steel mills, Iron & Steel manufacturers, Foundries, aluminum
manufacturers

12

> Aerospace OEMs, sub-system suppliers and Defence
contractors