In accordance with
Section 392 of the AAO 1 es
Companies Act 2006.

Change of accounting reference date Companies House

You can use the WebFiling service to file this form online.
Please go to www.companieshouse.gov.uk

“ ernie , ene ll | il \M
You may use this form You cannot use this form tc
to change the accounting reference - change a period for whict

date relating to either the current, or accounts are already ove
the immediately previous, - extend a period beyond 1 022020 #344
accounting period. months unless the compi COMPANIES HOUSE

administration.

i | Company details
Company number fofof2|[slel7l7 3 Filling in this form

pany | | fefel7| | Please complete in typescript or in
Company name in full |MORGAN ADVANCED MATERIALS PLC. bold black capitals.

All fields are mandatory unless
specified or indicated by *

2 | Date of accounting reference period

Please enter the end date of the current, or the immediately previous, Opate of period you wish to
accounting period, @ change
9 P The current period means the
‘ r a, [é om, [m, Yn Vn l¥m |, present accounting period which
Accounting period [’o [1 [0 [" — fP2 fro ['2 fo has not yet come to an end,
ending on

The immediately previous period
means the period immediately
- preceding your present accounting

period.
3 | New accounting reference date @
Has the accounting reference period been shortened or extended? @ New accounting reference date

If you wish to move the end of your
current, or immediately previous,
reference period to an earlier date,
please insert the required date in the

» Shortened. Please complete ‘Date shortened so as to end on’.
> Extended. Please complete ‘Date extended so as to end on’.

Please enter the date the accounting reference period has been shortened to. box marked ‘Shortened’.
Date Shortened so as |°3 |°4 ™4 ("2 2 0 "4 [9 If you wish to move the end of your
to end on current, or immediately previous,
7 reference period to a later date,
or | Please enter the date the accounting reference period has been extended to. please insert the required date in the
box marked ‘Extended’.
Date Extended soas |* |* = je P yop [’
to end on You cannot change a period for

which the accounts are overdue.

You cannot extend a period beyond
18 months unless the company is in
administration.

CHFPOOO
05/10 Version 4.0

AAO1

Change of accounting reference date

4 | Extending more than once in five years

Have you extended the accounting reference period more than once in
five years?

> Yes. Please complete the section below.

+ No. Please go to Section 5.

Extending more than
once in five years

You may not extend periods more than once in five years unless you fall into
one of the following categories. Please tick only one box,

The company is in administration.

You have specific approval from the Secretary of State (please enclose
a copy).

You are extending the company's accounting reference period to align
with that of a parent or subsidiary undertaking established in the
European Economic Area.

You are submitting the form on behalf of an overseas company.

@ Extending more than once in five
years
You only need to complete this
section if you have extended your
accounting reference period more
than once in five years.

5. | Signature

| am signing this form on behalf of the company,

Signature

Signature

x

Nuke

Xx

@ Societas Europaea
If the form is being filed on behalf
of a Societas Europaea (SE), please
delete ‘director’ and insert details
of which organ of the SE the person
signing has membership.

‘© Person authorised

This form may be signed by: Under either section 270 or 274 of
Dicoetor ©, Secretary, Rersen-authorised ©, Rermancntreprasentativeon— the Companies Act 2006.
wri inns eAdministrat wer Recei
dudiciatecter.
CHFPOOO

05/10 Version 4.0

AAO]

Change of accounting reference date

| Presenter information

rt | Important information

You do not have to give any contact information, but if
you do it will help Companies House if there is a query
on the form. The contact information you give will be
visible to searchers of the public record.

Conactrame Ms S, Mackie

compe9Y"2"° Morgan Advanced Materials

‘Address

Quadrant, 55-57 High Street

Post town

Windsor
Counnihe9o" Berkshire
mh isie lef [ec lr |

co” United Kingdom
m

Telephone

01753 837000

| Checklist

We may return forms completed incorrectly or
with information missing.

Please make sure you have remembered the

following:

© The company name and number match the
information held on the public Register.

OD You have completed section 2.

© You have entered the new accounting reference
date in section 3.

© You have completed section 4 (if appropriate).

O You have signed the form.

© You have checked your filing deadline through
WebCHeck at www.companieshouse.gov.uk

Please note that all information on this form will
appear on the public record.

| Where to send

You may return this form to any Companies House
address, however for expediency we advise you to
return it to the appropriate address below:

For companies registered in England and Wales:
The Registrar of Companies, Companies House,
Crown Way, Cardiff, Wales, CF14 3UZ.

DX 33050 Cardiff.

For companies registered in Scotland:

The Registrar of Companies, Companies House,
Fourth floor, Edinburgh Quay 2,

139 Fountainbridge, Edinburgh, Scotland, EH3 9FF.
DX £D235 Edinburgh 1

or LP - 4 Edinburgh 2 (Legal Post).

For companies registered in

Northern Ireland:

The Registrar of Companies, Companies House,
Second Floor, The Linenhall, 32-38 Linenhall Street,
Belfast, Northern Ireland, BT2 8BG.

DX 481 NLR. Belfast 1.

i | Further information

For further information, please see the guidance notes
on the website at www.companieshouse.gov.uk
or email enquiries@companieshouse.gov.uk

This form is available in an
alternative format. Please visit the
forms page on the website at
www.companieshouse.gov.uk

This form has been provided free of charge by Companies House.

CHFPOOO
05/10 Version 4.0