4

Annual Report 20234 MMorgan

Advanced Materials

Resilient, Sustainable, Innovative

uni J

‘ev0s/2024 #36 =!
COMPANIES HOUSE

SATURDAY

Morgan Advanced Materials plc
Annual Report 2023

Morgan Advanced Materials is
a purpose driven organisation,
with a long history of innovation.

Founded in the UK in 1856, we have deep
expertise in ceramics and carbon materials

and we exploit our knowledge and experience
to solve difficult problems for our customers.
Our model means we serve customers where
they need us, across a diverse range of markets,
and this has seen us grow to become a global
organisation with around 70 manufacturing

sites in 20 countries.

Our focus is on helping customers push the
limits of their processes and products to meet
demanding requirements, from higher process
temperatures and higher product performance,
to increasing miniaturisation.

Sustainable Our purpose is to use advanced materials
‘ to make the world more sustainable and to
solutions improve the quality of life. We deliver on

for a greener that purpose through the products that we
future make, and the way that we make them.

We play a role in helping the world become
more sustainable. Our products help our
customers to be more efficient — to use less
energy in their manufacturing process or

in their product, and to generate less CO,

Our approach to sustainability is embedded
within our strategy. We see this as
fundamental to our future growth and
resilience, and to delivering exceptional
value to our stakeholders, while building

a company that our people can be proud of.

@© Read more on pages 34 to 53
Se |

Morgan Advanced Materials ple Ol
Annual Report 2023

EE EEEEEEEEEEESEE ED

Contents
STRATEGIC REPORT
Overview Inside Front Cover Listening to employees 86
Morgan in numbers 02 Assessing Board performance 88
Business overview - what we do 06 UK Corporate Governance Code 2018
Investment case 08 compliance statement 89
Chair's statement 10 Report of the Audit Committee 93
Business model 12 Report of the Nomination Committee 100
Market environment and industry trends 14 Remuneration report 104
Our strategy 18 Other disclosures 131
CEO review 20 _ Independent auditor's report to the members
Strategy in action 23 of Morgan Advanced Materials ple 135
Stakeholders 26
Section 172(1) statement 30 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Non-financial and sustainability information statement 33 Consolidated income statement 144
responsible business incorporating TCFD 34 Consolidated statement of
Risk management 4 comprehensive income 145
Review of operations - G2. Consolidated balance sheet 146
Group financial review 64 Consolidated statement of changes in equity 147
Directors’ statements 70 Consolidated statement of cash flows 148
Definitions and reconciliations of Notes to the consolidated “9
non-GAAP measures to GAAP measures 2

‘Company balance sheet 198
GOVERNANCE Company statement of changes in equity 199
Chair's letter to shareholders 77 Notes to the Company financial statements 200
Board of Directors 7 Group statistical information 217
Governance at a glance ; go Cautionary statement 218
Strategic oversight by the Board 82 Glossary of terms 218
Focusing on culture a4 Shareholder information 219
Our strategy in action
Making a big Delighting Innovating
positive difference the customer to grow

O See page 23 © See page 24 © See page 2s

0 2 Morgan Advanced Materials plc
Annual Report 2023

Morgan in numbers »

We assess our
performance
across a wide
range of metrics.

To support the
Group's strategy
and to monitor
performance, the
Board of Directors
and the Executive
Committee use a
number of financial
key performance
indicators (KPIs).

Financial KPls
(statutory and adjusted performance KPIs)

Revenue (£m) Organic constant currency

revenue growth’ (%)

Performance Performance
‘Ona reported basis, revenue increased by ‘On an organic constant currency’ basis revenue
22.6 milion, 0.2%. Growth is lower than prior grew by 2.5%. Growthis lower than prior year
Year butreflects strong recovery in the secondhalf _but reflects strong recovery in the second half

of the year folowing the cyber security incident ‘of the year following the cyber security incident
experienced in January 2023. See the Review of experienced in January 2023. See the Review of
‘operations on pages 62 and 63 for more detail ‘operations on pages 62 and 63 for more detail.
Adjusted operating Free cash flow before acquisitions,

profit margin’ (%) disposals and dividends’ (£m)
Performance

Adjusted operating profit margin has
decreased following the cyber security
incident in January 2023, with strong recovery
in the second half of the year. Pricing and
efficiency savings continue to more than

offset inflation. See the Review of operations
‘on pages 62 and 63 for more detail.

Performance
We continue to invest in capital expenditure
to support future growth, Increase in 2023
reflects improvement in working capital

* Throughout the Annual Report, incuding the Strategic Report, adjusted measures are used to describe the Group's
Sinancal performance. These adjusted measures are not recognised under IFRS or ther generaly accepted accounting
principles (GAAP). These measures are shown because the Directors consider they provide useful information to
shareholders including additional insight into ongoing trading and year-on-year comparisons. These nom GAAP
measures should be viewed as complementary to, not replacements for, the comparable GAAP measures,

Throughout this Report these non-GAAP measures are clearly identified by an asterisk () where they appear in
text, and by a footnote where they appear in tables and charts. Definitions and reconcfations of these non. GAAP
‘measures tothe relevant GAAP measures can be found in the Group financial review on pages 72 to 75,

Morgan Advanced Materials ple
Annual Report 2023

Our financial KPIs are a balanced set of metrics which help the Board and the
Executive Committee assess performance and progress against our execution
priorities and business plans. These and other KPls are used to evaluate
operating performance and make financial, strategic and operating decisions.

03

Operating profit (6m)

Performance

Operating profit has decreased following the
cyber security incident in january 2023, with
strong recovery in the second haif of the year.
Pricing and efficiency savings continue to more
than offset inflation, See the Review of operations
on pages 62 and 63 for more detail.

Continuing EPS (p)

Performance
Reduction driven by the impact of the cyber
security incident in January 2023, with strong
recovery in the second half of the year.

Dividend per share (p)

Performance

For the year ended 31 December 2023,
the Board is recommending a dividend
of 12.0 pence, in line with last year.

Return on invested capital’ (%)

Performance

Return on invested capital for the year ended
31 December 2023 remains within our
financial framework (see page 22).

‘The ROIC calculation has been simplified so that it can
be calculated from published information. Prior period
‘comparatives have been restated to follow the same
‘methodology. Please see page 75 for further information,

Adjusted EPS* (p)

Performance

Reduction driven by the impact of the cyber
security incident in January 2023, with strong
recovery in the second half of the year.

Net debt’ to EBITDA’
(excluding lease liabilities) ()

Performance

Net debt’ to EBITDA’ (excluding lease
liabilities) was 1.2 times following increased
investment in capital expenditure and
working capital, and costs associated

with the cyber security incident.

Morgan Advanced Materials ple
Annual Report 2023

04

Morgan in numbers continued

At Morgan Advanced Materials we are committed to a sustainable future. In March 2021,
we set stretching goals across a number of environmental, social and governance areas.

Key environmental, social and governance (ESG) KPls

CO, scope | and 2 emissions (metric tonnes)

Alignment to strategy
OB:

Why do we measure this KPI?
‘Our sustainability agenda includes actions to reduce greenhouse
85 (GHG) emissions and combat climate change. In March 2021,
‘we announced a commitment to reduce absolute GHG emissions
(scope | and 2) by 50% (against 2015 levels) by 2030. See page 37
for more information

Total water withdrawal (million m?)

Alignment to strategy
M23

Why do we measure this KPI?

By 2030, we will reduce our total withdrawal of water by
30% (against our 2015 baseline), and we are implementing
water sustainability projects globally to achieve this goal.
See page 38 for more information

Lost-time accident (LTA) rate’

Alignment to strategy

Why do we measure this KPI?
‘We are working towards our aspiration of "zero harm’ to all our
employees. We are committed to conducting all our activities
in a manner that builds a caring safety culture and develops

@ world-class safety system that supports this effort.

See pages 39 and 40 for more information.

* Alost-time accident (LTA) is defined as an accident or work-related illness which
results in one or more days of los time. Calculated as total number of lost-time
accidents in the year, multiplied by 100,000 hours worked, divided by total number
‘of hours worked.

Employee engagement rate

Alignment to strategy
M23

Why do we measure this KPI?
‘We measure the engagement of our people through an employee
engagement survey called "Your Voice’. As a result of the survey

‘we build tailored engagement plans to address key issues across our
sites, businesses and the Group. See page 39 for more information,

* New yearly survey introduced,

‘** This was a pulse survey including employees with a Morgan Advanced Materials
‘email address only. On a like-for-like basis, engagement went down by ~19%
full survey wil take place in 2024,

Water withdrawal in water stressed areas”
(% reduction from 2015 baseline)
Alignment to strategy

O23

Why do we measure this KPI?
We recognise that in some instances our water demands are in areas.
of increasing water stress. Approximately 30% of our manufacturing

operations are in these water stress areas.

‘Our goal is to deliver a 30% reduction by 2030. By improving our
water use in these areas, we will positively impact the local communities
in which we operate. See page 38 for more information.

© Water stressed areas indude Spain, italy, Turkey, Mexico. India, United Arab Emirates,
‘Argentina, Australia and the state of California, USA. Using the most recent WRI data,
2023 and prior years have been restated to include China. See page 38 for details.

Female representation in leadership”

Alignment to strategy
M2;

Why do we measure this KPI?
A greater gender diversity is good for Morgan Advanced Materials.
and good for employees. We are continuing to take action to
achieve a more balanced proportion of women in senior positions.
See page 39 for more information.

+ Includes Executive w/o CEO/CFO plus 2nd to 4th ter.

Morgan Advanced Materials plc 05
Annual Report 2023

Alignment to strategy

To deliver our strategy and to achieve
our ESG goals we align our efforts to
our three execution priorities.

I Big positive difference
Ef Delight the customer

Innovate to grow

@© Read more on pages 23 10 25

Dede oenag |

OG | Moreen Advanced Materats ple
Annual Report 2023

Business overview
— what we do

We are a global manufacturer of advanced carbon
and ceramic materials for complex and technologically
demanding applications. Working across many
industries, you will find our products all around you.

Our applications range from ceramic cores for casting aero engine
turbine blades to silicon carbide focus rings for semiconductor etch,
and from carbon brushes in onshore wind turbines to thermal
insulation solutions for hydrogen reformers.

In each of these applications, in each of these markets, we bring our deep
materials and engineering expertise to bear. We act as a design partner for
our customers, translating their needs into product solutions, distinguishing
‘ourselves through the application engineering that we provide

We help our customers push the limits of their processes and products

to meet the demanding requirements they face: from higher process
temperatures, to higher product performance and increasing
miniaturisation. And we do all of this while helping our customers

to reduce their energy consumption, emissions and operating costs;
helping them to improve the sustainability of their products and processes.

Innovation is at the heart of our business

Whether we are innovating in our faster growing market segments,

or supporting the changing requirements through our energy saving
solutions for more traditional industries, our materials innovations
enable rapid change. Our deep expertise in carbon and ceramics is
maintained and strengthened through our ongoing process of research
and development. Each business has a clear strategy and a technology
roadmap, and we invest in application testing to inform our technology
and product development, resulting in many bespoke solutions,

Our strategy focuses on three core capabilities

pas4 Materials science

Bo Application engineering

& Customer focus

Morgan Advanced Materials ple 07

Annual Report 2023,

The Group operates as five distinct global business units

Business unit

Products include

Thermal Ceramics

The Thermal Ceramics business makes advanced temperature insulation for
high-temperature processes and fire protection. Our solutions help customers,
especially those operating energy-intensive processes, to reduce energy
consumption, emissions and operating costs. Our products and systems are
used in high-temperature industrial processing of metals, petrochemicals,
cement, ceramics and glass, and by manufacturers of equipment for aerospace,
automotive, marine and domestic applications.

> High-temperature insulating fibre
products (Low biopersistent fibres,
Superwool® family, RCF, Polycrystalline)

> Microporous products (WDS®, Min-K®)

> Firebricks and mortars

> Heat shields

Molten Metal Systems

Molten Metal Systems provides crucibles for foundries, die-casters and melting
facilities working with customers in non-ferrous castings, metal powder production,
refining and recycling of precious metals, and the production of pure aluminium for
electronics applications. Extensive applications experience and process knowledge
help us to put together the optimal system for a customer's needs.

> Crucibles (Morganite® and Noltina®)
> Foundry products
> Furnace Industries furnace range

quodas aiBares |

Electrical Carbon’

The Electrical Carbon business provides speciality graphite components, engineers
high-performance graphite materials, components and sub-assemblies to address
customer-specific technical challenges. Working in selected segments of the
semiconductor, energy, healthcare, industrial, petrochemicals, security and transport
markets, we apply our materials science expertise and engineer elegant and reliable
solutions to individual customer problems.

> Semiconductor consumables
> Collector strips and carbon brushes
> Graphite powders

Seals and Bearings”

The Seals and Bearings business makes high-performance self-lubricating bearing
and seal components, predominantly used in pumps (industrial and domestic)

‘or other sealing applications. We use advanced carbon & graphite, silicon carbide,
alumina and zirconia materials to engineer lightweight, low-friction bearings and
seals. These materials help solve the problems associated with the use of lubricants
in extreme temperatures, corrosive or hygienic environments where access is
restricted, and are engineered into products which provide customer-specific
solutions, The main markets served are specialist applications in the oil and gas,
automotive, industrial, water pump, aerospace and home appliance sectors.

> Face seals

> Sliding bearings

> Shafts

> Rotary vane pump components

Technical Ceramics

Our Technical Ceramics business employs advanced materials science and
applications expertise to produce parts that enhance reliability or improve the
performance of customers’ products. Products are designed to be used in
demanding, harsh or critical environments, where we work with selected segments
of the electronics, energy, healthcare, industrial, petrochemicals, security and
transport markets, typically in close collaborative customer relationships.

In 2024 we will streamline our management structures and manage the Company through three distinct
segments: Thermal Products, Performance Carbon and Technical Ceramics. See further details on page 31

> Components from our specialist
alumina formulations

> Ceramic cores

> Extruded products

> Laser products

> MACOR™machinable glass ceramic
> Semiconductor products

QQ | Merzan Advanced materials pe
Annual Report 2023

Investment case

|. We are well positioned
in large and fast-growing
markets driven by

global mega trends

The demand for renewable energy is growing rapidly as the
world seeks to decarbonise. Ongoing urbanisation drives
the need for clean energy and transportation solutions.

Our growing and ageing population places more and
more complex demands on healthcare. Digitisation brings
huge benefits in efficiency and increases in capability,

and with that we see ever increasing demand for more
and faster processing,

This all translates into a robust growth outlook for our
business. Revenues from our faster growing segments,
semiconductors, healthcare, clean energy and clean
transportation, are expected to grow between 7% and
12% per year (through the cycle). Revenue from our
core business is expected to grow 2% to 4% per year.

+2.5%

2023 ORGANIC CONSTANT-CURRENCY
REVENUE GROWTH

+10.4%

2023 CONSTANT-CURRENCY GROWTH IN
OUR FASTER GROWING MARKETS,

2. We have leading
differentiated positions,
and this all starts

with our strategy

Our development of strategic capabilities supports
the positions we have in each of our markets.

We have deep expertise in carbon and ceramic
materials, We spend around £30 million in research
and development each year to maintain and strengthen
our technical leadership.

We have 440 scientists and engineers across the
Group, representing 17% of our white-collar workforce.
They work in four Centres of Excellence, and within

the businesses, sustaining our current materials

Portfolio, and developing new materials and products.
Each business unit has a clear strategy and has technology
roadmaps that flow from this to inform the prioritisation
of development resources.

‘Our application engineers are the bridge between our
materials expertise and the'specifics of our customers’
markets and applications. Our application engineers
work with customers every day to take their technical
challenge and marry it up to a material, and then

a manufacturing process

‘Through the execution of our strategy, we are
strengthening our market positions and steadily
building closer relationships with our customers.

£32.9m

RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT SPEND

Morgan Advanced Materials ple 09
Annual Report 2023

Our purpose, our strategy and our people differentiate us at Morgan
Advanced Materials, altogether driving superior value for our stakeholders.
We are experts in materials science with a track record of delivering for
our customers, drawing on more than 160 years of innovation.

3. We play a crucial
role in helping

the world become
more sustainable

We do this through the products we make, and the way
that we make them.

Our products help our customers to be more efficient —
to use less energy in their manufacturing process or in
their product, and to generate less CO,.

We are also working hard to decarbonise our own
operations — to produce our products more efficiently
and to reduce our own CO, emissions and manage
our water usage more sustainably.

We have a solid plan for the coming years and are

making excellent progress so far. At this point our absolute
scope | and scope 2 CO, emissions are around 54%
down on our 2015 starting point. whilst our water usage
is 26% down on our 2015 starting point.

-54%

REDUCTION IN
SCOPE I & 2 CO, EMISSIONS

4. We are resilient,
delivering attractive
through-cycle returns

This resilience comes from the robustness of our
strategy and market positions, and from the diversity
in our portfolio.

We operate in a diverse set of markets. Some are global,
some are regional, but across these markets we have
early and later cycle, and counter cyclical exposures.

We have a widely spread customer base, Our largest
customer accounts for only 1.7% of our revenues. Our
top 10 equate to around 10.4% of revenues, meaning

a loss of one customer has limited impact on the Group.

We largely make products where we sell them, with a
localised supply chain, and this gives us resilience against
local shocks. You can see this resilience in our financial
performance over the last seven years. Despite the impact
of the cyber security incident in January 2023 impacting
the full year results, our operating margins in the second
half of 2023 returned to 12.5%.

+1.4%

ADJUSTED EPS
CAGR 2016-2023

odes aifovens

| (0) Morgan Advanced Materials plc
Annual Report 2023

Chair’s statement

“Since joining the business

in February 2023, | have spent
time meeting my new colleagues
and major shareholders to
build a full understanding of
the challenges we face as well
as the many opportunities
we have to grow.”

lan Marchant
NON-EXECUTIVE CHAIR

All our colleagues across the
organisation have shown
tremendous dedication, rising to
the challenge of supporting our
customers and one another
since the cyber security incident
which occurred in January 2023.
1 am proud of their resilience
and continued commitment and
| want to thank them for their
outstanding efforts.

The Group has emerged from the cyber
security incident in good shape and we are
well placed as we enter 2024. We have a
clear strategy for growth and are investing
in the business to deliver this growth.

We are starting to see the benefits of
the capital investment programme which
will grow capacity in our faster growing
markets as well as our core markets and
the increased investment in our IT estate,
accelerating our modernisation plans and
improving our resilience

As we prepare for the future, | am confident
in our prospects and that our team will
continue to help deliver on our purpose —
to use advanced materials to make the
world more sustainable and to improve

the quality of life,

Looking back at 2023

Our first imperative is the safety and
wellbeing of our colleagues and | am
pleased to report that during 2023
‘our safety performance improved,
reflecting the significant focus on
employee safety and wellbeing.

The lost time accident (LTA) rate, the
headline measure for health and safety, was
0.19 (2022: 0.28). Supporting the executive
team, your Board has spent a significant
amount of time discussing how safety
performance and culture can be improved.
My fellow non-Executive Directors and

| will continue to support the executive
team to achieve a position of ‘zero harm’.

While it has been a challenging year,

with the continuing supply chain issues,
inflation on input costs and challenges in
labour supply, we have seen the benefits
of our positioning in attractive, high-growth
markets, our leading, differentiated

market positions and our diverse,
geographic footprint.