BETA Close X Laurent Cohen-Scali, President of Thermal Products at Morgan Advanced Materials plc, has notified the company of a transaction involving ordinary shares. On March 26, 2026, 56,185 shares vested under the Morgan Advanced Materials Share Plan 2022. To cover tax withholding obligations, 29,974 shares were sold at a price of GBP 1.972 per share, leaving 26,211 shares retained. This transaction occurred on the London Stock Exchange. Disclaimer* Morgan Advanced Materials PLC 26 March 2026 26 March 2026 Morgan Advanced Materials plc (the "Company") Notification of transactions of Directors/Persons Discharging Managerial Responsibilities (PDMRs). 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / persons closely associated a) Name Laurent Cohen-Scali 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/status PDMR - President, Thermal Products b) Initial notification/Amendment Initial notification 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name Morgan Advanced Materials plc b) LEI I4K14LL95N2PHDL7EG85 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted. a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Identification code Ordinary Shares of 25p each GB0006027295 b) Nature of the transaction Vesting of 56,185 shares granted on 5 September 2025 under the Morgan Advanced Materials Share Plan 2022 and sale of sufficient shares in order to satisfy tax required to be withheld on release. c) Price(s) and volume(s) No. of shares acquired No. of shares sold Sale price per share No. of shares retained 56,185 29,974 GBP 1.972 26,211 d) Aggregated information - Aggregated volume - Price N/A e) Date of the transaction 2026-03-26 f) Place of the transaction London Stock Exchange (XLON) This notice is given in fulfilment of the obligation under Article 19 of the Market Abuse Regulation. For further enquiries, please contact: Win Chime Morgan Advanced Materials plc Company.secretariat@morganplc.com This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Morgan Advanced Materials (MGAM) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 26 minutes ago Tharisa (DI) 1 hour ago PayPoint 1 hour ago Tritax Big Box Reit 1 hour ago Rockfire Resources 1 hour ago Sirius Real Estate Ltd. All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and