UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 FORM 8-K CURRENT REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported) June 10, 2026 KIMCO REALTY CORPORATION KIMCO REALTY OP, LLC (Exact Name of registrant as specified in its charter) Maryland (Kimco Realty Corporation) 1-10899 13-2744380 Delaware (Kimco Realty OP, LLC) 333-269102-01 92-1489725 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation) (Commission File Number) (IRS Employer Identification No.) 500 N. Broadway Suite 201 Jericho , NY 11753 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) Registrant’s telephone number, including area code: ( 516 ) 869-9000 Not Applicable (Former Name or Former Address, if Changed Since Last Report) Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions: ☐ Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) ☐ Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) ☐ communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) ☐ communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c)) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Kimco Realty Corporation Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered Common Stock, par value $.01 per share. KIM New York Stock Exchange Depositary Shares, each representing of a share of 5.125% Class L Cumulative Redeemable, Preferred Stock, $1.00 par value per share. KIMprL New York Stock Exchange Depositary Shares, each representing of a share of 5.250% Class M Cumulative Redeemable, Preferred Stock, $1.00 par value per share. KIMprM New York Stock Exchange Depositary Shares, each representing of a share of 7.250% Class N Cumulative Convertible, Preferred Stock, $1.00 par value per share. KIMprN New York Stock Exchange Kimco Realty OP, LLC Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered None N/A N/A Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (§230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§240.12b-2 of this chapter). Emerging growth company Kimco Realty Corporation Yes ☐ No ☒ Kimco Realty OP, LLC Yes ☐ No ☒ If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Kimco Realty Corporation ☐ Kimco Realty OP, LLC ☐ Item 8.01 Other Events. On June 10, 2026, Kimco Realty Corporation (the “ Company ”) issued a press release relating to a proposed private offering of Exchangeable Senior Notes due 2031 of its operating subsidiary, Kimco Realty OP, LLC, to persons reasonably believed to be qualified institutional buyers pursuant to Rule 144A under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. A copy of the press release is attached as Exhibit 99.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated by reference into this Item 8.01. On June 11, 2026, the Company issued a press release relating to the pricing of a private offering of 3.50% Exchangeable Senior Notes due 2031 (the “ Notes ”) of its operating subsidiary, Kimco Realty OP, LLC, to persons reasonably believed to be qualified institutional buyers pursuant to Rule 144A under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. A copy of the press release is attached as Exhibit 99.2 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated by reference into this Item 8.01. Neither this Current Report on Form 8-K nor either press release constitutes an offer to sell, or the solicitation of an offer to buy, the Notes or the shares of the Company’s common stock, if any, issuable upon exchange of the Notes. Statements The statements above reflect Kimco’s and management’s intentions, beliefs, expectations or projections of the future and are statements. It is important to note that Kimco’s actual results could differ materially from those projected in such statements. Factors which may cause actual results to differ materially from current expectations include, but are not limited to: (i) financial disruption, changes in trade policies and tariffs, geopolitical challenges or economic downturn, including general adverse economic and local real estate conditions, (ii) the impact of competition, including the availability of acquisition or development opportunities and the costs associated with purchasing and maintaining assets, (iii) the inability of major tenants to continue paying their rent obligations due to bankruptcy, insolvency or a general downturn in their business, (iv) the reduction in the Company’s income in the event of multiple lease terminations by tenants or a failure of multiple tenants to occupy their premises in a shopping center, (v) the potential impact of e-commerce and other changes in consumer buying practices, and changing trends in the retail industry and perceptions by retailers or shoppers, including safety and convenience, (vi) the availability of suitable acquisition, disposition, development, redevelopment and merger opportunities, and the costs associated with purchasing and maintaining assets and risks related to acquisitions not performing in accordance with our expectations, (vii) the Company’s ability to raise capital by selling its assets, (viii) disruptions and increases in operating costs due to inflation and supply chain disruptions, (ix) risks associated with the development of commercial properties, including risks associated with the development, and ownership of real estate, (x) changes in governmental laws and regulations, including, but not limited to, changes in data privacy, environmental (including climate change), safety and health laws, and management’s ability to estimate the impact of such changes, (xi) valuation and risks related to the Company’s joint venture and preferred equity investments and other investments, (xii) collectability of mortgage and other financing receivables, (xiii) impairment charges, (xiv) criminal cybersecurity attack disruptions, data loss or other security incidents and breaches, (xv) risks related to artificial intelligence, (xvi) impact of natural disasters and weather and events, (xvii) pandemics or other health crises, (xviii) our ability to attract, retain and motivate key personnel, (xix) financing risks, such as the inability to obtain equity, debt or other sources of financing or refinancing on favorable terms to the Company, (xx) the level and volatility of interest rates and management’s ability to estimate the impact thereof, (xxi) changes in the dividend policy for the Common Stock and the preferred stock and the Company’s ability to pay dividends at current levels, (xxii) unanticipated changes in the Company’s intention or ability to prepay certain debt prior to maturity and/or maintain certain debt outstanding until maturity, (xxiii) the Company’s ability to continue to maintain its status as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes and potential risks and uncertainties in connection with its UPREIT structure, and (xxiv) other risks and uncertainties affecting us, including those described from time to time under the caption “Risk Factors” and elsewhere in our SEC filings and reports, including our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2025 and future filings by the Company. Accordingly, there is no assurance that Kimco’s expectations will be realized. Kimco disclaims any intention or obligation to update the statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits. (d) Exhibits Exhibit No. Description 99.1 Press Release, dated June 10, 2026. 99.2 Press Release, dated June 11, 2026. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrants have duly caused this report to be signed on their behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. KIMCO REALTY CORPORATION Date: June 11, 2026 By: /s/ Glenn G. Cohen Name: Glenn G. Cohen Title: Chief Financial Officer KIMCO REALTY OP, LLC By: KIMCO REALTY CORPORATION, Managing Member Date: June 11, 2026 By: /s/ Glenn G. Cohen Name: Glenn G. Cohen Title: Chief Financial Officer [ Signature Page to Pricing 8-K ]