BETA Close X Ofgem has published its final decision on the Data Communications Company (DCC) Price Control for Regulatory Year 2024/25, proposing to disallow £11.245 million in incurred costs. This figure is a reduction from the £30.841 million initially identified as unacceptable during the consultation period, following DCC's provision of additional evidence and stakeholder feedback. Ofgem has accepted one undertaking from DCC in lieu of a disallowance to drive supply chain efficiencies, deeming it to offer greater long-term consumer benefit. Disclaimer* OFGEM 11 March 2026 In November 2025, Ofgem consulted on the proposals for the Data Communications Company (DCC) Price Control submission for the Regulatory Year 24/25 (RY24/25). Today (Wednesday 11 March 2026), Ofgem is publishing its final decision in regard to both consultations. DCC is the central communications body appointed to manage communications and data transfer for smart metering and holds the Smart Meter Communication Licence. Price Control arrangements restrict DCC's revenues to ensure that costs incurred are economic and efficient. Ofgem proposes to disallow incurred costs of £11.245m for Regulatory Year 2024/25. Ofgem's decision is explained in more detail in the following Executive Summary, also attached in PDF format: Executive summary DCC performs a critical role in the energy market, and it is essential that it is funded to deliver high ‑ quality, value ‑ for ‑ money services. It is through the Price Control that Ofgem seeks to strike the right balance between enabling necessary investment to maintain and improve service quality and ensuring that DCC operates economically and efficiently. The assessment of DCC's costs is carried out in accordance with the principles set out in our Price Control Guidance. 2 This Decision Document sets out 3 our final determinations for the DCC Price Control for Regulatory Year 2024/25 (RY24/25). 4 It includes our conclusions on internal and external costs, performance incentives, adjustments to Baseline Margin values, and the External Contract Gain Share mechanism. Our decisions are informed by our initial assessment, the consultation published in November 2025, the responses received from seven stakeholders, and additional evidence provided throughout the process. At the consultation stage, we identified several areas of Unacceptable Costs and proposed a disallowance of £30.841m. Following consultation, stakeholders have provided a range of new information and views, and DCC has provided additional credible evidence demonstrating that some of these costs were incurred economically and efficiently. We have therefore revised our decision on disallowances downwards where appropriate, while maintaining the view that some areas of cost remain unacceptable. In line with the Licence, we have examined whether such costs should be disallowed or addressed through undertakings from DCC. Under LC37.8-37.9, we may accept or reject an undertaking and expect any such proposal to deliver outcomes equivalent to, or better than, a disallowance. We have decided to accept one of the three undertakings, in lieu of a disallowance in order to drive supply chain efficiencies. We are exercising our right under the Licence to accept this undertaking, and we have determined that doing so will deliver the greatest long ‑ term benefit to consumers. Considering all adjustments together, our final decision for RY24/25 is to disallow £11.245m. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Capita (CPI) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 day ago Savannah Energy 1 day ago Barclays 1 day ago Schroder Income Growth Fund 1 day ago Fuller Smith & Turner 1 day ago Land Securities Group All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and