BETA Close X Costain Group PLC announced that Non-Executive Director Steve Mogford will be appointed as chairman of Intertek Group plc following their AGM on May 20, 2026. Mogford currently chairs Costain's Sustainability Committee and is a member of all Costain Board Committees. This external appointment is in accordance with UK Listing Rule 6.4.6R(3). Disclaimer* Costain Group PLC 14 April 2026 Costain Group PLC ('Costain') LEI: 213800PKIJBZ2EDTKC88 14 April 2026 External Appointment Further to the announcement by Intertek Group plc released on 14 April 2026 and in accordance with UK Listing Rule 6.4.6R(3), Costain announces that Steve Mogford, Non-Executive Director, will be appointed as chairman of Intertek Group plc following their AGM on 20 May 2026. Steve is the Chair of the Costain Sustainability Committe and a member of all Costain Board Committees. Enquiries Investors and analysts matt.jones@costain.com Matthew Jones, Costain +44 (0) 7860 922 341 Company Secretariat costaincosec@costain.com Katie Mullins +44 (0) 7353 006 675 Cyd Trumper +44 (0) 7879 133 084 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Costain Group (COST) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 41 minutes ago Roadside Real Estate 1 hour ago Taseko Mines Limited NPV (DI) 1 hour ago Taseko Mines Limited NPV (DI) 1 hour ago Xeros Technology Group 1 hour ago Plus500 Ltd (DI) All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and