BETA Close X Costain Group PLC reported that trading is in line with expectations, with revenue growth and further adjusted operating profit growth anticipated for FY 26, targeting an industry-leading adjusted operating margin of around 4.0%. The company expects FY 26 revenue and adjusted operating profit to be second-half weighted due to increased activity and contract mobilisations. Costain anticipates a net cash position of approximately £175m for FY 26, despite a share buyback programme and increased dividend payments, and has extended its £100m revolving credit facility and £295m bonding facilities to September 2030. The Group's forward work position remains broadly consistent with £7bn at the end of FY 25, with a strong pipeline of opportunities across its chosen markets, including significant wins with private and regulated customers like United Utilities and National Grid. Disclaimer* Costain Group PLC 14 May 2026 Costain Group PLC 14 May 2026 AGM Trading Update Trading in line with expectations, good progress towards step change in performance in FY 27 Ahead of today's Annual General Meeting ("AGM"), Costain Group PLC ("Costain" or the "Group") announces a trading update for the period 1 January 2026 to date ("the period"). Trading in line with expectations Trading for the period remains in line with the Board's expectations. The Group continues to expect revenue growth and further growth in adjusted operating profit in FY 26, alongside an industry-leading adjusted operating margin of around 4.0% for the full year. The Group is making good progress towards the expected step change in financial performance in FY 27 and beyond. Contract mobilisations and increased activity levels, reflecting an acceleration in customers' investment spending plans, are expected to build during the second half of FY 26. As a result, and as previously indicated, FY 26 revenue and adjusted operating profit is expected to be second half weighted. Costain remains highly cash generative with a strong balance sheet. The Group continues to expect its FY 26 net cash position to be approximately £175m, after the partial unwind of historic working capital benefits, the ongoing £20m share buyback programme and an almost doubling of dividend cash payments. As at 13 May 2026, the Group had purchased a total of 2.1m shares for an aggregate consideration of £4.0m under the share buyback programme. Following the announcement on 28 May 2025 of the refinancing of its bank and bonding facilities, Costain has now exercised its option to extend its £100m revolving credit facility (RCF) and £295m bonding facilities by a further year, to September 2030. The RCF remains undrawn. Strong momentum in the Group's chosen markets The Group's chosen markets continue to demonstrate highly attractive growth opportunities, with recent positive developments including: · United Utilities, a significant and long-standing customer with a contract extending to the end of AMP9, has announced that it will increase its AMP8 capital investment programme by £2.5bn (c.30%) to £11.5bn. · The Department for Transport has announced its Road Investment Strategy 3, the largest single investment in the strategic road network in recent times that provides £27bn of investment over the five years to 2031. This includes a £1bn Structures Fund for local authorities to fix England's bridges, flyovers and tunnels. One important element of the Group's strategy is to expand, diversify and balance its customer base, enhancing the scale and resilience of the business. This has resulted in significant growth in the value of forward work with private and regulated customers in recent years. The value of forward work with central government customers has remained stable. At the end of FY 25, Costain's £7bn forward work position was split as follows: · 51% with private and regulated customers, up from 30% two years ago · 31% with central government customers, down from 64% two years ago · 17% with devolved government customers, up from 6% two years ago During the period, the Group has continued to win a range of work across its chosen markets (see below) and, after allowing for the revenue delivered in the period, retains a forward work position that is broadly consistent with the £7bn FY 25 year end position. The pipeline of bidding opportunities remains strong across all sectors. Private and regulated customer wins: · London Gatwick Airport : two capital projects frameworks and a separate contract to upgrade and expand the North Terminal international departure lounge · Severn Trent Water : contract to upgrade critical sewage treatment infrastructure at Rugby · Thames Water : new AMP8 work has commenced across nine sites · Port of Dover Harbour Board (new Transport customer) : place on six-year utilities infrastructure framework · Manchester Airports Group : five-year strategic advisory consultancy framework, building on the separate biodiversity studies consultancy contract won last year · National Grid (new Energy customer) : contract to upgrade the Landulph substation, part of the 'Great Grid Upgrade' Devolved government customer wins: · Procure Partnerships (new Transport customer) : place on the North West Contractor Framework, delivering infrastructure projects across the north west region Central government customer wins: · National Highways : contract to design and build a new junction on the M5 · Government Commercial Agency : place on the Construction Professional Services 2 consultancy framework The next scheduled trading announcement will be the Group's half year results on 13 August 2026. Enquiries: Investors and analysts matt.jones@costain.com Matt Jones, Costain +44 (0) 7860 922 341 Financial media - Headland costain@headlandconsultancy.com Andy Rivett-Carnac +44 (0) 7968 997 365 Charlie Twigg +44 (0) 7946 494 568 Notes to editors Costain improves people's lives by creating connected, sustainable infrastructure that enables people and the planet to thrive. Through the delivery of predictable, best-in-class solutions across the transport, water, energy and defence markets, we are creating a sustainable future and securing a more prosperous, resilient and decarbonised UK. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Costain Group (COST) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 41 minutes ago Roadside Real Estate 1 hour ago Taseko Mines Limited NPV (DI) 1 hour ago Taseko Mines Limited NPV (DI) 1 hour ago Xeros Technology Group 1 hour ago Plus500 Ltd (DI) All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and