BETA Close X Pennon Group PLC has received Ofwat's Draft Determination regarding its May 2026 Cost Change submissions, which confirms an allowance of £190 million in 2022/2023 prices for additional investment from FY27/28 through the end of AMP 8. The company views this as a positive outcome, reflecting the strength of its proposals and core business cases. Pennon Group will now undertake a detailed review of the draft determination and engage in constructive dialogue with Ofwat before submitting its formal representations by 24 September 2026. Disclaimer* Pennon Group PLC 13 August 2026 13 August 2026 Cost Change Draft Determination Ofwat has this morning published its Draft Determination in respect of the Cost Change submissions made in May 2026. We welcome Ofwat's draft determinations for Pennon Group which confirm that they will allow £190 million 1 of additional investment for FY27/28 through to the end of AMP 8. The draft determinations reflect the core business cases we proposed and the strength of our submissions. We will review the draft determinations in detail and we look forward to a constructive dialogue with Ofwat ahead of responding with our representations by the due date of 24 September 2026. 1 In 2022/2023 prices For further information, please contact: Pennon Group plc James Found Head of Investor Relations +44(0)7970 066 634 Media enquiries Michael Turner FGS Global +44(0)207 251 3801 Harry Worthington This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Pennon Group (PNN) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 day ago Canal+ SA 1 day ago PayPoint 1 day ago Premier Miton Group 1 day ago Braemar 1 day ago Hill and Smith All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and