BETA Close X Costain Group PLC has announced its total voting rights and capital as of April 30, 2026. The company's issued share capital consists of 268,250,892 ordinary shares, each with a nominal value of 1 pence and carrying one vote. Costain Group PLC holds no ordinary shares in treasury. This figure of 268,250,892 shares will serve as the denominator for shareholders calculating their notification requirements under the FCA's Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rules. Disclaimer* Costain Group PLC 01 May 2026 Costain Group PLC (the 'Company') 1 May 2026 Total Voting Rights and Capital In conformity with the Financial Conduct Authority's ("FCA") Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rule 5.6.1(R) the Company notifies the market that: As at 30 April 2026, the Company's issued share capital comprised 268,250,892 ordinary shares of 1 pence each, with each share carrying the right to one vote. The Company does not hold any ordinary shares in treasury. The figure of 268,250,892 shares may be used by shareholders as the denominator for the calculations by which they will determine if they are required to notify their interest in Costain, or a change to their interest in Costain, under the FCA's Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rules. Enquiries Investors and analysts Matt Jones, Costain Matt.Jones@costain.com + 44 (0)7860 922341 Financial media - Headland costain@headlandconsultancy.com Andy Rivett-Carnac +44 (0)7968 997365 Charlie Twigg +44 (0)7946 494568 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Costain Group (COST) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 41 minutes ago Roadside Real Estate 1 hour ago Taseko Mines Limited NPV (DI) 1 hour ago Taseko Mines Limited NPV (DI) 1 hour ago Xeros Technology Group 1 hour ago Plus500 Ltd (DI) All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and