BETA Close X Costain Group PLC has reported its six-monthly return for its Employee Sharesave Plan, indicating no change in the balance of unallotted securities. As of June 30, 2026, the company has 58,293 securities remaining under the scheme, consistent with the balance from the previous return on January 1, 2026. No new securities were issued or allotted during this period, and the block scheme was not increased. Disclaimer* Costain Group PLC 01 July 2026 Costain Group PLC BLOCK LISTING SIX MONTHLY RETURN (Note: Italicised terms have the same meaning as given in the Listing Rules.) 01 July 2026 Name of applicant : Costain Group PLC ("the Company") Name of scheme(s): The Company's Employee Sharesave Plan. Period of return: From: 1 January 2026 To: 30 June 2026 Balance of unallotted securities under scheme(s) from previous return: 58,293 Plus: The amount by which the block scheme(s) has been increased since the date of the last return (if any increase has been applied for): Nil Less: Number of securities issued/allotted under scheme(s) during period (see UKLR20.6.6R): Nil Equals: Balance under scheme(s) not yet issued/allotted at end of period: 58,293 There was no change in the reporting period. Name of contact: Cyd Trumper, Senior Assistant Company Secretary Telephone number of contact: 07876 133084 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Costain Group (COST) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 day ago Canal+ SA 1 day ago PayPoint 1 day ago Premier Miton Group 1 day ago Braemar 1 day ago Hill and Smith All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and