COSTAIN

Creating a
sustainable future

f numa

Company No. 1393773

Costain Group PLC
Annual Report and Accounts 2022

We shape, create and deliver solutions
that transform the performance of the
infrastructure ecosystem.

Contents

Overview

Highlights 1
Our purpose

Chair's statement

iam]

For the latest investor relations
information visit our website /
www.costain.com/investors

Strategic Report

Chief Executive Officer's statement
Our strategy

Market overview

(Our business model

Purpose in action

Operational review

Key performance indicators

(Our stakeholders

Environmental, Social
and Governance (ESG)

‘The Task Force on Climate-related
Financial Disclosures (TCFO)

Ethnicity pay gap statistics
Chief Financial Officer's review
cipal risks and uncertainties
Viability statement

7
10
12
15
16
22
28
30

2

34
35
36
°
43

Governance

Board of Directors

Executive Board

Governance at a glance
Chair's introduction

Board evaluation

‘Our governance structure
S172 statement

Key activities

Board diversity

Purpose, values and culture
Workforce engagement
Attendance and composition
Other Board matters,

‘Audit Committee report
Nomination Committee report
Directors’ remuneration report

Remuneration at a Glance

‘Annual Statement by Chair
of the Remuneration Committee

Directors’ remuneration policy
‘Annual Report on Remuneration

Directors’ report

Directors’ responsibilty statement

Independent auditor's report

46
43
50
52
58
56
58
62
6a
66
68
n
4
1

86
86

39

102
120
126
127

Accounts
Consolidated income Statement
Consolidated Statement

of Comprehensive Income
Consolidated Statement

of Financial Position

Company Statement

of Financial Position
Consolidated Statement

of Changes in Equity

Company Statement
cf Changes in Equity

Consolidated Cash Flow Statement
Company Cash Flow Statement
Notes to the Financiat Statements

Five-Year Financial Summary

Other Information

Financial Calendar and Other
‘Shareholder Information

Contact Us

136

137

138

139

140

181
142
143
14a
194

195
197

Strategic Report Governance Financial Statements 1

Financial highlights

£349 2022 25% 2022 op

2021 £1,135.2m] (€9.5m) 2021 (0.8%) 2021 2ip){ | 2021

Revenue Operating Operating profit Basic profit (loss)
profit margin per share

£1,421.4m £34.9m 2.5% 9.4p

2022 £729 2022 E 2022 26%
2021 £53.1m 202 £30.1m 2021 26% 2021 6p
Free cash ‘Adjusted operating Adjusted operating Adjusted basic

flow! profit? profit margin? earnings per share?

£72.9m £36.3m 2.6% 9.9p

1. Free cash flow is defined as cash from operations, excluding adjusting items and pension deficit contributions, less taxation and capital expenditure,

2 See notes 1 to 4 of the financial statements for adjusted metric details and definitions, and reconciliation to reported metrics.

Non-financial highlights

2021 0.5 LTIR 2021 £200k 2021 42,7221CO,e

Safety Social contribution Environmental impact

0.09 LTIR £391k 36,283tCO,e
Bp

See our KPls / Page 28 and 29

Our ESG performance

Operating responsibly is integral to our strategic priorities
of people, planet and performance, underpinning how we
operate and our expectations of our people, suppliers and
partners. For further information on our ESG performance
please download our ESG report.

Q

Download the ESG report here / www.costain.com/our-culture/
performance-and-reports/

2

Costain Group PLC
Annual Report and Accounts 2022

Our purpose
Improving
people's lives

Our vision
To create connected, sustainable infrastructure enabling people
and the planet to thrive.

How we do that
We shape, create and deliver pioneering solutions that transform
the performance of the infrastructure ecosystem.

Where we operate

Our focus is on four strategic sectors in the UK: Transport, Energy,
Water and Defence and everything that we do is rooted in
delivering solutions and is organised around our customers.

Transportation

Within the Transportation division, we support key customers such as National Highways, HS2 and Network Rail, as well as local and
devolved authorities, and Integrated Transport such as aviation. We report results in three sectors: Road, Rail and Integrated Transport

Road Rail Integrated Transport

Natural Resources

Within the Natural Resources division we work with privately-owned utility, water and sewerage companies, with energy companies, and in
defence, with several public and private sector organisations. We report results in three sectors: Water, Energy and Defence.

Water Energy Defence

See our operational review / Pages 22 to 27

| oniew | Strategic Report Governance Financial Statements 3

Our ambition

Revenue growth with an adjusted operating profit margin run-rate
of 3.5% during the course of 2024, rising to 4.5% during 2025, and
in excess of 5.0% thereafter.

Py

See our strategy / Pages 10 and 11

How we measure success
Our financial and non-financial KPls are on pages 28 and 29.

Q

See our risks / Pages 39 to 43

Our stakeholders

We collaborate more closely than
ever with customers, partners,
communities, wider industry
and shareholders to meet
today's infrastructure demands.

g

See our stakeholder engagement / Pages 58 and 59

4

Costain Group PLC
Annual Report and Accounts 2022

Chair's statement

During 2022, Costain
delivered an improved
financial performance.

| am delighted to be discussing the performance of
Costain with you, my first set of results as chair since

joining the Group in November 2022.

“We are progressing well on

our strategic objectives and
delivering positive benefits
for all our stakeholders in
difficult conditions.”

Kate Rock
Chair

We have a strong leadership team with a clear strategy and
history of delivery in the growing UK infrastructure market
and | look forward to contributing to the next stage of the
Group's development.

During 2022, Costain delivered an improved financial
performance, with the Group's adjusted operating profit’
increasing in the year from £30.1m in 2021 to £36.3m,
while also generating strong free cash flow. This financial
performance has been delivered against the backdrop
of increasing inflation and challenging macroeconomic
conditions, demonstrating the strength of Costain’s
operational and financial management. Our CFO,

Helen Willis, discusses this in our Financial Review on
pages 36 to 38,

Our customers

Costain’s ambition is to be the partner of choice for our
customers, building on its deep construction heritage
to address the changing needs of infrastructure and
bringing together a unique mix of engineering solutions
for increasingly complex problems. Our commitment to
create connected, sustainable infrastructure is core to
all our activities.

Strategic Report

Adjusted operating profit’

£36.3m

2021 £30.1m

There is a necessity to update, connect and integrate
infrastructure ecosystems to meet the needs of the UK's
growing population, the impact of climate change and
the requirement for increased economic, environmental,
and political resilience. We are pleased that the UK
Government set out in its Autumn Statement a series of
measures to boost growth and productivity by investing in
people, infrastructure, and innovation, with investment in
net zero, rail and energy.

To meet these societal changes and the opportunities
it brings, Costain focuses on the four key markets of
Transport, Water, Defence and Energy, and we discuss
our strategic priorities and addressable markets on
pages 12 to 14.

Stakeholder engagement

During 2022, the Group has increased levels of
engagement with our customers, to better enable smooth
project delivery, while adapting rapidly to the twin
challenges of inflation and material supply shortages. We
are also increasingly working closely with Government
and its agencies, helping them to shape their projects

at an early stage of the planning process and maximise
efficiencies during infrastructure delivery.

Costain also plays a growing role in wider society, with the
Board focused on Environmental, Social and Governance
(ESG) matters. ESG is not only important for the Group,
but also for our customers who increasingly value our
approach to responsible business and the expertise,
knowledge and capability we provide.

Delivering our climate change action plan remains our
highest environmental priority, with the Group focused on
reducing operational emissions in line with PAS 2080 and
working with designers to scale up the use of transitional
materials. These initiatives will be essential to Costain
meeting our objective to be net zero carbon by 2035. We
look forward to receiving feedback on our climate change
action plan from the Science Based Target initiative (SBTi).

1. See notes 1 to 4 of the financial statements for adjusted metric details and defi

Governance Financial Statements

Free cash flow?

£72.9m

2021 £53.1m

Our social priority is to support our customers in
maximising the social value generated from infrastructure
investment, creating a lasting legacy within the
communities where we work. This directly aligns with
the Levelling Up agenda and is supportive of stakeholder
procurement policies. Further details of our projects can
be seen on pages 16 to 21

With the continued industry challenges around labour and
material availability, ethics continues to be a significant
governance priority for Costain and we are increasing our
work in this area to further minimise the risk of unethical
labour practices.

Further detail on our ESG policies and practices can be
found on pages 32 to 35 and we publish a separate ESG
report which is available at www.costain.com/our-culture/
performance-and-reports.

Our People

Culture is central to Costain and our values inform
everything we do, with diversity, equality and inclusion
being key areas of focus, critical in developing high
performing teams. In order to develop the Costain culture,
‘our CEO Alex Vaughan and the management team have
been connecting widely with the Costain workforce, such
as on the regular Leadership Impact Days, discussed on
page 58 and 68. We outline the Board's engagement and
outreach activities in more detail on pages 68 to 71.

This year we launched our refreshed values and
behaviours. Our values are what we stand for as an
organisation and, most importantly, how they guide our
activities. These are discussed on pages 66 and 67. I'm
delighted by how quickly I've seen colleagues bringing
our values and behaviours to life.

In 2022, we ran a Best Companies employee engagement
survey and | was pleased to see that we were recognised
as a ‘Very Good Company’ to work for.

tions, and reconciliation to reported metiics.

Costain Group PLC
Annual Report and Accounts 2022

Chair's statement continued

We have also recognised that the cost of living was, and
is, significantly affecting many of our people and have
taken several actions to give as much support as possible,
including one-off payments, an employee discount
scheme and a financial education programme.

Our response to the cost-of-living crisis will be for

the long-term and we are continuously reviewing the
support we can offer.

Capital allocation

During the last two years, the Group has made very

significant progress in its operating cash generation,
demonstrated by our strong year end cash position

and operating cash flow in 2022.

A strong balance sheet is fundamental to our ability to win
business and manage risk. At the same time, the Board
recognises the importance of dividends to shareholders
and remains committed to returning to dividend payments
when appropriate.

The Board regularly reviews the Company's capital and its
potential uses, including whether there is surplus capital
available to distribute to our shareholders.

Looking forward over the next financial year, the Board

has concluded that the priorities, and best returns, for the
Company's capital are to invest in our organic opportunities
and to build further its capital base.

wy

Above: Kate Rock on site at HS2

Board changes

On 6 April 2022, Fiona MacAulay joined the Board as an
independent non-executive director and became a member
of the Company's Audit, Nomination and Remuneration
Committees. Fiona became chair of the Remuneration
Committee at the conclusion of the Annual General Meeting
‘on 5 May 2022, taking over from Jacqueline de Rojas, who
chaired the Remuneration Committee on an interim basis
following the resignation of Alison Wood.

As detailed in our 2021 full year results, Paul Golby
announced that he wished to step down as chair and non-
executive director. The Board wishes to thank Paul for his
considerable contribution to Costain for more than six years.

The Nomination Committee, led by Tony Quinlan as
senior independent director, concluded a search for
Paul's successor in September 2022. | am delighted that
I was appointed to the Board on 1 November 2022 as an
independent non-executive director and chair designate,
and | assumed the role of chair on 1 December 2022

The Board thanks Sharon Harris, who stood down as
Company Secretary, for her contribution to the Group and
we welcomed Nicole Geoghegan to the role on 5 July 2022.

Outlook

It has been three years since the start of the pandemic

and, together with our customers, we have been able to
navigate our way through what has been, on many levels, a
demanding time. The Board would like to thank our people,
our customers and our suppliers for their efforts during 2022
and their long-term commitment to the Group.

We expect that the ongoing improvement in the business will
deliver positive results for the Group in 2023 and beyond, and
we expect to see an increase in adjusted operating profit in
2023 compared to this year, while delivering further free cash
flow and ensuring a robust balance sheet.

Our shift in business mix, together with other measures we
are taking to transform the business internally, means that
we expect to progressively increase our adjusted operating
margin in the coming years. Alex discusses this in more detail
in his statement on the following pages.

While we are mindful of market conditions such as inflation
due to wider economic and geopolitical challenges,

we believe there is a positive long-term outlook for
infrastructure and good growth prospects for the Group.
These market drivers, combined with the strategic progress
made during the year as we develop the Group, gives the
Board confidence in our future and that we will deliver
increasing value to all of our stakeholders.

Kate Rock
Chair

13 March 2023

Overview Strategic Report Governance Financial Statements

Chief Executive Officer's statement

Delivering for
our customers.

lam pleased to report that we have made positive
progress in 2022 across a number of key measures.

“A strong operational
performance, benefitting

from our strategy.”
Alex Vaughan

Chief Executive Officer

In 2022, we:

Delivered a strong financial performance in

difficult conditions:

- An adjusted operating profit of £36.3m, up 20.6%
on last year’.

- Anet cash position of £123.8m at the end of the year,
well ahead of expectations, resulting from a positive
free cash inflow of £72.9m*.

- Anunchanged adjusted operating margin of 2.6%"

= Secured a strong order book and preferred
bidder position.

.

Strengthened our resilience:
~ Benefitting from the embedding of our risk management.
- Strengthened our balance sheet.

- Broadened our Tier 1 customer mix across our
growth markets.

- Secured a contract portfolio that is lower risk.

See notes 1 to 4 ofthe financial statements for adjusted metric details and
definitions, and reconciliation to reported metrics

Net cash balance ia cosh and cash: equivalents in FY22 and is cash and cash
equivalents less interest-bearing borrowings (excluding leases under IFRS 16
and net of unamortised arrangement fees of £0.6m) in FY21..

Costain Group PLC
Annual Report and Accounts 2022

Chief Executive Officer's statement continued

Adjusted revenue’

£1,421.4m
peor

£34.2m

Adjusted profit before tax’

Net cash balance?

£123.8m

[roes TiTeém 702

£26.3m

* Benefitted from our strategic positioning:

— The scale of our future work is now more than three
times annual revenue.

- Continuing to have a positive market outlook
supporting our growth ambitions.

— We have increased our position as a Delivery
Partner consultant.

- We have now built an unrivalled range of expertise.

* Navigated the short-term challenges, and are
positioned for long-term opportunities:

— We have managed inflation
- We are addressing the impacts of Government changes.
— In our markets, national needs are growing

- We are seeing digital transformation being part of
the future.

* Set out a clear roadmap for our strategic
positioning for:

= Increasing margin growth, which | discuss below.
- Demonstrating the progress of our broadening
business mix.

— Positioned for key growth spend areas in devolved
government, rail, energy and water.

I'm very grateful for all the hard work and support that has
been provided by all of our employees and partners, to
both deliver this progress and to navigate the challenging
operating environment. Thank you.

Our strategy

The Group is benefitting from being strategically
positioned in four markets; Transport, Water, Energy and
Defence, where long-term investment continues to be
made, and which provides us with a strategic, diversified
and resilient customer base. We expect a broad
investment, underpinned by legislative-and regulatory
commitments, in infrastructure of around £66bn per year
until the end of the decade across our markets.

Our customer focus, combined with our differentiated
offering, is positioning Costain strongly. We are benefitting
from the long-term investment plans in place, and continue
to see significant opportunities for growth.

We have specifically chosen to work with customers who.
wish to partner with a business such as ours to help them
shape, create and deliver their business plan commitments
and investment programmes, and to navigate the various
challenges facing their businesses. Our expertise and focus
on key blue-chip customers allows us to truly understand
their specific needs and how we can best support them
right across their business portfolio. With our expert
broader service offering, we are servicing more of our
customers’ business investment, and creating greater
competitive advantage by being increasingly relevant to
‘our customers’ changing needs. Our vision is to create
connected, sustainable infrastructure to help people and the
planet thrive and you can read more about our strategy and
markets on pages 10 to 14.

Our order book reflects a prudent view on work secured,

as well as a changing mix of our contracts. At the end of
2022, our order book, where contracts are signed and ready
to proceed was £2.8bn (FY 21: £3.4bn). This reflected the
timing of major contract bids, our customers’ investment
programmes, maintaining discipline in contract selection and
the shorter lead time of consulting and digital work.

Our preferred bidder book, increased to £1.6bn (FY 21:
£0.9bn), and is a positive outcome to the year, see page 23
for further details.

We have made good progress in securing new work that
demonstrates how we are working in deeper partnerships
with our customers. During 2022, we announced that
National Highways has appointed a Costain/Mott
MacDonald joint venture as Delivery Assurance Partner for
the A303 Stonehenge Improvements Scheme, our fourth
delivery partner major consultancy commission. We are also
working with Heathrow Airport as a solution delivery partner
providing construction, consulting and digital capabilities
cover their next regulatory period. We were selected by bp as
their design partner for the net zero scheme in Teesside.

1. See notes 1 to 4 of the financial statements for adjusted metric details and definitions, and reconciliation to reported metrics.

2. Net cash balance is cash and cash equivalents in FY22 and is cash and cash equivalents less interest

unamortised arrangement fees of £0.6m) in FY21,

ing borrowings (excluding leases under IFRS 16 and net of,

Overview Str

gic

Strategic Priorities

Right across the Group we are focused on three strategic
priorities that will deliver our strategic ambition for all

of our stakeholders: Performance, People and Planet.

PERFORMANCE - This is where we provide insight

via our relationships with our customers and work with
them to help shape, create and deliver their broader
infrastructure requirements. During the year we

continued to embed our risk controls in securing new
business (contract selection, independent risk review and
enhanced legal process). As a result, we have managed
the risk and return criteria of contracts, and chose not

to bid on a small number of opportunities. We have also
enhanced operational contract delivery via an Operational
Excellence Model (OEM), comprehensive financial reviews,
and senior management ownership, which has improved
contract margin resilience.

Asa result of the implementation of our strategy and risk
management processes, at year end FY22, our order book
does not include any fixed-price construction contracts.

Our strategy is delivering a transformation in the business
in terms of assured delivery, lower risk contracts in our
order book, and a broader business mix; and our ambition
remains to deliver strong long-term operating margins
Our pathway towards these margins is a 3.0% Group
adjusted operating margin for the second half of 2022 and
then deliver:

* An adjusted operating margin run-rate of 3.5% during
the course of 2024, as we implement our Transformation
plan and grow our consultancy business.

* Amedium-term Group operating margin run-rate of
4.5% during the course 2025. This will be reached by
improving margins of complex programme delivery
(construction contracts), while growing our consultancy
and digital services. In addition, we will enact further
efficiencies across the business.

* We have the ambition to reach a long-term Group
operating margin in excess of 5.0%.

PEOPLE - Here we focus on safety, diversity, inclusion, and
social impact for our people and the wider community,
which are key values for the Group. As noted by our chair,
we have responded to the cost of living crisis and refreshed
our values, as well as stepping up our engagement with
ESG issues, please see pages 32 to 35 and 58 and 59.

Cl

Governance Financial Statements

During the year our Accident Frequency Rate in 2022 was
0.05 alongside a Lost Time Injury Frequency Rate of 0.09.
We discuss our work in the community to deliver social
value on pages 30 and 31.

However, in July, with deep sadness, we experienced
a fatality on one of our rail projects and following
our investigation, to prevent a recurrence we are
implementing a number of recommendations across our
business including changes to current industry practice.

PLANET - It is important that we continue to strive to
deliver environmentally positive actions within the Group
and for our customers. We continue to implement our
climate change action plan, working towards net zero
carbon by 2035. To validate our plan, we have submitted
‘our climate change action plan to the Science-Based
Target Initiative and await endorsement. We have absolute
greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions, including Scope 3,

as one of our key non-financial performance indicators
(see page 34), as it is fundamental that however much

‘our business grows, we still reduce the carbon dioxide we
are releasing into the atmosphere.

Our customers increasingly value our ESG capabilities as a
point of differentiation, and on pages 16 to 21 we discuss
projects where we have demonstrated our skills, such as
providing diesel-free sites for HS2 and reducing carbon
for Tideway.

Outlook

Overall, 'm pleased with the progress that we have made
and the momentum and ambition across the Company.
We have navigated our way through the pandemic and
the material availability and inflation challenges seen
through 2022.

As well as the long-term work already secured, we are well
placed to capitalise on the positive opportunities across
the UK's infrastructure market. We have had good growth
in adjusted operating profit and delivered good free cash
flow during 2022. Given our position in the market and
the quality of our order and preferred bidder books, we
expect to achieve further growth in adjusted operating
profit and increase our net cash balance in 2023

Alex Vaughan
Chief Executive Officer

13 March 2023

For more information visit our website / www.costain.com

10

Costain Group PLC
Annual Report and Accounts 2022

Our strategy

We are at the forefront of helping meet
many of the UK's infrastructure challenges.

Our strategy focuses on transforming infrastructure performance and safeguarding our planet.

Our integrated offering

As construction, consulting and digital
partners we bring together a mix of experts
to engineer solutions to the most complex
infrastructure problems. We have specifically
chosen to work with customers who wish to
partner with us to help them shape, create
and deliver their business plan commitments
and investment programmes, and navigate
the challenges facing their businesses.

Building Costain

There is a major requirement to update,
connect and integrate infrastructure systems in
the UK, which requires new ways of working.

1. We aim to grow a resilient customer
base where long-term strategic
investment is being made with emphasis
‘on those customers where we can
collaborate closely to create connected,
sustainable infrastructure.

2. Our 150-year heritage of pioneering
problem solving, together with constant
innovation, enables us to deliver
sustainable, efficient and practical
answers as construction, consulting
and digital partners.

3. We look to enhance the environmental and
social value that construction delivers by
becoming net zero carbon by 2035.

At our core

Everything we do is rooted in delivery

and organised around our customers. We
anticipate and help solve their challenges,
such as a growing population, climate change,
and economic and environmental resilience
across the infrastructure ecosystem.

Our ambition

To be our customers’ strategic partner, helping
them meet their critical infrastructure needs.

We have enacted a Transformation programme
within Costain to streamline our organisational
structure, use digital to increase efficiencies
and refine our procurement processes.

Our target is to increase revenue and deliver
increasing profits. We aim for increased
adjusted operating margin of 3.5% run-rate
during the course of 2024 and 4.5% run-rate
during the course of 2025, and for margins in
excess of 5.0% thereafter.

At the same time, we recognise our wider
responsibilities and report on ESG matters
on pages 32 to 35 in our separate report at
www.costain.com/our-culture/performance-
and-reports.