*AF2H48ZE*
20/05/2026
COMPANIES HOUSE

$3 5 . wy She :
Creating a sustainable future
un

Costain Group PLC | Annual Report and Accounts 2025

Together we shape,
create and deliver
solutions that transform
the performance of the
infrastructure ecosystem.

Overview Governance Financial Statements
Highlights 1 Board of Directors 42 Consolidated Income Statement 105
Chair's Statement 2 Executive Board a4 Consolidated Statement
Governance at a glance 46 of Comprehensive Income 106
Strategic Report Our Governance Structure 47 Consolidated Statement
. of Financial Position 107
Chief Executive Officer's Statement 4 Chair's Introduction 50
Company Statement
Our Vision, Purpose and Strategy 8 Attendance and Composition 51 of Financial Position 408
Market Overview 10 Board Performance 82 Consolidated Statement
Operational Review 2 Workforce Engagement 53 of Changes in Equity 109
Key Performance Indicators 6 Audit and Risk Committee Report 54 ‘Company Statement
8172 Statement 18 Nomination Committee Report 58 of Changes In Equity no
ur Sustainability Performance 2 Board Diversity 60 Consolidated Cash Flow Statement 111
The Task Force on Climate-related Directors’ Remuneration Report 62 Notes to the Financial Statements = 112
Financial Disclosures (TCFD) 24 Directors’ Report 89 Five-Year Financial Summary 154
Chief Financial Officer's Review 32 Directors’ Responsibility Statement 95 .
Risk Management 34 Independent Auditor's Report 96 Other Information
Viability Statement 40 Financial Calendar and Other
Non-financial and sustainability Shareholder Information 155
information statement 4a

For the latest investor relations information visit our website /

www.costain.com/investors

Overview

Strategic Report

Governance

Financial highlights

2025 £1,045.7m

2024 £1,251.1m
2023 £1,332.0m
Revenue

£1,045./7m

2028 4.3%
2024 25%
2023 2.0%

Operating profit margin

4.3%

2024 £27.1m
2023 £72.0m

Adjusted free cash flow!

£63.1m

2024 3.4%
2023 3.0%

Adjusted operating
profit margin?

A 5%

(2024 €31.1m
2023 £26.8m
Operating profit

£44.8m

2024 3p
2023 8.1p

Basic earnings per share

13.9

2024 £43.1m
2023 £40.1m

Adjusted operating profit?

£A7Im

2024 14.6p
2023 12.2p

Adjusted basic
earnings per share?

14.59

1 Adjusted free cash flow is defined as cash from operations, excluding cash flows relating to adjusting
items and pension deficit contributions, tess taxation and capital expenditure.

2. Seenotes 2 to 4 of the financial statements for adjusted metric details and definitions, and reconciliation

to reported metrics.

3. Lost time injury rate is calculated by dividing the number of lost time Injuries by the number of hours

worked, multiplied by 100,000.

4. Social contribution is defined as the sum of charitable/community donations, employee fundraising,
and the social value resulting from efnployee volunteering,

See our Key Performance Indicators for more information on the above / pages 16 and 17

Financial Statements

Non-financial highlights

poe ee

| 2025 0.16 LTIR |
2024 O.LTIR
2023 O12 LTIR

) 2025 £290k |
2024 410K
2023 £460k

Social contribution*

F290.

oe

2025 —175,078tC0,e |

in 2s

2024 297123tC0,e
2023 294,840tCO,¢

Carbon emissions (Scope 1,2 and 3)

175,078-25 2

Our sustainability
performance

Operating responsibly is ‘
integral to the creation of a
more prosperous, resilient ‘
and decarbonised future, |
1 underpinning how we operate
| and our expectations of our |
people, suppliers and partners. |

C |

} For more information, download {
our Sustainability Report here
www.costain.com/sustainability

5
IS) See our Sustainability Performance for more

information / page 22

01

Chair’s Statement

This Chair's Statement provides an opportunity for reflection on
the last three years at Costain, during which time | have been
Chair. | am extremely proud of the significant progress made

by the business during this period, as evidenced by our strong
financial performance and the strategic choices and aparational
improvements that have created a resilient and high-quality
business. This is the result of the enthusiasm, dedication and
exper lise Uf uur people, and | renidii extremely impressed by the
quality of our teams that | engaged with at the sites | visited during
FY 25. On behalf of the Board, | would like to hugely thank every
one of our colleagues at Costain for their commitment and hard
work every single day. Costain is in great shape as we build and
focus on our next stage. strategic, customer-focused growth.

Improving the quality of our business

Our key finariclal metric for the past three years has been adjusted
operating margin, which we selecterl as the best indicator of the
quality of our contract portfolio and earnings. Our underlying
margin is industry leading. In FY 24 we exceeded the 3.5% target
tmatyity run-rate to be achieved during the year, and in FY 25 we
have again exceeded the 4.5% target margin run-rate. The strong
inal yitt performance over the pasl Uns years reflects the rigurous
risk iianagement processes and disciplines that have been firmly
embedded into the business, the operational improvements
brought about by our three-year transformation programme, and
our mix of contracting and consultancy work Our contract portfolio
no singlesstaye limp sum contracts and is predominantly
long-term frameworks of target cost contracts where the scope
of work, programme design and budget are developed and

agreed with the customer We have a thorough approach to

jon to ensure terms and conditions and margins are
appropriate for each project and 1etain an unwavering focus on
maintaining a disciplined approach te contract risk management as,
the project progresses.

Yo eS

We have improved the resilience of the business by broadening
the scale of our market presence across all sectors. In FY 25, we
won new customers such as Urenco and expanded our work on
existing frameworks with customers from the regulated sector,
private sector. and local and devolved government sectors. such
as Heathrow, TfL, EDF, Anglian Water and Babcock. As a result
we have greater resilience in the event of short-term changes in
individual customer spending plans.

As well as improving the quality and diversity of our contract
portfolio, we have been highly successful in increasing the volume
ot work secured. Uur forward work position grew by a turther
£1.6bn in FY 25 to a record £7.0bn, almost seven times our FY 25
annual revenue, indicative of our customers’ investment plans and
the increasingly attractive markets in which we have carefully
chosen to focus and work on.

Attractive markets with growing momontum

Our market focus remains on the critical national infrastructure
that meets essential needs (Transport, Water, Energy and
Defence) and our strategic focus remains on long-term
relationships with customers who seek to partner with Costain
for our significant support across the lifecucle of their assets.
Together, we expect this to result in the delivery of sustainable,
profitable growth over the medium term.

There is increasing momentum behind the need to create

8 sustainable future for a more prosperous, lient and
decarbonised UIC. The publication of the UK Government's

new 10-year Infrastructure Strategy in the summer of 2025,
backed by £725bn of funding over the next decade. was a
significant milestone. which positively impacted our marketplace.
Itrepresents the first time the UK Guvernmenit has set out a
long term infrastructure. strategy that brings both economic

Overview Strategic Report

Governance

Financial Statements

and social infrastructure together. The Infrastructure Strategy
was followed by the publication of the Infrastructure Pipeline,
which provides the project-by-project detail supporting the
Infrastructure Strategy. Together with the most recent regulatory
determinations in water, energy and aviation, all of which involve
significant increases in regulatory asset spending over the next
investment period (notably in water where investment in AMP8 is
set to be twice the level of AMP7), the Infrastructure Strategy and
Infrastructure Pipeline provide increased clarity and confidence in
the significant growth opportunities in our target markets.

Delivering predictable, profitable growth

Looking ahead, given the attractive market backdrop and our
record forward work position, the improved quality of our business
and our strong balance sheet, Costain is well placed to deliver
sustainable, profitable growth over the medium term. Key to this

is the maintenance of strong risk management disciplines and
enhancement of our operational effectiveness and efficiency
through continued investment in systems and expertise to enable
us to deliver predictable best-in-class outcomes to our customers.

The Board of Directors is also focused on ensuring the business
has the capacity and capability to deliver the large volume of work
won over recent years, while continuing to operate responsibly
and sustainably. This requires an engaged and thriving workforce
and, with this in mind, the Board established the role of Workforce
Engagement Director to support this focus, with Amanda Fisher
beginning in this role in early 2025. Workforce engagement is the
responsibility of the entire Board, and | was again delighted to be
able to visit several of our project sites during the year to see the
dedication and passion our teams bring to their projects and hear
what the business can do to continue to support them and ensure
they stay safe.

Safety is a core value at Costain, and we aim to eliminate harm
across our business. Our focus on safety has seen us reduce
injuries to industry-leading levels in recent years, culminating in a
record performance in FY 24, although in FY 25 there was a rise in
our lost time injury rate safety metric.

Akey achievement for the business in 2025 was the retention of
our Best Companies’ accreditation as ‘A Very Good Company to
Work For’ following our latest engagement survey, in which 75%
of our workforce participated. We will take the employee feedback
from this survey and look to make further improvements to our
employee proposition to make Costain a great place to work.

Alongside our direct workforce, our ability to deliver on our future
growth potential also relies upon being a trusted and valued partner
for an enlarged supply chain. In FY 25, we continued to invest in
resource and capability to ensure we secure the necessary supply
chain expertise to deliver predictable outcomes to our clients.

‘Sustainability is embedded in what we do and how we do it.
Together with our customers and supply chain, we create
infrastructure for a more prosperous, resilient and decarbonised
future. We aim to do this in a way that creates value for all of our
stakeholders. Recognising this, the Board established a Sustainability
Committee in FY 25, chaired by Steve Mogford, to ensure that our
sustainability programme and actions receive the time and attention
they deserve, and help the business to capitalise on the strong
market environment and work proactively with our customers to
create a sustainable future for the UK.

The previously mentioned governance measures relating to
workforce engagement and sustainability will further enhance
the ability of the Board to provide the oversight and guidance
necessary for Costain to deliver on its growth ambitions and
generate long-term value for shareholders.

Shareholder returns

As announced on 26 January 2026, as part of the latest triennial
review of the Group's defined benefit pension scheme, we reached
an agreement with the Trustee on the removal of the dividend
parity arrangement that had previously been a key feature of the
scheme agreement. This has removed a significant constraint that
existed with respect to returns to shareholders, as these returns will
no longer trigger matching contributions to the pension scheme.

The Board carefully considered its options and decided that

it could now move to its target dividend cover of three times
adjusted earnings per share. As a result, the Board has proposed
2 final dividend per share of 3.2 pence, resulting in @ FY 25 full-
year dividend per share of 4.2 pence, an increase of 75% on the
FY 24 full-year dividend per share. In addition, the Board decided
that it would return a further £20m to shareholders in FY 26 via an
on-market share buyback programme, details of which we plan to
announce on 10 March 2026. This follows the £10m share buyback
programmes completed in each of FY 24 and FY 25.

Having made these returns to shareholders, the Board is confident
that the business will retain a strong balance sheet. Net cash is
expected to be approximately £175m at the end of FY 26 after the
partial unwind of historic working capital benefits and enhanced
shareholder returns, in the form of the above-mentioned £20m
share buyback programme and an almost doubling of dividend cash
payments.

This combination of a strong net cash position, progression to our
dividend cover target of three times adjusted earnings per share,
and expanded share buyback programme is creating substantial
value for shareholders. Going forward, the Board will continue to
assess the Group's capital structure on a regular basis, factoring
in forecast free cash flow generation for the year ahead, with the
potential for additional future returns of capital as appropriate.

Summary

‘The Board thanks our teams, customers and suppliers for

their efforts and support during the year and their long-term
‘commitment to the Group. While we remain mindful of the near-term
macroeconomic and geopolitical conditions, we are well positioned
for further cash generation and earnings growth. Costain is in

great shape, with improved quality of earnings, business resilience,
and strong work-winning momentum in attractive growth markets
driving our confidence in the delivery of FY 26 expectations, with a
step change in performance expected in FY 27 and beyond.

Kate Rock
Chair

9 March 2026

03

04 costain Group PLC | Annual Report and Accounts 2025

rr
+B arate Se
e: on ©

Alex Vaughan
P72 Chief Executive Officer

Chief Executive Officer’s Statement

Strong financial performance reflecting quality of

contract portfolio and predictable execution
We report both statutory results (reported) and results excluding
adjusting items (adjusted).

Revenue was £1,045.7m in FY 25 (FY 24: £1,251.1m). In Natural
Resources, there was increased revenue across Energy, and

Defence and Nuclear Energy, with stable revenue in Water, a good

performance given the water industry was transitioning from the

delivery of AMP7 to early design work in the AMP8 regulatory cycle

and Tideway neared completion. in Transportation, there were
revenue reductions in Road, due to the expected completion of
historic Regional Delivery Partnerships (RDP) framework projects
and in Rail, as previously announced, due to the development of a

revised schedule for HS2, which moved work into FY 26 and future

years. There was strong growth in Integrated Transport. reflecting
the expansion of our work at Heathrow.

Adjusted operating profit grew by 9.3% to £47:1m (FY 24: £43.1m),
with increased volumes and strong in-year contract performance
in Natural Resources and the positive impact of normal course of
business contract completions in both divisions partially offset by
lower volumes in Transportation. The adjusted operating margin
increased to 4.5% (FY 24: 3.4%), benefiting from the increase in
adjusted operating profits and the lower volumes of completed
historic ROP framework projects, which operated at below normal
margin levels. Reported operating profit increased to £44.8m (FY
24; £31.1m), with lower adjusting items of £2.3m (FY 24: £12.0m),
roflocting £2.6m of restructuring costs (FY 24. £0.1m credit), £0.71
of residual Transformation programme costs (FY 24: £5.4m), and a
£1.0m provision release relating to fire safety compliance liabilities
(FY 24: £6.7m cost).

Net finance income was £3.8m (FY 24: £5.4m), reflecting lower
interest income from lower bank deposits and interest rates, and
higher bank charges on the accelerated amortisation of charges
relating to our prior refinancing. Adjusted profit before tax increased
4.1% to £50.5m (FY 24: £48.5m). Adjusted basic earnings per share
(EPS) was broadly flat at 14.5 pence (FY 24: 14.6 pence), with the
increase in adjusted operating profit and a reduced share count
following the FY 24 and FY 25 share buyback programmes offset by
a higher adjusted effective tax rate and lower net finance income.
Reported profit before tax was up 32.1% at £48.2m (FY 24: £36.5m),
while reported basic EPS was up 23.0% at 13.9 pence (FY 24:13
pence).

Further strengthening of the balance sheet
Our net cash position at the end of the year was £189.3m (FY

24: £158.5m) after taking account of the £10m share buyback
programme and higher dividend payments in FY 25.

Cash from operations in FY 25 was £50.7m (FY 24: £41.7m), with the
increase reflecting increased adjusted operating profits and working
capital timing. Adjusted free cash flow in FY 25 of £63.1m (FY 24:
£27.1m) was higher than in the same period last year, benefiting from
the above-mentioned increase in cash from operations and lower
capital expenditure following the investment in a new HR system in
FY 24. During FY 25 we paid 97% of invoices within 60 days (FY 24:
98%)

We expect our FY 26 year-end net cash position to be
approximately £175m after the partial unwind of historic working
capital benefits and enhanced shareholder returns, in the form of a
£20m share buyback programme and an almost doubling of dividend
cash payments.

Overview

2024 £1,251.1m
2023 £1,3320m
Revenue

Strategic Report

Governance

Financial Statements

2024 £43.1m

2023 £40.1m

Adjusted operating profit’

£A7Im

2025 45%
2024 3.4%
2023 3.0%

Adjusted operating profit margin’

£1,045.7m

Record forward work position

Costain continues to secure further strategic programme awards
and enjoys good visibility on future work. As at the end of FY 25,
our forward work position, which is our combined order book
and preferred bidder book, stood at £7,0bn (FY 24: £5.4bn; HI 25:
£5.6bn), representing an increase of 30% and almost seven times
our FY 25 annual revenue. It includes £1.1bn of revenue for FY 26,
equivalent to 90% of our forecast revenve for the year.

This forward work position is built on long-term programmes that
enable us to deliver a high consistency, continuity and quality

of work for our customers. As at the end of FY 25, it included no
single-stage lump sum contracts and was predominantly long-
term programmes of work with target cost contracts where the
scope of work, design and budget are developed and agreed with
the client.

Our order book stood at £3.6bn at period end (FY 24: £2.5bn;

H1 25: £3.4bn). The preferred bidder book stood at £3.4bn at
period end (FY 24: £2.9bn; HI 25: £2.2bn). The preferred bidder
book comprises contracts for which we have been selected on
frameworks, and allocated an intended volume of work, but where
a further works order is required prior to the works commencing.
We note that some of our framework and consulting revenue is
not recorded in either our order book or preferred bidder book, as
it is undefined.

Rigorous and disciplined risk management

The stringent assessment and management of risk is central to the

successful execution of our strategic plans. Our risk management

processes and disciplines continue to ensure a robust operational
and trading performance, and our ambition remains to deliver
improving operating margins in excess of 5.0%. This is achieved
through rigorous risk management and commercial control
throughout our operations in three key areas:

+ adisciplined approach to contract selection, which includes
robust commercial and legal reviews, proactive shaping of
procurement approaches with our customers, and a rigorous
multi-stage gating process;

+ commercial and operational assurance, which includes project
level controls, management oversight of forecasts, and cross-
disciplinary contract review meetings; and

+ working with strategic supply chain partners, with application of
robust supply chain management processes.

A 5%

Capital allocation

The Group's capital allocation priorities remain consistent. As
announced on 26 January 2026, a new agreement has been
reached with the Trustee of the defined benefit pension scheme
that removes the dividend parity arrangement that previously
existed, taking away a significant constraint that had existed in
respect of returns to shareholders.

Recognising this, the Board undertook a review of its options
regarding both the dividend and other returns of capital, and on 26
January 2026 it announced two intentions: to pay a dividend in line
with its target of dividend cover of three times adjusted earnings,
and to undertake a £20m share buyback programme in FY 26. The
Board will proceed with both actions. Our capital allocation priorities
continue to be:

+ Investing for growth. Costain will continue disciplined
investment in key areas such as systems and digitalisation to
accelerate its business transformation and expects to invest
around £10m per annum in this area in the coming years. We
will also continue to prioritise investment in capabilities and
expertise to support targeted growth opportunities.

+ Dividend. The Group has a target dividend cover of three times
adjusted earnings. The Board has proposed an increase of 60%
in the final dividend for the year ended 31 December 2025 to 3.2
pence per share (FY 24: 2.0 pence). This results in an increase of
75% in the full-year FY 25 dividend to 4.2 pence per share (FY 24:
2.4 pence). If approved at the AGM, the final dividend will be paid
on 26 May 2026 to shareholders on the share register at close of
business on 17 April 2026.

+ Selective M&A. The Board retains optionaiity to pursue strategic
investments in technology, skills and capabilities to enhance our
ability to support customers.

+ Returning surplus capital. After ensuring a strong balance sheet,
identified surplus capital will be returned to shareholders through
share buybacks or special dividends. The Group completed a
£10m share buyback programme in both FY 24 and FY 25, and
on 10 March 2026 it plans to announce a £20m share buyback
programme, to be completed during FY 26.

1 See notes 2 to 4 of the financial statements for adjusted metric details
and definitions, and reconciliation to reported metrics.

os

06 costain Group PLC | Annual Report and Accounts 2025

Chief Executive Officer’s Statement continued

Group strategy

Costain is an infrastructure solutions business, with a purpose of
improving people's lives, and is implementing its growth and value
creation strategy through:

+ acclear focus on markets where there is strategic long-term
investment being made to meet critical national needs, to
create a sustainable future for a more prosperous, resilient, and
decarbonised future;

working with our targeted customers in long-term strategic
partnerships, normally for five years or more; and

+ enhancing our value by providing services and innovative
‘engineering solutions to meet our customers’ broad and
changing needs.

The Group made good progress during FY 25 in executing its
strategic priorities.

Growth in strong markets

We have increasing confidence that we are well positioned in our
chosen growth markets of Transport (Road, Rail and Integrated
Transport, including aviation and ports), Water, Energy, and
Defence, where there is strategic long-term investment being
made to meet critical national needs, as evidenced through:

the UK Government's 10-year Infrastructure Strategy and
Infrastructure Pipeline, providing greater clarity on £725bn of
investment;

+ regulated determinations in water, energy and aviation that are
expected to result in significant increases in future investment in
these sectors; and

the mix of our record forward work position of £7.0bn.
Predictable, best-in-class delivery

It is critical that the services and programmes that we deliver for
our customers are predictable and best-in-class as standard. We
continuously drive improvements in this area. In FY 25 we:

‘opened the MI National Emergency Area Retrofit North
programme ahead of schedule, and opened our projects on the
M6, A30 and Al on time;

had a very positive close to AMP7, with our teams achieving 100%
compliance with our customers’ regulatory date commitments
across over 100 projects;

‘successfully completed the twin-bore Northolt Tunne! from West
Ruislip to Old Oak Common for HS2 safely and on schedule;

safely managed the complex demolition of the Allerdene bridge on
the Al Birtley to Coal House project with no disruption to the busy
East Coast Main Line;

delivered extensive upgrades to dock infrastructure at Devonport
to the highest safety and environmental standards, to enable
Royal Navy submarines to undergo critical maintenance:

safely completed the demolition of the connector between
Terminal 1 and Terminal 2 (T2) at Heathrow ahead of schedule, a
key milestone in the T2 baggage handling facility project; and

unlocked significant efficiency through our solutions on our
programmes.

Growing, resilient customer mix

We choose to work with customers in strategic long-term
programmes, which are normally of a duration of five years or
more. We build long-term, valued partnerships, with many of our
customer relationships extending over 20 years as we repeatedly
‘extend programmes of work. These include National Highways,
Sellafield, Southern Water, Thames Water, and United Utilities.

New customer relationships added over the past five years include
Heathrow, Manchester Airports Group, Babcock, TfL, Anglian
Water, bp and Northumbrian Water Group.

During FY 25, we continued to build and expand our customer
base and increase the breadth of activities with new and existing
customers to enhance the business’ resilience in the event of
short-term changes in individual customer investment plans.

Customer relationships extended during FY 25 include:

Sellafield: 15-year contract to deliver critical utilities
infrastructure upgrades at the nuclear power station, extending
and expanding a relationship that began in 2005;

Anglian Water: contract to deliver an additional 260km of
Pipeline in the east of England over the next five years, as part
of the Strategic Pipeline Alliance;

EDF: a five-year extension to our existing contract to provide
project controls services across their fleet of eight nuclear
power stations; and

Babcock, Heathrow, Severn Trent Water, Thames Water and TfL:
expansion of our work on existing framework agreements to
progress refurbishment of their critical infrastructure.

Post year-end we were awarded a contract for the design and
build of a junction on the M5 in Somerset, extending our long-
standing relationship with National Highways.

New customer relationships in 2025 include:

Urenco: a programme delivery partner framework to deliver
new and upgraded infrastructure at its Cheshire site, and an
additional design services FEED for Europe's first commercial
scale high-assay low-enriched uranium facility:

Eastern Highways Alliance (EHA): a place on the multi local
authority framework that covers civil engineering and
construction works across the EHA road network;

Nuclear Restoration Services (NRS): a contract to deliver a
decommissioning project at the Trawsfynydd nuclear power
station in North Wales; and

Sizewell C: a 10-year contract to provide project management
expertise.

Post year-end we were awarded a place on two framework
contracts with London Gatwick airport, covering a range of capital
projects to upgrade the airport's infrastructure.

Overview Strategic Report

Building a meaningful consultancy service

Our business is differentiated in seeking to meet our customers’
broader business needs, not just their new capital infrastructure
construction and maintenance. Consultancy services grew to 17%
of FY 25 Group revenues (FY 24: 12%). In addition to the Urenco,
EDF and Sizewell C awards noted above, during FY 25 we won
consultancy business with:

+ Department for Energy Security & Net Zero, to provide technical
and strategic consultancy services on the Department's Energy
and Net Zero Professional Services Framework;

+ National Highways, where we secured a place on the Specialist
Professional and Technical Services Framework 3 (SPaTs3)
through the RIS3 road investment cycle;

+ Department for Transport, to provide technical and commercial
advice to develop a range of rail infrastructure enhancement
projects in the Western, Wales and Wessex regions;

+ Storengy UK, to deliver two FEED contracts to support the
development of their underground hydrogen storage facility in
Cheshire;

+ Manchester Airports Group: to conduct two biodiversity studies
at Manchester Airport and East Midlands airport; and

+ further design commissions as part of our AMP8 water
framework agreements and Network Rail professional services
framework agreement.

Sustainability performance

Being a sustainable business is fundamental to Costain’s
purpose of improving people's lives and is central to our vision
to create infrastructure for a more prosperous, resilient and
decarbonised future. Demonstration of sustainability credentials
is often a key component of our customers’ selection process
when awarding new work. Our sustainability programme brings
together the sustainability issues materially important to Costain,
driving towards our medium-term goals as set out in our 2030
Sustainability Programme.

The safety of our people is a core value and an important
component of our sustainability programme. Following several
years of improving safety performance to industry-leading levels,
culminating in a record performance in FY 24, we saw a rise in
our lost time injury rate (LTIR) to 0.16 in FY 25 from 0.11 in FY 24,
although other safety metrics showed improvement in the year.
LTIR is calculated as the ratio of the total number of lost time
incidents per every 100,000 hours worked.

Governance Financial Statements

We made good progress towards many of our 2030 sustainability
goals during FY 25, including:

+ a reduction in our gender and ethnicity pay gaps;

+ the creation of over £600k of social value as we implemented our
social value plan and celebrated Costain’s 160th anniversary with
an employee volunteering campaign;

+ an average score of 46/50 in the Considerate Constructors
Scheme (industry average of 41/50);

+ a reduction in environmental incidents, waste and water
consumption;

+ a 41% year-on-year decrease in emissions and continued
improvements to data collection following the introduction of our
Environmental Construction Data Tracker in 2024; and

+ retention of the Green Economy Mark, recognising that our
revenue exceeds the 50% ‘green income’ threshold.

The above strategic progress is supporting our goal to be admired
as a valued partner by our customers and supply chain, as a
trusted employer and community partner, and as a business that
delivers increasing and sustainable shareholder returns.

Outlook

Strong market momentum and increased forward work position
underpins our growth prospects. We are well placed to capture
the substantial multi-year growth opportunities that exist across
all our chosen markets. Our confidence is underpinned by our
strategic long-term relationships with customers and the strength
of our forward work and balance sheet. As we deliver these
higher volumes of work, we will remain focused on maintaining the
rigorous contract management disciplines that have led to today's
high-quality contract portfolio and industry-leading margins.

We expect to remain highly cash generative and to deliver
progress in both revenue and adjusted operating profit in

FY 26 with an adjusted operating margin of around 4.0% for

the full year, in line with market expectations, as the positive
contract completions in FY 25 are not expected to repeat in FY
26, and as we invest in the business to support the attractive
growth opportunities. We continue to expect a step change in
performance in FY 27 and beyond, driven by the step up in our
customer's investment spending plans and growth across all our
markets, and our ambition remains to deliver improving operating
margins in excess of 5.0%

Alex Vaughan
Chief Executive Officer
9 March 2026

07

O8 costain Group PLC | Annual Report and Accounts 2025

Our Vision, Purpose and Strategy

Overview
Purpose
Vision | To create connected, sustainable Infrastructure enabling people and the planet to thrive
Sustainable future ‘A more prosperous UK A more resilient UK A decarbonised UK
Growth in Predictable Aresilient A meaningful ste Tobean
Strategie focus fh sere QS vest-in-cass Xx customer consutaney | EP admire growing
markets delivery mix service company
Working strategically with\Tiemlcustomersitomeetcritical national needs)
Markets and
customers | ‘Transport | | Natural Resources
Integrated Defence and
Road Rell Transport Water Energy Nuclear Energy
Expertise Werdeilversstrategic capital programmestand provide,valued consultancy services through our, broad capabilities}

Maintenance
and renewals

Engineering
and construction

Costain has been improving the lives of people through
infrastructure for more than 160 years. Our vision is to create
connected, sustainable infrastructure enabling people and
the planet to thrive, creating a sustainable future for a more
prosperous, resilient and decarbonised UK

The strategy laid out above supports the delivery of our vision,
putting us at the forefront of meeting the UK's infrastructure
needs with sustainable solutions.

We are strategically well positioned in our four key UK markets,
where there is commitment to long-term investment in
infrastructure: Transport, Water, Energy and Defence

We build and grow strategic relationships with customers, forging
and deepening long-term partnerships, which supports us in
delivering our growth ambitions and in building an increasingly
resilient customer portfolio, It also enables us to extend our service
offering across the asset lifecycle through the provision of our
engineering-led expertise and capabilities.

We continually identify and deliver improvements to our approach
to enhance productivity and drive predictable best-in-class
delivery, and constantly strive to be an organisation admired by
all of our stakeholders for how we operate, our sustainability
credentials, and the outcomes we deliver.

Our key financial metric to measure our performance over the
past three years has been adjusted operating margin, which

we selected as the best indicator of the quality of our contract
Portfolio and earnings. Our adjusted operating margin is industry
leading. In FY 24 we exceeded our 3.5% target margin run-rate
to be achieved during the year, and in FY 25 we have again
exceeded our 4.5% target margin run-rate.

Advisory
solutions

Engineering

Sra desige Delivery partner

The strong margin performance over the past three years reflects
the rigorous risk management processes and disciplines that
have been firmly embedded into the business, the operational
improvements brought about by our three-year transformation
programme, and our mix of contracting and consultancy work.

Overview Strategic Report Governance Financial Statements 09

A business model focused on meeting our customers’ broad needs

Shape and create Deliver [Operatelandloptimise]

We use our construction and We create sustainable projects with Wejhelproperategmaintainjandyoptimis
engineering expertise to design carbon, social value and nature at the infrastructureyand providejadviceyony
the right approach core of our approach Ceconstructionand (decommissioning

Construct

Concept Solution
Procure and install

1
1
and analysis design Commission t

HS2 Sur BD neste a “
= oe |S ites Be
(mas Eaay «(Cadent  (Wihic
—— Oiitee Se Ser
ee Water
—— Css SBM, Batis
tira im) Foams) sewer, af Rey
sux. NEOS @ Ons Qe=: She HO 9

“Brenco Seewele — somy  Grensey Meee! §—renco Bb

Our business is differentiated in seeking to meet our customers’ broader business needs, not just the construction and maintenance of
their capital infrastructure

Within our chosen markets we work with a growing number of customers who choose to work with their partners on strategic
five-to-ten-year programmes of work. The nature of these contracts allows us to build strong, long-lasting and valued relationships,
broaden our service value, and maintain consistency and continuity of workflows over the business plan period.

Below is an example of how our strategy and business model enables our engineering-led expertise to benefit our growing customer
base in the nuclear energy sector.

Bringing our strategy to life ~ Nuclear energy case study

Powerful market growth drivers
Energy secu

Extending and optimising Safeguarding the UK's nuclear legacy Powering the UK's nuclear future
existing energy generation

o——_——a108— ————— 19

EDF Sellafield NRS Urenco Sizewell C
Project controls Decommissioning Decommissioning Delivery, design and Consultancy and
services delivery partner delivery partner construction partner advisory

—--—-—

= ated

Contract to 2030 Contract to 2040 Contract to 2029 Contract to2028 Contract to 2035
Partner since 2017 Partner since 2005 _—Partner since 2005 Partner since 2025 Partner since 2025

Key: =a Consultancy =a Construction sam Construction & Consultancy

10 costain Group PLC | Annual Report and Accounts 2025

Market Overview

We are strategically well positioned in our four key UK markets, where there
is commitment to long-term investment in infrastructure: Transport, Water,
Energy, and Defence. Within our Transportation division, we have three key
sectors of operation: Road, Rail and Integrated Transport. The remaining
sectors are managed through our Natural Resources division.

We have increasing confidence that we are strategically welll positioned in our chosen long-term attractive growth markets, based on:

+ the UK Government's 10-year Infrastructure Strategy and Infrastructure Pipeline, which were published in the summer and which
provide greater clarity on £725bn of investment; and

regulated determinations in water, energy and aviation, combined with non-regulatory expansion plans (such as potential strategic
reservoirs and airport expansion), that are expected to result in significant increases in future investment in these sectors.

Strategic investment programmes - infrastructure spend'

‘ommi Investment
investment id 2027

National and local

roads £24bn 2026-2030 Motorway and local road improvements*
High Speed Rall £25bn 2026-2030 HS2 Phase 1 (London-West Midlands)*
Network Rail £43bn 2024-2029 cp7 cps
Other rail
enhancements £10bn - 2026-2032 Rail enhancements (outside of CP7)
Local and €£2Ibn —- 2022-2032 CRSTS? Transport for City Regions (TCR)
regional
transport £9bn 2026-2030 Tt
Aviation £65bn 2022-2039 Airport upgrades and expansion
Water £104bn 2025-2030 AMPS AMPS
£9bn 2026-2030 ccus
£6bn 2026-2030 GB Energy?
Energy
£28bn 2026-2031 RIIO-3
£22bn 2023-2028 RIIO-ED2 RIIO-ED3
Defence £144bn* 2026-2030 Public defence spend
£l4bn 2026-2030 Nuctear decommissioning
£2bn —_- 2026-2030 ‘Small modular nuclear reactors
Nuclear Energy
£3bn —_-2026-2030 Nuclear fusion
£l4bn 2026-2030 Sizewell C

These investment plans are not all addressable by Costain and there are market opportunities, which do not fall under these investment plans, available to the Group.
‘The estimates are as of 9 March 2026.

City Region Sustainable Transport Settlements,
Excludes nuclear spending

Capital spending only (excludes resource spend; however, includes non- addressable equipment spending).

Announced commitment spend, awaiting announcement on National Highways RIS3 spend.

Commitment spend in Partiament period - total investment to completion will be higher but no formal, up-to-date, estimate published.
2026 TI business plan.

Nowswn