COSTAIN

Creating a
sustainable
future

>
<
fay
QD
«
=I
=x
z=

121082022 #30
COMPANIES HOUSE

qn ul
J

Costain Group PLC
Annual Report and Accounts

2021

Company No. 1393773

Our vision is to create connected,
sustainable infrastructure that enables

people and the planet to thrive.

Read about our strategy / page 8

HIGHLIGHTS

2021 £1,135m £9.5m ff 2021 0.8% [2021 2p ff 2021
2006 Bem 20m ]2000 [am 200 [Bere 2020
Revenue Operating loss Operating loss margin Basic loss per share

m 9.5m % 2.1
£1,135 5 0.8% |p
2021 £38.9m 2021 £30.1m 2021 2.6% 2021 96p
[2020 £31.6m 2020 _£18.0m [2o20 17% 2020 5.8p
Free cash Adjusted? operating Adjusted? operating Adjusted? basic
flow! profit profit margin earnings per share

CONTENTS

Overview

Highlights FC
‘Ata Glance 2
Chair's Statement 4

|

£30.1m

Strategic Report

QBA with CEO Alex Vaughan é
Our Strategy 8
‘Our Business Model 10
Market Overview 2
Chief Executive Officer's statement 24
Our key Performance Indicators 26
Operational Review 2B
‘Our Stakeholders 32
5172 Statement 34
Responsible Business 38
Financial Review 2
Principal Risks and Uncertainties 44
Viability Statement “9

For the latest investor relations information visit our website /

www.costain.com/investors

1. Free cash flow is defined as cash flow from operating
activities, excluding adjusting items, less capital expenditure.

2. Excluding th

pact of significant contract provision

adjustments and other items (see note 3 on page 14).

2.6%

Governance

Board of Directors

Executive Board

Governance at @ Glance

Chair's Introduction

Our Governance Structure

Board Diversity

(Our Purpose, Values and Culture

Koy Activities

Workforce Engagement

Attendance and Composition

Other Board Matters

Board Evaluation

QBA with Senior Independent

Dicector and Chair of the Audit

Committee Tony Quinlan

Audit Committee Report

Nomination Committee Report

Directors’ Remuneration Report
Remuneration at a Glance
Annual Statement by Interim Chair
of the Remuneration Committee
Remuneration Policy
Annual Report on Remuneration

9.6p

Directors’ Report 108
Directors’ Responsibility Statement 114

Independent Auditor'sReport 1S
Accounts Financial Statements
Consolidated Income Statement 123

Consolidated Statement of
Comprehensive Income and Expense 124
Consolidated Statement

of Financial Position 125
Company Statement

of Financial Position 126
Consolidated Statement

of Changes in Equity 127
Company Statement

of Changes in Equity 128

Consolidated Cash Flow Statement 129

Company Cash Flow Statement 130
Notes to the Financial Statements 131
Five-Year Financial Summary 178
Other Information

Financial Calendar and Other
Shareholder Information 179
Contact Us 180

Overview | Highlights 01

“We are making. Hood progress on our
journey to transform the Garou anal I'm
‘ pleased with the clarity of focvs and

improvement in adjusted performance,”

a Dr Paul Golby

ee, Non-Executive Chi
Read my statement / page 4 onréxecutive Choir

NON-FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS

2021 0.15 LTIR 2021 £200k 2021 49,0001CO,e
2020 0.09 LTR 2020 £21k 2020_32,1651CO,e

Safety Social contribution Environmental impact

0.15 LTIR £200k 49,000tCO,e

See our KPIs / page 26

HOW WE ARE TRANSFORMING PERFORMANCE FOR ALL OUR STAKEHOLDERS

DIGITAL BIODIVERSITY DEVELOPING A DIGITAL 70 YEARS OF GAS CARBON MODELLING

MAPPING ENHANCED THE = TWIN FOR CLEAN WATER PROCESSING EXPERIENCE = AND INNOVATION ARE

NATURAL ENVIRONMENT TO REDUCE COST AND APPLIED TO DEVELOPING SIGNIFICANTLY REDUCING

ON THE A19 IMPROVE EFFICIENCY FIRST-OF-A-KIND OUR ENVIRONMENTAL
HYDROGEN STORAGE IMPACT ON HS2

g

Read more / page 16 Read more / page 18 Read more / page 20 Read more / page 22

02

Costain Group PLC | Annual Report and Accounts 2021

AT A GLANCE

By drawing on our 150-year heritage of pioneering problem solving, Costain

brings together a unique mix of experts to transform the performance of
infrastructure that connects, protects and powers people's lives.

Improving people's lives

eee OUR VISION :

To create connected, sustainable infrastructure enabling people and the planet to thrive.

HOW WE DO THAT

We shape, create and deliver pioneering solutions that transform the performance
of the infrastructure ecosystem.

WHERE WE OPERATE

We are focused on four strategic sectors across the UK: Transport, Energy, Water
and Defence, and everything that we do is rooted in delivery and organised
around our clients.

5}

Read about our refreshed corporate positioning / page 62

AWARDS AND RECOGNITION ACCREDITATIONS

We are proud to be recognised for our contribution 1S0.9001 Quality Management System
to clients, our people and wider society.

ISO 14001 Environmental Management.
ISO 45001 Occupational Health & Safety.

ISO 27001 Information Security Menagement.
ISO 22301 Business Continuity Management.
'SO 44001 Collaborative Business Relationships.
ISO 20000-1 IT Service Management

PAS2080 Carbon Management
In Infrastructure.

ISO 56002 Innovation Management.

OUR STRATEGY TO DELIVER

PEOPLE

Our team has a broad range of
expertise and works collaboratively
to meet our clients’ needs. We are
focused on unlocking the talent

of our 3,500 people and further
developing their capabilities to
deliver for our clients.

PLANET
Infrastructure contributes 55% of the
UK’s carbon footprint and has a further
impact on the wider environment.

We are passionate about safeguarding
our planet for future generations and
taking action to do so.

PERFORMANCE
We are working to deliver solutions
that will improve the performance of
infrastructure in a more cost effective
way. We are also driving efficiency
across our business to deliver for our
shareholders.

OUR AMBITION

We are targeting revenue growth with
an operating profit margin of 5-6%.

See our strategy / page 8

HOW WE MEASURE SUCCESS

This year we have outlined financial
and non-financial KPIs for the first time.

See our KPIs / page 26

OUR ASSOCIATED RISKS

We are focused on reducing contract
risk through improved contract
governance and management.

See our strategy / page 8

OUR INVESTMENT CASE

ATTRACTIVE MARKET, WITH LONG
TERM COMMITTED INVESTMENT
IN STRATEGIC INFRASTRUCTURE

8

See strategy and risks / pages 8 and 44

CLIENT FOCUSED IN KEY SECTORS,
WHERE OUR CAPABILITIES
DIFFERENTIATE US

g

See our markets / page 12

WELL CAPITALISED WITH A NET
CASH POSITION

a

See our business model / page 10

ACTIONS IN PLACE TO DRIVE
GROWTH IN PROFIT AND MARGIN

a

See our financial review / page 42

See our strategy / page 8

Overview | Ata Glance

OUR STAKEHOLDERS

We collaborate more closely
than ever with clients, partners,
communitiés, wider industry and
shareholders. Together we are
creating connected, sustainable
infrastructure to help people and
the planet thrive.

See our stakeholder engagement / page 32

03

04

Costain Group PLC | Annual Report and Accounts 2021

|AIR'S STATEMENT

“| am pleased with the
underlying performance;
we have a strong team
to deliver our ambition.”

During the last year, the Group has
made considerable progress on

its journey. This is evident in the
improvement in underlying business
performance and the increased
strategic clarity, as we develop our
capabilities in sustainability, consulting
and digital.

Importantly, we have been able to
conclude legacy contract issues,
including the Peterborough &
Huntingdon (P&H) contract which
was signed in 2016 (see page 141

for more detail). The outcome of
the dispute was unexpected and

it is disappointing that the Group
has had to bear a financial cost of
£43.4m, which was paid after the
end of the financial year. However,
the resolution of this contract will
enable management to look forward
and focus on the positive long-term
prospects for the Group.

lam pleased the Group's adjusted
operating profit increased strongly in
the year and we saw good free cash
generation, which is discussed in more
detail in our Financial Review on page
42. The reported loss of £5.8m reflects
the settlement of the P&H contract.

Given the pressures of a growing
population, the need to meet the
impact of climate change and the
requirement for more economic
and environmental resilience, there
are huge possibilities to update,
connect and integrate infrastructure
ecosystems. Costain can build on
its deep construction heritage to
address the changing needs of our
clients by bringing together a unique
mix of experts to engineer solutions
for increasingly complex problems.

In return, we expect that Costain
can deliver profit growth with better
margins. We are already seeing the
benefits of these actions, with higher
operating profit margins from projects
that utilise this approach. This is
discussed in more detail by our CEO,
Alex Vaughan on page 6.

Engaging through change
The drive to create connected,
sustainable infrastructure is
increasingly understood by our
stakeholders - our people, clients,
governments, and our investors - and
our Board and management team
recognise the need for Costain to
engage increasingly with these groups.

Change can be challenging and during
2021, Alex and the management

team have been active in leading
discussions with our employees on the
benefits of our strategy, discussed on
page 8, which we expect will enable us
to attract and retain talent within the
Group. Our clients have responded
positively to our strategic direction,
with a good pipeline of orders for

the Group to manage across the
infrastructure ecosystem, while still
delivering complex programmes

We are also conscious of the important
role we play in the wider community
and the Board has been increasingly
focused on Environmental, Social

and Governance (ESG) matters. The
Board considers leadership culture in
these areas to be an essential factor
in the Group's ongoing strategic
development. Diversity, equality and
inclusion remain an area of focus, as
they are critical to developing high
performing teams. We are committed
to ensuring a culture of respect and
inclusivity to everyone we employ and

further details on our ESG policies and
practices can be found on page 38.
We outline the Board's engagement
activities in more detail on page 66

Our people
The past two years have been difficult
for our people as we, and our clients,
have navigated our way through the
pandemic. | am pleased that despite
the challenges we have maintained
our excellent safety performance. The
Board would like to thank our people,
clients and partners for their effort and
resilience in what has been a difficult
time for all

Capital allocation

The objective of our strategy

is to deliver long-term value to
shareholders while maintaining a
strong balance sheet that underpins
our financial position. Costain has
targeted a dividend cover of around
three times underlying earnings,
taking into account the free cash

flow generated in the period. It is
important that we maintain a strong
balance sheet that will support
investment in the business to drive
growth. Given the final settlement
payment made after the close of

the financial year in respect of the
Peterborough & Huntingdon contract,
the Board does not consider it
appropriate to recommend a final
dividend this year, despite the Group's
improved operating and adjusted
cash-performance. We recognise

the importance of dividends to
shareholders and will continue to
review the timing of the reinstatement
of future dividends in the light of

the Group's performance, cash flow
requirements and the importance of
maintaining a strong balance sheet.

Trading and outlook
As the nature of our business increasingly
moves towards the supply of consultancy
and digital solutions, we expect the

mix of our order book to evolve with a
greater number of shorter, higher margin
contracts. This, as well as market cycles,
is already being reflected, with our

order book of £3.4bn at the end of 2021,
compared to £4.3bn the year before.

| am pleased to note that a series of
contract wins during 2021 set the Group
up well for 2022 and we expect to see

an increase in adjusted operating profit
compared to 2021. We have seen a good
start to 2022 in both our divisions, with
secured revenue for the Group of more
than £1bn.

While we are mindful of market conditions
due to the pandemic, and wider
economic and geopolitical challenges,
there is a positive long-term outlook for
infrastructure and we have a significant
role to play in helping the UK Government
achieve net zero. This, combined with
the strategic progress made during

2021, gives the Board confidence in the
Group's future prospects.

Finally, as announced alongside our
2021 full year results, | have decided to
step down as chair and non-executive
director within the next 12 months. The
Nomination Committee, led by Tony
Quinlan as senior independent director,
will soon begin a search for my successor.
After six years as chair and non-executive

director, we have navigated through some

challenging times, but now have a strong
management team and a clear strategy to
generate sustainable growth in the future.

Dr Paul Golby CBE
Chair
9 March 2022

Overview | Chair's Statement

05

06

Costain Group PLC | Annual Report and Accounts 2021

A WITH CEO ALEX VAI

HAN

"We are delivering a strong operational performance,
drawing a line under legacy contract issues and pushing

forward with our strategic ambition in strong markets.

What are your key

reflections on 20217

It's a good opportunity to step back

and take a moment to talk about how
we have changed our business since |
became CEO, and to reflect on what
we have achieved during 2021.

We had another strong year of
performance last year, delivering
contracts well, securing the right type
of new work and increasing our position
‘on consultancy and digital frameworks
for our clients; cementing our position
asa valuable strategic partner for our
clients. We have importantly drawn

a line under all our historic contract
issues, the last of which had been
contracted as far back as 2016. Having
learned the key lessons from the two
contract issues, and operating very
differently, Costain is now a strong
resilient business; as is evidenced from
delivering adjusted earnings in line with
expectations for the last two years.

Last year we completed an update

of our strategy, that confirmed our
hypothesis for significant growth of
profits and margins. We have a clearer
plan, built on the good progress made
over the past two years, anda clear
ambition to significantly increase.

the value of Costain. The business
leadership is a diverse mix of experts,
focused on delivering our ambitions and
continuously strengthening the business.

Today we are partners on our client's
strategic long-term investment
programmes, with a broad team of
experts. A leading modern contractor, a
sizable value adding consultant and an
emerging digital partner shaping a more
productive and greener future. We are
the new type of company who is best
positioned to benefit from helping our
clients meet their changing needs

What were the key
financial highlights?

In 2021 we delivered £30.1m adjusted
operating profit with a margin of
2.6%, both significant improvements
on last year.

Net cash was £119.4m and we
continued to secure new work with an
order book of £3.4bn at the end of the
year. The overall reported operating
loss was £9.5m reflecting the final
settlement of the Peterborough &
Huntingdon contract.

We have made significant changes to
improve contract risk management,
which gives me confidence we will not
experience such significant contract
write-offs in future. You can read more
about this on page 9.

What is the current status

of these legacy contracts?

In February 2021 we reached

a settlement with the Welsh
Government in relation to the A465
contract, giving us certainty over the
final cost of the project. The work has
largely been completed, and the road
was opened in November 2021.

In December 2021 we received an
adjudication decision on several claims
in the Peterborough & Huntingdon
dispute, most of which were found in
‘our favour on principle. However, the
adjudicator chose not to determine
the financial amounts in respect

of these compensation events. In
February 2022 we reached a full and
final settlement with National Grid,
resulting in a payment of £43.4m.

The settlement brings an end to the
dispute and prevents any further
claims under the contract. While this is
a disappointing outcome, | am pleased
to have finally resolved this matter and
we are now able to move forward and
focus on the future.

How do you see the infrastructure
market evolving?

Infrastructure is facing enormous
change. There are huge opportunities
to update, connect and integrate
systems, but challenges including
climate change and our economic and
environmental resilience are more
urgent than ever.

ou

There is broad investment,
underpinned by legislative and
regulatory commitments, and there

is a pipeline of more than £650bn of
investment for the next 10 years across
our markets.

To do this, our clients need partners
that will support them through these
challenges. We expect a move from
‘build and then leave to the client’,

to the infrastructure provider being
involved at different stages throughout
the whole life of the asset, including
strategic development, asset creation,
operations and demobilisation.

In delivering net zero, more productive
and lower cost infrastructure, we will
continue to transform the way new
infrastructure is delivered, and commit
more resource and investment to
extending the life and improving the
performance of our existing assets.

What did the strategy
update determine?

Our strategy update tested the size
and scale of our market and confirmed
the significant opportunity it provides.
By focusing on four key markets in the
UK, namely Transport, Energy, Water
and Defence, we are able to develop
a deep understanding of our clients’
needs and tailor our solutions to them.
These markets are also receiving long-
term strategic and non-discretionary
investment to meet the needs of the UK.

In my mind, addressing the changes
in the market requires a new kind of
company. We believe that we can be

* that company, which is why we are

building additional capabilities, so

we can be construction, consulting
and digital partners across the full
infrastructure ecosystem. This will allow
us to shape, create and deliver solutions
to the most complex infrastructure
challenges. Whilst the transition is

not easy, over time this will enable

us to deliver our vision of connected,
sustainable infrastructure that helps
people and the planet to thrive.

Our broader offering positions us
uniquely in the market as we do

not see anyone else thinking about
infrastructure in the same way. We are
increasingly recognised as a sector
leader and recently won a silver award
in the FT UK's Leading Management
Consultants awards. You can read
more about our strategy and markets
‘on pages 8 and 12.

Can you update us on

the business leadership?

We have assembled a strong leadership
team to lead the business in delivering
its strategic objectives. Together with
the team already in place, during the
year Louise Bryant joined us from
Aggreko as Group communications
and investor relations director, Matthew
Higham joined us as chief digital officer
from Microsoft UK where he held the
same role, and Sam White is managing
director of the Natural Resources
division, joining from Babcock where
he had held a number of managing
director roles. Today, the leadership of
Costain is more diverse in its expertise
and gender than ever before, with more
progress yet to be made.

Now that you have completed
the strategy update where do
you see adjusted operating
margins in the future?
The strategy review highlighted the
huge potential that we see in our
markets, both in traditional programme
delivery and in helping our clients
navigate the growing complexities of

~ greater demand, less financial resource
and the need to safeguard our planet.
The volume of our complex programme
delivery work is expected to grow our
absolute profit in the 3-5% range; and
we will continue to grow the proportion
of our consultancy and digital business
services at margins in excess of 5%.
We are presenting our target in terms
of operating profit as opposed to
divisional margins, and our ambition
is to deliver margins in the 5-6% range.

Much has been written about the
climate change challenge facing
our planet, where are you on your
net zero journey?

Having read and heard a lot about
the challenges our planet faces, |

am committed for Costain to play a
leading role in safeguarding its future.

Strategic Report | Q&A with CEO Alex Vaughan

We will do this in how we deliver our
infrastructure solutions and what those
solutions encompass. Additionally we
will play a key role in transitioning to a
green energy future, and are making
good progress in this area.

Within Costain, our Climate Change
Action Plan is to be net zero carbon by
2035, and we have continued to work
in collaboration with our suppliers to
reduce emissions. We are adopting
the latest plant technology and
continuing our focus’on telematics

to drive behavioural improvement

to reduce plant idling, with a 20%
reduction in 2021. In addition to
becoming more efficient in how we
deliver infrastructure projects, our
materials engineers, designers and
PhD researchers have been working
hard with our supply chain partners

to accelerate the development of low
carbon construction materials, and we
are growing our work supporting the
energy transition, including carbon
capture and hydrogen.

But this is not enough; we must do
more to reduce the amount of carbon
we use in our operations and crucially,
the carbon embedded in what we
construct, and | have asked the team _
to look at more ambitious targets for
the business. We are well positioned
to help shape a greener future in
transport and energy.

We have introduced absolute
greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions,
including Scope 3, as one of our key
performance indicators (see page 27),
as it is fundamental that however much
this business grows, we still reduce
the carbon dioxide we are releasing
into the atmosphere. | firmly believe
that we can do more to play our part
in safeguarding the planet and

| look forward to updating you

‘on our plans in due course.

07

What are your thoughts on
the outlook for Costain in the

” year ahead?

Overall, I'm pleased with the progress
that we have made and the momentum
and ambition across the Company.

We have a clear differentiated plan,

an outstanding leadership team, and
strong contract risk management.
Delivering our strategic ambition is

not easy, but I'm confident that we will
benefit from these changes in 2022 and
in the years ahead,

As well as the long-term work already
secured, we are well placed to
capitalise on the positive opportunities
across the UK's infrastructure market. |
am really excited by the prospect of not
only improving the performance of this
business for shareholders, but also of
delivering better results for our clients,
their customers and society as a whole.

Alex Vaughan
Chief Executive Officer

08

Costain Group PLC | Annual Report and Accounts 2021

OUR STRATEGY

Our long-term vision is to create connected,
sustainable infrastructure that helps people

and the planet to thrive.

Our strategy will transform the business and underpins
the development of our unique customer proposition,
setting us up to deliver this vision.

We are growing our integrated proposition to support our clients’
needs for innovation that unlocks better infrastructure performance.

OUR STRATEGIC PRIORITIES

PEOPLE

In orde? to deliver our vision, we must
have high-performing teams. We have
refreshed our executive leadership

Leveraging our deep.understanding.of.complex.programme.
delivery, we are investing in consulting and digital services to enable
us to shape infrastructure spending across the asset life cycle; this is
our unique client proposition. Bringing all this together will deliver
infrastructure that is more efficient, lower cost and with a positive
social and environmental impact

DIFFERENTIATING COSTAIN
In meeting the changing needs of UK infrastructure we
have a unique approach:

* We have chosen to only focus on the UK and in markets where long
term strategic investment is being made. See page 12 for more
detail on our markets.

* By leveraging our 150-year heritage in problem solving and
programme delivery, our experts can meet our clients’ broad needs
across strategy, capex and opex as construction, consulting and
digital partners. it’s a new approach. See page 10 for more detail on
‘our business model

+ We will deliver a step change in reducing the environmental impact
of construction, by becoming carbon negative and nature positive.
We discuss our ESG initiatives in more detail on page 38.

OUR AMBITION
Focus areas to deliver the Group operating margin
ambition of 5-6%

1. Improving margins on complex programme delivery (CPD) contracts
~ our operational excellence model programme is delivering CPD
contracts in line with our target margin range of 3-5% and we are trading
cout the proportion of revenue from historic lower margin contracts

2. Growing our consulting services ~ this is developing well, with
contract margins growing to more than 5% as we increasingly build
‘our reputation and expertise together with continuing to secure
consultancy frameworks with our clients

3. Growing digital services - building on our digital expertise, we are
helping our clients shape and develop their plans and we see a
considerable opportunity as infrastructure markets move to greater
digital infrastructure to enhance business performance. We expect
contract margins in this area of more than 5%. We have new leadership
in this area and are investing in a clear and focused plan.

While our complex programme delivery services include the benefits
of our consulting and digital expertise, and will therefore increase
margins, we are also growing our standalone consulting and digital
services. Taken together, we expect to deliver a progressive increase in
operating profit and operating margin as we implement our strategy.

team and have experts throughout

the business. Our commitment is to
upskill our people and create new and
exciting opportunities so that they
choose to grow their careers with us,
while continuing to ensure that everyone
returns home safely at the end of the
day. We are also mindful of the impact
that we have on our end users, and want
to enable people to thrive. Infrastructure
needs to deliver more for society and has
a significant role to play in levelling up
the UK

Strategic initiatives
* Investment in skills for the future

* Social value measurement

Read about our KPIs /
page 26

PLANET

Protecting nature and the
environment to safequard our
planet for future generations is
fundamental. We have believed
this for a long time, and while

we have made changes, we
acknowledge that there is
considerably more that we can
do. We have recently committed
to achieved Science Based Target
accreditation and have given our
sustainability team new direction.

Strategic init

* Commitment to Science
Based Targets

* Sustainability strategy update

ives

©) PERFORMANCE

Infrastructure needs to deliver
more and cost less for the whole
of society. By developing a deep
understanding of our client's
needs, we are pioneering solutions
that will deliver infrastructure
faster and more efficiently,
without compromising on safety
or the environmental impact. We
are investing in our digital and
consulting capabilities to support
cour clients by helping them
develop their strategy, optimise
existing assets and deliver new
ones. By doing this, we will drive
growth in our business.

We are also improving the
performance of our business.
Costain has existed for more than
150 years, and inevitably over time
complexity has crept in. We have
identified areas where we can
simplify processes and bring clarity
and focus to how we work, which
will drive efficiency improvements
and better service for our clients,
while improving returns for

our shareholders.

Strategic initiatives
* Data and systems
enhancement

* Production thinking

Read our sustainability section /
page 38

Read our performance review /
page 24

Stratégic Report | OurStrategy O09

‘CONFIDENCE IN DELIVERY

As a result of the commercial issues faced
on legacy contracts, we have conducted
a root cause review and upgrade of our
contract risk management and delivery
assurance processes. As a result, we

have implemented a programme of
improvements, including: .

Work wi ig

* Contract selection — contracts
are not pursued where the risk is
considered inappropriate

* Independent review - expert risk
review of contracts by specialist
teams nuitside the hid team

* Enhanced legal process -
restructured and strengthened legal
team to ensure contracts are rigorously
assessed, and terms documented to -
the highest standards.

Operational contract delivery

* Operational Excellence Model
(QEM) - developed an OEM which
is being implemented across the
construction contract portfolio.
The OEM ensures rigorous process
management and consistent practices
are applied across the Group.
Compliance is assessed and
reviewed monthly.

Financial performance

* Financial oversight - financial
performance of every contract is
reviewed monthly, including a holistic
assessment of the risks and range
of potential outcomes to ensure
timely action is taken where
performance might deviate
from that in the bid process.

Senior management ownership

* Review process ~ rigorous and
clear guidelines in place to ensure
timely and proactive communication
to executive management and, if
necessary, Board level of on-the-
ground delivery issues.

10

Costain Group PLC | Annual Report and Accounts 2021

OUR BUSINESS MODEL

Infrastructure is adapting to meet dramatically changing needs driven by climate

change, population growth and the need for economic and environmental resi

There are huge opportunities to update, connect and integrate our infrastructure ecosystem to create a
better future. Doing this requires a new kind of company which brings together a unique mix of experts
across construction, consulting and digital. Everything that we do is rooted in delivery and organised
around our clients, anticipating and solving their challenges.

HOW WE HELP TRANSFORM UNDERSTANDING THE NEEDS OF OUR CLIENTS
INFRASTRUCTURE PERFORMANCE ACROSS THE INFRASTRUCTURE ECOSYSTEM

We work with clients to anticipate, identify and meet their
Client focus ~ challenges, helping us to deliver pioneering solutions right
Being curious with clients to across the infrastructure ecosystem.
understand.their.challenges.and.

deliver solutions that best meet
the needs of their customers ~
the end users.

Expertise

We have in-depth understanding
and expertise to solve challenges
across the entire infrastructure asset

life cycle.
HELPING

PEOPLE AND

THE PLANET
Capabilities THRIVE
Our complex programme delivery
experience combined with our
broader digital and consulting
capabilities enable us to deliver
better solutions.

People and culture
We have a mix of skills and diversity
across our workforce, with more than

4200 chartered professionals in our INFLUENCE, CREATE & DELIVER MAINTAIN, OPTIMISE
highly skilled teams. SHAPE AND + Engineering innovative | AND REPURPOSE
ADVISE solutions that are * Enhancing and
‘* Rethinking the sustainable, efficient maintaining existing
. approach to ~| and practical and deliver assets to ensure safe,
Innovation infrastructure * projects in a safer, efficient and cost-
We work in partnership with greener, faster and more effective operations
universities and businesses to * Developing efficient way
research and develop pioneering strategic solutions * Extending asset life
solutions, and to generate intellectual designed to or repurposing, while
optimise value < delivering economic

property rights
and reduce risk and environmental value

0) oRors|

‘Collaboration

We work closely with our supply
chain partners, clients and regulators
to ensure we are delivering the best
‘outcomes for the end users.

UNDERPINNED BY OUR COMMITMENT TO BE A RESPONSIBLE BUSINESS

We are committed to doing the right thing: our responsible business commitments are an integral part of our strategy.