Costain Group PLC
Annual Report & Accounts

2020

Company number: 01393773

FRIDAY

X

OT

07/05/2021 #161
COMPANIES HOUSE

|

A

Contents

Overview
Highlights

Company Overview
Why Invest in Costain?
Market Overview
(OurBusiness Model

Strategic Report
Chair's Statement

Chief Executive Officer's Statement
Responding to COVID-19

Strategy Implementation

Our Stakeholders

$172 Statement

Responsible Business

Non-financial Information Statement
Operational Review

Chief Financial Officers Review
Principal Risks and Uncertainties

Long-term Viability and
Going Concern Statement

Governance
Governance ata Glance
Board of Directors
Group Executive Board
Governance Report
Chair's Introduction
Case Study on Board Engagement
(Our Governance Structure
Board Leadership
‘Our Purpose, Values and Culture
Key Activities
Audit Committee Report
Nomination Committee Report
Directors’ Remuneration Report
Remuneration at aGlance

Annual Statement by Chair of
the Remuneration Committee

Remuneration Policy

Annual Report on Remuneration
Directors’ Report
Directors’ Responsibility Statement
Independent Auditor's Report

Accounts
Consolidated Income Statement

Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive
Income and Expense

Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
‘Company Statement of Financial Position
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
‘Company Statement of Changes in Equity
Consolidated Cash Flow Statement

‘Company Cash Flow Statement

Notes to the Financial Statements

Other Information
Five-Year Financial Summary

Financial Calendar and Other
Shareholder Information

Contact Us

or

&

Bee

4
6

2
24
2%
28
cy

36
40

44

46
a

52
82
54
38

62
64
1%
79
82
82

83
86

105
”
M2

120

ra)
122

124
125
126
127
128

181

182
185

Costain is a
smart infrastructure
solutions company

Our purpose is to improve people's lives.
We deliver integrated leading edge smart
infrastructure solutions to meet national
needs across the UK's transportation,
water, energy and defence markets.

Our services

Future shaping strategic consultancy

We work with our clients in their business and investment planning to
develop new solutions to meet changing needs, leveraging our deep
client insight, leading edge expertise and broad range of capabilities.

Consultancy and advisory

We improve our clients’ business performance by providing value
adding consultancy and advisory services, leveraging our deep client
insight, leading edge expertise and broad range of capabilities.

Digital technology solutions

We transform business performance and infrastructure intelligence
through the development and integration of leading edge digital
technology solutions built on our deep client insight.

Asset optimisation

We combine our deep client insight and leading edge expertise
to increase capacity, improve resilience, minimise downtime and
reduce our clients’ operating costs.

Complex programme delivery

Our complex programme delivery is safer, faster, better,
smarter and costs less as a result of our pioneering working
practices and collaborative behaviours,

Overview | Highlights

Highlights

* Operating effectively and profitably * Continued momentum in securing new

* In responding to COVID-19 all contracts continue work in line with strategic focus

to operate effectively with clear safety measures * £2.3bn of new contract awards and extensions,
and remote working in place. including £1.1bn of new contract awards and
extensions and £1.2bn of preferred bidder

* Adjusted operating profit of £18.0m (2019: en
positions at year-end.

£37.9m), despite financial impact of COVID-19,

in line with revised expectations. * £4.2bn order book.
* Statutory reported loss before tax of £96.1m * Strong year-end cash
(2019: £6.6m) includes significant charges in « Net cash of £102.9m (2019: £64.9m),
relation to the Peterborough & Huntingdon (P&H)
and A465 contracts. * Confident outlook for 2021 and beyond

* Substantial and growing infrastructure market,
positioned on significant long-term underwritten
investment programmes.

* Significant operational improvements made

* New leadership team, de-layered organisational
structure and improved contract selection and

risk management processes. * Confident in delivering growth in profits and

margins in 2021.

Adjusted" Group revenue Adjusted? profit before tax Net cash balance?

£1 070.5m £13.9m £102.9m

Reported Group Revenue Adjusted? basic earnings/(loss) Adjusted?
per share operating profit

£978.4m 5.8p £18.0m

Last year was a challenging year but we are proud of how well everyone at Costain responded and the resilience
shown across our business enabling us to continue to operate effectively with strict COVID-19 safety measures
in place.

We are pleased to report an adjusted operating profit of £18.0m, despite the financial impact from COVID-19.
The significant charges reported at the half-year relating to two contracts are clearly disappointing and
importantly we have taken robust steps to prevent such issues from reoccurring.

Last year, we continued to be successful in winning new contracts and preferred bidder positions worth
over £2.3bn with an increasing proportion of this work incorporating our broader service offering in line
with our strategy.

The UK Government has provided a clear strategic framework for UK infrastructure investment underpinned by
long-term underwritten investment programmes to support the UK Government's drive to level up economic
growth and to meet decarbonisation commitments. We are confident that Costain is in a good position to
capitalise on the opportunities in front of us and to grow our profits in 2021.

Before revenue impact of significant contract provision adjustments of £92.1m (2019: £20.0m) (see financial statements note 3 on page 139).

Before net other items of £10.3m (2019: £21.1m) and significant contract provision adjustments of £99.7m (2019: £20.0m) (see financial
statements note 3 on page 139).

‘Net cash balance is cash and cash equivalents less interest-bearing loans and borrowings (before arrangement fees of £1.2m).

01

Company Overview

We improve people’s lives
by delivering responsible
smart infrastructure solutions

0

What we do

We offer our clients leading edge solutions through
five core services which cover the whole lifecycle of
their assets: future-shaping strategic consultancy;
consultancy and advisory; digital technology
solutions; asset optimisation and complex
programme delivery.

Costain Group PLC
‘Annual Report & Accounts 2020

Why we do it

Costain’s purpose is to improve people’s lives by
helping to: connect and keep the nation moving,

* keep water clean and flowing, power communities
sustainably and keep people safe.

How we do it

We deliver integrated
leading edge smart
infrastructure solutions to
meet national needs across
the UK's transportation,
water, energy and defence
markets.

‘Soe pages 12 and 13 for
‘our business model

Our markets
Transportation Water Energy Defence
We connect and keep We keep water clean We power communities We keep the
the nation moving and flowing sustainably nation safe
Seo more on page 08 See moro on page 09 See more on page 10 Seo more on

B see pages 06 to 11 for more information on our markets

Overview | Company Overview

Our Leading Edge strategy

Our Leading Edge strategy closely aligns our services to meet the
changing needs of our blue-chip clients whose major spending plans
are underpinned by strategic national needs, regulatory commitments,
legislation or essential performance requirements.

Our strategic priorities

Our strategic priorities drive continued progress and differentiation and
are linked directly to our Executive Board-sponsored implementation plan.

Assuring and enhancing Developing our skills
our performance and capabilities
Delivering innovative Leading as a
solutions responsible business

@ soo pages 22 and 23 for more information on our strategy implomentation

Delivered through our people

Our outstanding team, strong culture and embedded values

underpin everything we do. Our people are essential to the success

of our business and we are proud to have such a highly skilled, inclusive
and experienced team.

The COVID-19 pandemic has fundamentally changed the way that
we work. As we have adapted to the pressures of working during
lockdown, the wellbeing of our teams has been at the forefront of
our decision-making. Read more about our response to COVID-19
on pages 20 and 21 and about our purpose, values and culture on
pages 62 and 63.

0

Why Invest in Costain?

Costain Group PLC
Annual Report & Accounts 2020

Positioned for

future growth

The long-term, strategic nature of our client relationships and our positioning on key
infrastructure spend programmes across our core markets provides us with a strong
platform to accelerate the deployment of our higher margin services alongside our

complex programme delivery.

Strategically aligned
to meeting market
priorities

Focused on markets with
increasing committed spend
driven by the levelling-up
agenda, decarbonisation and
provision of essential services.

Long-term investment
plans driving sustainable
market growth as a result of
technological, demographic
and environmental change.

Well positioned on long-term
infrastructure programmes
across all of our markets.

@ Read more on pages 06 to 11

Awards and recognition

Top 50 Employers
for Women Consultants

Disability Confident

Long-term strategic
relationships, client
insight and domain
knowledge

Developed by working
alongside clients as trusted
advisors, understanding

their challenges and desired
outcomes to co-create the best
solutions and deliver leading
edge services.

Leveraging 155 years working as.
trusted delivery partners across
transportation, water, energy
and defence.

B Read more on pages 32 to 35

Repeat business

90%

Armed Forces Covenant

Our people

Focused, experienced
management team driving
Leading Edge strategy
implementation.

Broadening mix of skills and
diversity across our workforce,
with over 400 chartered
professionals.

Attracting and developing
industry-leading talent, bringing
a fresh perspective to our
clients’ challenges.

Supporting 15 PhDs who
collaborate with our projects to
provide insight and innovation.

B Read more on pages 50 ar

Our employees

¢ 3,100

across the UK

Race at Work Charter

BSI Kitemark for
Innovation Consultants

Overview | Why Invest in Costain?

Our purpose is to improve
people's lives and our vision

is to be the UK’s leading smart
infrastructure solutions company

Financial strength

Positive net cash position.

Positioned for growth with
strong momentum in new
orders, a £4.2bn order book,
new contracts and preferred
bidder positions of £1.2bn and
positions on some 60 major
live frameworks, with 27 won
in 2020

Strengthened balance sheet,
enabling the Group to capitalise
on the growing infrastructure
market opportunities

Read more on pages 36 to 39

Order Book

£4.2bn

at 31 December 2020

Preferred bidder

£1.2bn

at 31 December 2020

Leading as a
responsible business

* Responsible business priorities
aligned to the United Nations
Sustainable Development Goals.

* Committed to:
= creating a greener future

= ensuring Costain is a safe, inclusive
and great place to work, where
everyone can be at their best

~ enhancing the value that Costain
contributes to society.

* Robust corporate governance and
risk management processes.

Road more on pages 40 to 43

Our Leading Edge strategy
enables us to achieve our
purpose and vision

05

0.

Market Overview

Costain Group PLC
‘Annual Report & Accounts 2020

Spending Programmes

Costain position

A continually
evolving market

UK Government recognises the critical role of infrastructure in supporting a growing and globally
competitive economy and in decarbonising our environment. Reinforcing its commitment, UK
Government has also stated that the infrastructure and construction sectors are vital to the recovery
of the economy following the impact of COVID-19. As the graphic below shows, Costain is well placed
to support UK Government in delivering its infrastructure ambitions across our markets.

Our markets are underpinned by significant UK Government and regulated investment, including the
National Infrastructure Strategy, the Ten Point Plan for a Green Industrial Revolution and Energy
White Paper, the Defence spending review, Ofgem’s commitment to RIIO-2 and Ofwat's commitment
to AMP7, all of which are focused on delivering safer, better, greener, faster and more efficiently.

Costain position against UK major infrastructure spend programmes

Significant market opportunity

Our markets are underpinned by significant UK Government investment and regulatory commitments,
including UK Government's Build Back Better roadmap for recovery and its commitment of over
£600bn of gross public sector investment in infrastructure over the next five years.

Transportation

RIS2-£27.0bn HS2 P1&2

Water

AMP7

Energy

Ten-point plan Energy

Defence

Defence Budget

£27.4bn £40.0bn

Network Rail CP6 (2019-24)

£53.0bn

Investment in local and
devolved authorities

£20.2bn

£51.0bn

White Paper

£12.0bn

stimulating significant priv
investment to 2030

RIO-2

£30.0bn

£41.5bn

Defence Review 2020

£16.5bn

additional funding over 4 years
plus £5.0bn of existing
commitments

Highways England Smart
Motorways Alliance

Highways England Regional
Delivery Partnership

HS2 Enabling Works

1HS2 $1 and $2 Main Works

Network Rail CP6 ~ Gatwick Airport

Network Rail Design Services

Framework

Lancashire County Council Preston
tor road

East Sussex County Council
highways services

‘Anglian Water Strategic Pipeline
Alliance

Severn Teont Water capital delivery
programme

Southern Water capital delivery
programme

South Staffs Water‘consultancy
and asset management

Thames Water AMP7 PMO

United Utilities Managed Service
Provider

‘Welsh Water innovation funding

Yorkshire Water Technical Service
Framework

South Wales Industrial Cluster
Scotland Industrial Cluster
SSEN microgrid

U-Battery Developments Limited
advanced modular reactor

Cadent CMO

Dreadnought
AWE

Rolls Royce
Babcock Devonport
BAE

Overview | Market Overview

Bringing action to the consultancy market

2020 has been a year of gathering momentum for our consultancy business,
building firm foundations on which we will continue to deliver growth.

We continue to lead the South Wales Industrial Cluster deployment project working with
multiple partners to create a hydrogen economy, increase energy efficiency and avoid carbon
emissions while exploring opportunities for Carbon Capture Usage and Storage (CCUS) and
low carbon power generation to decarbonise industry in South Wales and support the green
industrial revolution agenda. In addition, 2020 has seen Costain working with Highways
England, Thames Water, Cadent, Yorkshire Water, TfL, First Group, Manchester Airports
Group, Babcock and many more clients

in a consulting capacity. Costain gained

external recognition for its consulting

work with the BCIA product innovation

of the year award, WICE Recognition

for Best Woman Consultant and

nominations for five other members of

our team. We were listed in the FT’s

Management Consultancy listings for

the second year running.

See more online at
== www.costain.com/casestudies/

Evolving our digital offering

In 2020, we made good progress towards achieving our vision of being the UK's
ing digitally enabled smart infrastructure solutions company.

We helped to reduce operating costs and save lives by making hundreds of remote pedestrian
level crossings safer. Our own technology team developed a reliable solar powered, wireless,
radar-based warning system called Meerkat. This will be deployed across the majority of
Network Rail’s remote level crossings in 2021.

Our digital technology capabilities continue to be focused around solving our clients’ most
pressing issues and helping them and our sector to make the changes required to design,
deliver and operate digitally connected and data-rich national infrastructure. Our U-Route
solution, which optimises the design process and improves project delivery certainty, won
British Construction Industry award for

Product Innovation of the Year.

2020 also saw us enhance our position
as a key provider of digital advisory
services to government by winning a
place on the new G-Cloud 12 and
Digital Outcomes and Specialists 4
{DOS4) frameworks where UK public
sector organisations can directly
procure hosting, software, advisory
and support services.

[] See more online at

= www .costain.com/c:

07

Market Overview continued

Transportation
We connect and keep
the nation moving

O8 Extn sroup ruc We deliver major infrastructure programmes in line with the levelling up agenda for
Annual Report & Accounts 2020 economic growth and which support the UK’s decarbonisation ambitions. We have
continued to deliver complex programmes which increase the capacity of the transport.
network, enhance the customer experience and improve journey times and safety.

Client need

Safe and seamless journeys; improving
network capacity and air quality; increasing

Improving national infrastructure by:
increasing productivity and effectiveness
in complex programme delivery

connectivity and data capture; transition to
a low carbon future and lowering capital
expenditure and maintenance costs.

assuring delivery by forecasting and
mitigating the risk of harm on major
schemes

matching the pace of infrastructure-side
technology to enable more efficient,
safer and greener journeys

As a specialist adviser and integrator of smart
transport digital technology, asset optimisation
and decarbonisation solutions, we have provided
tailored solutions to regional and local transport making roads safer by developing,
operators to help make the UK's roads safer integrating and maintaining the next
and greener. generation of digital message signs

helping clients achieve their carbon
reduction targets by making hydrogen
fuel a reality for transport

We are positioned across several nationally
significant infrastructure projects such as Highways
England's Regional Delivery Partnership and Smart

Motorways Alliance, the A14, HS2 and Crossrail. ensuring net positive biodiversity

In addition, we continue to support devolved gain using leading edge geospatial
government programmes which deliver UK technology

Government's levelling up agenda by offering maximising the socio-economic value
increased economic growth, connectivity and - of projects through implementing

Productivity. industry-leading social value initiatives

supporting the transition to zero
carbon transport.

‘Overview | Market Overview

Water

We keep water clean

and flowing

We continue to provide leading edge, technology-based solutions to UK water utility
companies across the lifecycle of their assets. In 2020 we were at the front end of clients’
delivery strategies in AMP7 helping them to drive safer, faster, greener, better and more
efficient capital programmes and asset operations.

Client need

Improved regulatory performance and
customer service; lower water bills;
digitisation of assets; increased asset
resilience; environmental protection; carbon
reduction and embedded social value.

Improving national infrastructure by:
significantly reducing programme
timeframes
digitising existing assets to optimise
performance
minimising water usage and
environmental impact
delivering efficiencies through effective
programme management and
collaborative innovation

offering better services to the client and
delivering regulatory outcomes early

ensuring zero interruption to supply to
improve customer service.

Across the water sector we provide a broad
range of integrated consultancy and digital
services to drive the efficient optimisation of
water and wastewater assets, transforming
performance, enhancing resilience, reducing
risks and minimising carbon emissions.

We continue to help water companies meet their
net zero carbon commitments through innovation
projects. For example, in collaboration with
Welsh Water, we have been working on the
Hy-Value project. This aims to convert sewage-
derived biogas into zero emission fuel that could
power Welsh Water's fleet of vehicles (as well as
those belonging to local councils)

09

Market Overview continued

Energy
We power communities
sustainably

10 costsin group ruc We continue to work with industry, transport and energy ut

ies to shape the decarbonised

AnnualReport Accounts2020 energy systems of the future. These will safeguard security of supply and support the UK's
journey towards net zero carbon, aligned with the UK Government's Energy White Paper
and £12 billion Ten Point Plan for a Green Industrial Revolution.

Client need

Decarbonisation; decentralisation; enhancing
efficiency; improving resilience and reducing
cost of decommissioning legacy assets.

.

Improving national infrastructure by:

decarbonising energy through innovative
hydrogen and decarbonisation solutions

enabling cost effective and large-scale
capture, transport and storage of CO,
reducing capital expenditure and
environmental impact of gas infrastructure
improving security of supply of remote
networks

assuring delivery certainty for major asset
optimisation and capital programmes

enhancing energy efficiency of industrial
processes and oil and gas infrastructure.

In 2020 we continued our important roles in the
South Wales and Scotland industrial clusters. We
looked at the infrastructure required for the
development of the hydrogen economy, for large
scale carbon capture, usage and storage (CCUS)
and transport. We also demonstrated the
feasibility of the concept of hydrogen ‘deblending’
for a first of its kind programme, bringing together
all the gas distribution networks to collaboratively
develop innovative hydrogen solutions that will
decarbonise energy for heat, transport, industry
and power generation.

We are collaborating to develop an advanced
modular reactor (AMR) which is being funded as
part of the Energy and Industrial Strategy’s
Energy Innovation Portfolio.