i COSTAIN

Creating a
sustainable future

+

Costain Group PLC

Annual Report and Accounts / z |

2023 5
2 *AD3QGIVT*

‘Company No. 1393773 Bi 23/05/2024 #270

COMPANIES HOUSE }

Costain Group PLC
Annual Report and Accounts 2023

We shape, create and deliver solutions
that transform the performance of the
infrastructure ecosystem.

Overview
Highlights

Our Purpose
Chair's Statement

Co

For the latest investor relations
information visit our website /
www.costain.com/investors

Strategic Report
Chief Executive Officers Statement
Ourstratesy
(Market Overview
Our Business Model
Purpose in Retion
Operational Review
Koy Performance indicators
Our Stakeholders
Environmental, Socal
‘and Governance (E56)
‘OureS6 Performance

‘The Task Force on Climate-related
Financial Disclosures (TCFO)

Metrics
Gender and Ethnicity Pay Gap

Chief Financial Officer's Review

Risk Management

Viability Statement

10
2
15

2
28
30

a
50

Governance

Board of Directors

Executive Board

Governance at aGlance

Chair's introduction

Board Evaluation

Our Governance Structure

S172 statement

Board Diversity

Purpose, Values and Culture

Workforce Engagement

Attendance and Composition

Other Board Matters

‘Audit and Risk Committee Report

Nomination Committee Report

Dicectors’ Remuneration Report
Remuneration ata Glance

‘Annual Statement by Chair of|
the Remuneration Committee

Directors’ Remuneration Policy
‘Annual Report on Remuneration

Directors’ Report

Directors’ Responsibility Statement

Independent Auditor's Report

sarasaegs

101
us
ne

Financial Statements
Consolidated income Statement

Consolidated Statement
‘of Comprehensive income
Consolidated Statement

of Financial Position

Company Statement

of Financial Position

Consolidated Statement

(of Changes in Equity

Company Statement

cof Changes in Equity

Consolidated Cash Flow Statement
Notes to the Financial Statements
Five-Year Financial Summary

Other Information

Financial Calendar and Other
Shareholder information

Contact us

13s

137

138

139

140
1a

186

187
189

Highlights

Financial highlights

Revenue

£1,332.0m

Strategic Report

Operating
profit

£26.8m

g g

z g Ef
zon [20

zonr_| [2022 35m)

Adjusted free cash Adjusted operating

flow! profit?

£72.0m

E E
z §
2021 2022 2023 - -|

£40.1m

6.3m
£40.1m

301m

2021 2022 2023

Governance

Operating profit
margin

2.0%

%
ron [2022
ax)

Adjusted operating

profit margin?

3.0%

2.6%
26%

2021 2022

Financial Statements

Basic earnings
per share

8.1p

Sap

2021 2022

(2.19)

Adjusted basic
earnings per share*

12.2p

2021 2022 2023

1 Adjusted free cash flow is defined as cash from operations, excluding cash flows relating to adjusting items and pension deficit contributions, less taxation and capital expenditure.

2 See notes 2 t0.4 of the financial statements for adjusted metric details and definitions, and reconciliation to reported metrics.

Non-financial highlights

Safety

0.12 LTIR

Oasunim

0.09 TTR

2021 2022

Social contribution

£460k

231k

200k

2021 2022

Environmental impact

319,233 tCOve

z |e |g
wn _| [ron

Py

See our KPIs for more information on the above / pages 28 and 29

Our ESG performance

Operating responsibly is integral to our strategic priorities of people, planet and performance,
underpinning how we operate and our expectations of our people, suppliers and partners.
For further information on our ESG performance please download our ESG Report.

eS

Download the ESG Report here / www.costain.com/our-culture/performance-and-reports/

Costain Group PLC
Annual Report and Accounts 2023

Our Purpose

Improving
people’s lives

Our vision
To create connected, sustainable infrastructure enabling people
and the planet to thrive.

How we do that
We shape, create and deliver pioneering solutions that transform the
performance of the infrastructure ecosystem.

Where we operate

Our focus is on four strategic markets in the UK: Transport, Water,
Energy and Defence and everything we do is rooted in delivering
solutions and is organised around our customers.

Transportation

Within the Transportation division, we support key customers such as Government transport agencies, as well as local and devolved authorities and private
regulated bodies. We report results in three sectors: Road, Rail and Integrated Transport.

Road Rail Integrated Transport

Natural Resources

Within the Natural Resources division we work with privately-owned utility, water and sewerage companies, with energy companies, and in defence,
with several public and private sector organisations. We report results in three sectors: Water, Energy, and Defence and Nuclear Energy.

Water Energy Defence and Nuclear Energy

Q

‘See our operational review / pages 22 to 27

Strategic Report Governance Financial Statements

Our ambition

Revenue and operating profit growth, with an adjusted operating
profit margin run-rate of 3.5% during the course of 2024, rising to
4.5% during 2025, and in excess of 5.0% thereafter.

a

‘See our strategy / pages 10 and 12

_ How we measure success
Our financial and non-financial KPls are on pages 28 and 29.

P]

See our risks / pages 43 to 49

Our stakeholders

We collaborate

more closely than

ever with customers,
partners, communities,
wider industry

and shareholders

to meet today’s
infrastructure demands.

See our stakeholder engagement / pages 66 and 67

Costain Group PLC
annual Report and Accounts 2023

Chair’s Statement

During 2023 Costain delivered
a strong operational and
cash performance.

During 2023 Costain delivered a strong set of financial results. The Group’s adjusted
operating profit! increased for the third year, our adjusted operating margin grew,
and we generated strong cash flow which exceeded market expectations.

Our financial performance is especially pleasing as it has been
delivered against the backdrop of some rephasing and rescoping
of several large-scale national projects, clearly demonstrating the
resilience of our multi-sector strategic focus and the strength and
flexibility of Costain’s operational and financial management.

Importantly, we are delivering against our operational targets to
increase our adjusted profit margin, targeting a 3.5% margin run-
rate in the course of 2024 and 4.5% the year after. Alex Vaughan,
CEO, discusses our ongoing margin improvement and our
enhanced bidding and delivery discipline on page 7. Helen Willis,
CFO, expands on our financial performance in the Financial Review
on pages 40 to 42

Our customers
There is a greater need than ever to update, connect and

“ws . - integrate infrastructure ecosystems to meet the needs of the UK's
We are deliveri ng wel ! on growing population, the impact of climate change and the need
our strateg ic ob, jectives for increased economic and environmental resilience, all while

delivering growth for the wider economy.

with an increase in our

We focus on long-term, strategic relationships with Tier 1

adjusted operating profit customers and Costain’s aim is to be the partner of choice for all
! . ‘our customers as they meet these challenges. We bring together
and margin. We continue a unique mix of engineering solutions for increasingly complex
. oy. problems, Our commitment to create connected, sustainable
to build a pipeline of future infrastructure is core to all our activities with Costain focusing on
ee our four key markets of Transport, Water, Energy and Defence,
opportunities for 2025 wtih sleuned on pages 13 and 16
”
and beyond. During 2023, the UK Government has had to balance its wish to
further invest in the country’s infrastructure with the impact of
Kate Rock inflation and rising costs on its spending plans. As a result, during
Chal 2023, we saw the Government and its agencies rephase and

rescope some large-scale infrastructure projects in Road and Rail.
We anticipate that changes may continue into 2024 and 2025.

Overview Strategic Report

Adjusted operating profit’

£40.1m

363m

0.1m

2021 2022

Alex discusses the priorities of the National Infrastructure
Commission's Second National Infrastructure Assessment on
page 8 and we outline our market opportunities in more detail
on page 12, We are seeing greater opportunity in the multi-year
growth plans announced in areas such as Water and Energy;

we expect the Water sector's AMP8 (Asset Management Plan)
programme to be at least twice the size of AMP7.

Sustainability

Costain’s Board continues its oversight of Environmental, Social
and Governance (ESG) matters. This year we completed a double
materiality assessment to help identify €SG focus areas, flagging
those with the greatest impact on Costain’s performance and
the issues on which we can have a significant impact, such as
climate change. We have developed an ESG programme to drive
deliverable actions and set long-term goals to 2030 against which
we can measure our progress. Our customers are increasingly
considering ESG matters in their decision-making and we are
working closely with them to mitigate their risks and realise their
opportunities in this area.

Through 2023, we have worked with the Science Based Targets
initiative (SBTi) to validate Costain’s near-term and net zero
ambitions. We are pleased to report that these were approved in
February 2024. During 2023, work has been ongoing to reduce
‘our emissions and engage collaboratively with our supply chain to
efficiently access accurate data. Carbon is a key issue for us; we
have updated our carbon management system to align with the
revised 2023 PAS 2080 standard and issued a low-carbon materials
mandate to our designers, engineers and supply chain.

‘We continue to trial the latest plant and equipment on our
projects, with positive feedback around the use of electric HGVs
and hydrogen-fuelled generators, We have also pioneered
innovative construction techniques such as the offsite 30 printing
of structures made with low-carbon concrete

Governance Financial Statements

Adjusted free cash flow?

£72.0m

E .
z a
2021 2022 2023

During 2023 we developed Costain’s first Social Value Plan which sets
out our approach to creating social, economic and environmental
value in our local communities. A proud moment for everyone at
Costain in 2023 was our 24/7 campaign with the Samaritans, with
more than £247k raised for our long-term charity partner. Further
details can be seen on page 73. Additional information on our ESG
policies and practices can be found on pages 32 to 38 and we also
publish a separate ESG Report which is available at www.costain
com/our-culture/performance-and-reports.

Our people

Our outstanding team is at the heart of everything that we do

and essential to the success of our business. Our unique mix of
construction, consulting and digital experts embody our core values
and behaviours, which helps create a culture where everyone feels
included and respected. The Board and | are highly appreciative of
‘our people and would like to thank them for the work they do.

| was delighted to meet many of our highly skilled and valued
workforce at the sites | visited during 2023. On Costain’s impact
days, where we focussed on carbon reduction and embedding our
learning organisation model, | enjoyed visits to AWE Mensa and
Devonport. The quality and commitment of our teams that | met

at Anglian Water SPA, A30, Heathrow, HS2 (Victoria Road Crossover
80x) and Southern Water was hugely impressive. The Board’s
workforce engagement activities are set out in more detail on pages
74 to 77,

1am pleased to see improvements in areas where we have taken
targeted action and that we have retained our Best Companies
accreditation as a ‘A Very Good Company to Work For’ in our 2023
engagement survey. More details about these initiatives can be
found in our case study on page 75.

1 See notes 2 to 4 of the financial statements for adjusted metric details and definitions, and reconciliation to reported metrics.
2 Free cash flow is defined as cash from operations, excluding cash flows relating to adjusting items and pension deficit contributions, less taxation and capital expenditure.

Chair’s Statement continued

Financial strengthening
We have been successful insignificantly increasing the financial
strength and stability of Costin June 2023, we were able to
announce that an agreement had been reached with the Trustees
of the Group's defined benefit pension scheme on the 31 March
2022 triennial actuarial funding valuation, together with anew
reduced payment contribution plan.

The new contribution plan from the Group to the Costain
Pension Scheme runs from 1 July 2023 to 31 March 2027 and is
for a payment of €3.3m per year which will increase inline wi
inflation (CPI) each 1 April. This replaces the previous contribution
plan to the Scheme, which from April 2023 would have increased
toan annual payment of £11.98m.

‘This reduction in payments to the defined benefit scheme has
provided better financial flex ‘more cash in
he strong funding level (97% funded at the

‘scheme funding level is above 101% as of 31 March each year,

then no cont

tions will be payable for the following year.

In July 2023, we successfully concluded negotiations with our
bank and surety facility providers for a new three-year agreement
‘of our bank and bonding facilities. The Group's new facilities
‘uns to September 2026 and comprises an €85m
reviously £125m),
‘and surety and bank bonding facilites totaling €270m (previously
££280m). It was good to see that National Westminster Bank
ned our banking group, alongside Lloyds Bank,

Capital allocation
Given the Group's improved financial performance, net cash
n and growth prospects, the Board took the view that
ssume dividend payments and declared an interim
dividend of 0.4p per ordinary share forthe six months ended
30 June 2023. Inline with our policy that dividends wi
typically be paid 1/3 as interim and 2/3 as final dividends, the
Board is proposing a final dividend of 0.8p for the period to
31 December 2023.

‘The dividend payments for 2023 match broadly the £3.3m per
the defined benefit pension
increased dividends may be considered by the
Board depending upon our underlying cash flow generation and
the pension scheme funding level (and any associated dividend
Group's policy

Board changes

‘We welcomed Steve Mogford and Amanda Fisher to the Board
‘on 1 November 2023 and 1 December 2023 respectively, as
independent non-executi tors. Steve and Amanda are
members of the Company's Audit and Risk, Nomination and
Remuneration Committees.

Steve is an experienced executive and non-executive director with
lefence and complex joint ventures.

‘Amanda was CEO of Amey, the engineering and infrastructure
company, from 2019 until 2022 and has considerable expertise
in transportation, infrastructure and defence.

Nell and Jacqueline for
Costain during their tenure,

Separately, Bishoy Army has also decided to step down from the
Board with effect from 31 March 2024. We are very grateful for
his jon to Costain, having joined the Board in June 2020
following the equity fund raise ea year. fully understand
and appre’ she sees Costain ina robust shape and well
set for future growth, he wishes to step down from the Board to
commit to his other significant global activities.

Looking ahead
keto thank our people, customers and

positive long-term outlook for UK
prospects for the Group. These market
the strategic progress made during the year, gives the Board

confidence in our future and that we will delves

creasing value
toal

‘our stakeholders.

Kate Rock
°

11 Mareh 2024

Governance Financial Statements

Strategic Report

Overview

Chief Executive Officer’s Statement

Strong performance in
key national markets

We delivered further growth in adjusted operating profit and margin, a continued
increase to our net cash position and have secured strong positions in our markets.

‘We delivered against

our strategic objectives in
key national markets.”

Alex Vaughan
Chief Executive Officer

See notes 2 to 4 of the financial statements for adjusted metric details and definitions,

and reconciliation to reported metrics.
\Net cash balance is cash and cash equivalents.

Free cash flow is defined as cash from operations, excluding adjusting items and
pension deficit contributions, less taxation and capital expenditure.

In 2023, we:

Delivered another strong operational and

financial performance:

= An adjusted operating profit of £40.1m, up 10.5% on
last year’.

A strong cash performance with a net cash position of
£164.4m? at the end of the year, well ahead of expectations,
resulting from an adjusted free cash inflow of £72.0m?, I note
that we have benefitted from positive year-end cash timings,
which if fully reversed in 2024 will result in us having cash at
approximately the same level at the end of this year.

‘An improved adjusted operating margin of 3.0%, an increase
on last year’s 2.6%. The margin in the second half of 2023
stood at 3.8%, demonstrating the increasing quality of our
business as we progress towards our stated margin goals.

An order book and preferred bidder book with the
combined total standing at three times 2023 revenue.

- Won a number of key contracts on long-term programmes.
— Delivered an industry-leading Lost Time Injury Frequency Rate.
Continued to strengthen our operational and

financial performance:

— Demonstrated predictable contract performance,
benefitting from strong risk management in work winning
and contract delivery.

Our risk management of contracts in the year delivered a
positive performance against the backdrop of the rephasing
and rescoping of some major contracts.

Finalised @ new three-year agreement for our bank and
bonding facilities.

'

Agreed a new payment plan with the Trustee of the
Company's defined benefit pension scheme, based on the
31 March 2022 triennial actuarial funding valuation and
‘ongoing contributions to the Scheme.

Further broadened our Tier 1 customer mix across our
growth markets.

Costain Group PLC
Annual Report and Accounts 2023

Chief Executive Officer’s Statement continued

Reported revenue

£1,332.0m £44.2m

§
& = E
Zz z &
2021 2022 2021 2022

+ Increased our positioning in growing markets:

— In our markets, national needs are growing as set out in
the National Infrastructure Commission’s Second National
Infrastructure Assessment (SNIA).

= We are positioned on primary investment programmes,
and have already secured key positions in Energy, Water,
Defence, Aviation and Highway programmes for the next
five years.

+ Asa result of our improved operational and financial
performance, we were able to resume dividend payments,
outlined on page 6.

i'm grateful for the hard work and support of all our employees
and partners during the year, both to deliver this progress, and to
navigate the challenging operating environment. Thank you

Our strategy

The Group benefits from being strategically positioned in four
key markets in which long-term investment continues to be

made (Transport, Water, Energy and Defence) providing us with

a strategic, diversified and resilient customer base. The National
Infrastructure Commission published its SNIA in October 2023,
which sets out the broad investment expected in infrastructure of
around £70bn per year across our markets, to be underpinned by
legislative and regulatory commitments.

We have explicitly chosen to work with customers who wish to
partner with a business such as ours to help them shape, create
and deliver their business plan commitments and investment
programmes, and to navigate the various challenges facing

their businesses. Our vision is to create connected, sustainable
infrastructure to help people and the planet to thrive and you can
read more about our strategy and markets on pages 10 to 14.

While we forecast long-term spending increases in our markets, due
to the present inflationary pressures on the UK Government, and
the pending general election, we expect the changing timescales
and spending levels that we have seen on some major infrastructure
programmes in 2023 to continue into 2024 and 2025.

1. See notes 2 to 4 of the financial statements for adjusted metric details and def
2. Net eash balance is cash and cash equivalents.

Adjusted profit before tax’

Net cash balance”

£164.4m

aigam
sam

2021 2022

At the end of 2023, our order book, where contracts are signed
and ready to proceed, was £2.1bn (FY22: £2.8bn), and our
preferred bidder book stands at £1.8bn (FY22: £1.6bn), see page
23 for further details. The total of order and preferred bidder
book of £3.9bn represents three times FY23 revenue, which is
market-leading.

At the end of 2023, we had more than £1bn of Group revenue
secured for 2024, representing more than 80% of forecast
revenue for the period. Our four chosen markets continue to offer
significant long-term opportunities for the Group, with water
investment, for example, set to double during the next regulatory
period, AMP8.

Strategic priorities

Right across the Group we are focused on three strategic
priorities that will deliver for all of our stakeholders: People,
Planet and Performance.

PEOPLE - Ensuring safety, diversity, inclusion, and positive social
impact for our people and the wider community are key values for
the Group.

For more details on our work with ESG issues, please see pages
32 to 38. Safety is always our number one priority, and our Lost
Time Injury Frequency Rate in FY23 was 0.12 (FY22: 0.09) which
remains industry-leading

We continue to proactively address our gender pay gap and
in 2023 we launched a pilot programme to support women in
progressing in their careers, building on the feedback of our
employee networks. Following the success of the programme,
Costain will be rolling out a second intake in the first quarter
of 2024.

Costain plays a significant role in enhancing the prosperity of local
communities by channelling our spending with small and medium-
sized businesses (SMEs). In 2023 38% of Costain's spending was
with SMEs, exceeding the UK Government target of 33%, and
consistent with the FY22 performance of 38%.

jons, and reconciliation to reported metrics.

Overview

Strategic Report

PLANET — Caring for the environment is not an add-on for Costain
it is part of who we are. It is also a critical requirement of our
customers. We continue to implement our climate change action
plan, with an ambition to be net zero carbon by 2035. Absolute
greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions, including Scope 3, is one of
our key non-financial performance indicators (see page 29) and,
regardless of how much our business grows, we still reduce the
carbon dioxide we are releasing into the atmosphere.

Given the growth of ESG awareness and importance across
society, | note that our customers increasingly value our ESG
capabilities as a point of differentiation, and on pages 16 to 21
we discuss projects where we have demonstrated our skills.

PERFORMANCE -— This is where we work with our customers to help
shape, create and deliver their broader infrastructure requirements.

The key measures of our development as a business are:

* Financial performance (see page 28 for further details).

* Customer wins.

We continue to operate strong risk management processes on
contracts at pre-contract and contract stages, ensuring a robust
operational performance. In addition, we have secured further
opportunities with our customers, demonstrating our strategic
progress. Our strategy provides for assured delivery, lower risk
contracts in our orderbook, and a broader business mix.

We delivered good growth in our adjusted operating margin
during the year and we remain on track to deliver on our
operational targets as outlined in March 2023:

+ An adjusted operating margin run-rate of 3.5% during the
course of FY24, as we increase effectiveness within the
business through the implementation of our Transformation
programme and Operating Excellence Model (OEM), the
growth of our consultancy services, increased effectiveness
in procurement and ongoing focus on operating costs.

+ An adjusted operating margin run-rate of 4.5% during the
course of FY25, to be reached by improving margins within
complex programme delivery (construction contracts), further
efficiencies from our Transformation programme, our OEM
and an increasing mix of higher-margin contracts.

+ We continue to have an ambition for an adjusted
operating margin in excess of 5.0% as we increase our
mix of higher-margin business.

CO)

Governance Financial Statements

‘We have made good progress in securing new work that
demonstrates how we are working in deeper partnerships
with our customers. During 2023 we have:

* Expanded our presence in the Water sector with our first set
of AMPS wins and were appointed by United Utilities in July to.
extend our work as its Managed Service Provider for a further
two years. We have also had our AMP7 contracts extended
into AMP8 by Severn Trent Water and Thames Water. Post year-
end we began a new relationship with Northumbrian Water
Group when they appointed us to their AMP8 framework.

* Been appointed by NRS Ltd (previously known as Magnox)
to deliver its decommissioning programme, supporting the
Company across 11 sites and ensuring the safe and secure
closure of locations through to 2029.

+ Further grown our delivery partner consultancy roles
building on our current positions with AWE, Babcock,

Cadent and National Highways. We are also increasing our
activity at Heathrow, where we are working as a solution
delivery partner, providing construction, consulting and
digital capabilities during its next regulatory period.

+ Secured further strategic wins to provide consultancy advice
and support to bp and Yorkshire Water, and post year-end
with the Department for Transport (OfT), and Transport for
London (TFL)

Outlook

Our expectations for further progress in 2024 remain unchanged.
Asa result of our continued strategic and operational
development, we remain on track to deliver an adjusted operating
margin run-rate of 3.5% during the course of FY24 and 4.5%
during the course of FY25, in line with our ambition to deliver
margins in excess of 5.0%.

We remain mindful of the macro-economic and geopolitical
backdrop and its importance for near-term government
priorities and timing of spending. Notwithstanding this, with

our increasingly broad high-quality customer base, further
improvements to our operational performance, opportunities for
higher-margin business, strong cash position and clear strategic
priorities, we are well positioned for further growth in profits and
cash generation.

Alex Vaughan
Chief Executive Officer

11 March 2024

For more information visit our website / www.costain.com

10

Costain Group PLC

‘Annual Report and Accounts 2023 -

Our Strategy

We are at the forefront of helping meet many
of the UK’s infrastructure needs.

Our strategy focuses on transforming the UK’s infrastructure performance and safeguarding our planet.

Our integrated offering

As construction, consulting and digital partners
we bring together a mix of experts to engineer
solutions to the most complex infrastructure
problems. We have specifically chosen to work
with customers who wish to partner with us

to help them shape, create and deliver their
business plan commitments and investment
programmes, and navigate the challenges
facing their businesses.

Building Costain

There is a major requirement to update, connect
and integrate infrastructure systems in the UK,
which requires new ways of working.

1. We aim to grow a resilient customer base where
long-term strategic investment is being made
with emphasis on those customers where we
can collaborate closely to create connected,
sustainable infrastructure.

2. Our 150-year heritage of pioneering problem
solving, together with constant innovation,
enables us to deliver sustainable, efficient and
practical answers as construction, consulting
and digital partners.

3. We look to enhance the environmental and
social value that construction delivers with
an ambition to be net zero carbon by 2035.

At our core

Everything we do is rooted in delivery and
organised around our customers. We anticipate
and help solve their challenges, such as a
growing population, climate change, and
economic and environmental resilience

across the infrastructure ecosystem.

Our ambition

Revenue and operating profit growth, with an
adjusted operating profit margin run-rate of 3.5%
during the course of 2024, rising to 4.5% during
2025, and in excess of 5.0% thereafter.

We form strategic relationships with Tier 1
customers, forging long-term partnerships
which deliver their business plans.

We have enacted a Transformation programme
within Costain to streamline our organisational
structure, digitise to increase efficiencies and
refine our procurement processes.

At the same time, we recognise our wider
responsibilities and report on ESG matters
on pages 32 to 39 and in our separate ESG
Report at www.costain.com/our-culture/
performance-and-reports.