BETA Close X Costain Group PLC has been awarded a contract by Norfolk County Council to design and build new road infrastructure for the West Winch Housing scheme, a significant part of the overall £122 million project. Design work will commence this year with construction expected to start in 2027, and the new road will connect the A47 with the A10 to support up to four thousand new homes. This contract further strengthens Costain's existing infrastructure delivery in the east of England, including road upgrades, water pipeline projects, gas mains upgrades, and consultancy services for London Stansted airport. Disclaimer* Costain Group PLC 18 June 2026 Costain Group PLC 18 June 2026 Costain to deliver West Winch Housing New Road Costain Group PLC ("Costain") today announces that it has been selected by Norfolk County Council to design and build the new road infrastructure for the West Winch Housing scheme, enabling critical housing growth near King's Lynn, Norfolk. The contract is a significant part of the overall £122m scheme, with design commencing this year and construction expected to commence in 2027. Aligning with the Government's mission to drive economic growth by investing in the infrastructure required to support growth in housing, data centres and industrial development, this contract supplements Costain's existing involvement in delivering critical transport, water and energy infrastructure across the east of England, including: - road upgrades across 11 local authorities via the Eastern Highways Alliance Framework - hundreds of kilometres of new water pipeline to enhance the region's resilience to climate change and water scarcity and enable population and industrial growth, as part of Anglian Water's Strategic Pipeline Alliance - 1,625km of gas mains upgrades for Cadent, providing new gas mains for 168,000 homes - consultancy services to support the delivery of projects at London Stansted airport The new road will connect the A47 with the A10 to serve up to four thousand new homes planned south of King's Lynn. In addition to designing and building the new link road, Costain's role will also involve the creation of new roundabouts that will provide access to the new housing areas , a cycle path alongside the new road as well as dualling just under one mile of the A47 trunk road. Alex Vaughan, Chief Executive Officer of Costain, commented: "This award is built on our long-established highways delivery expertise and our proven track record in delivering best-in-class, value-for-money services for local authorities across the UK. "The West Winch Housing Road is an exciting project that will significantly improve people's lives and help support the local economy in the east of England and we're looking forward to working closely with our supply chain partners to deliver this new road safely and efficiently." Enquiries Investors and analysts Matt Jones, Costain matt.jones@costain.com +44 (0) 7860 922341 Financial media - Headland costain@headlandconsultancy.com Andy Rivett-Carnac Charlie Twigg +44 (0) 7968 997 365 +44 (0) 7946 494 568 Notes to editors Costain improves people's lives by creating connected, sustainable infrastructure that enables people and the planet to thrive. Through the delivery of predictable, best-in-class solutions across the transport, water, energy and defence markets, we are creating a sustainable future and securing a more prosperous, resilient and decarbonised UK. This information is provided by Reach, the non-regulatory press release distribution service of RNS, part of the London Stock Exchange. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Costain Group (COST) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 day ago Savannah Energy 1 day ago Barclays 1 day ago Schroder Income Growth Fund 1 day ago Fuller Smith & Turner 1 day ago Land Securities Group All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and