BETA Close X Costain Group PLC has secured a three-year extension to its Managed Service Provider contract with United Utilities, continuing its support for the AMP8 capital maintenance programme through the regulatory cycle. This partnership, initially established in 2019, will now extend to a decade and potentially through AMP9 until 2035. Costain's team of over 120 professionals delivers engineering, construction, asset optimisation, and project management services across the north west of England, having already completed over 900 capital maintenance projects and approximately 9,000 responsive maintenance activities. This extension is significant as United Utilities plans to invest £13.5 billion in regional water and wastewater infrastructure during AMP8, a substantial increase from AMP7's £3.8 billion investment. Disclaimer* Costain Group PLC 15 July 2026 Costain Group PLC 15 July 2026 Costain awarded three-year extension to United Utilities maintenance contract Costain Group PLC ("Costain") today announces that it has been awarded an extension to its existing Managed Service Provider (MSP) contract with United Utilities. Costain was first appointed by United Utilities as its MSP in 2019 and this three-year extension, during which Costain is expected to continue aiding the delivery of the AMP8 capital maintenance programme, takes the duration of this partnership to ten years and through the remainder of the AMP8 regulatory cycle. Costain's team of more than 120 professionals provides best-in-class expertise in multi-disciplinary engineering and construction delivery, asset optimisation and project management and leverages its deep understanding of the water sector to deliver a wide range of replacement, refurbishment and asset upgrade services across the United Utilities estate in the north west of England. On the MSP framework to date, Costain has delivered more than 900 capital maintenance projects and approximately 9,000 responsive maintenance activities, enabling United Utilities to meet more than 160 key regulatory commitments ahead of schedule whilst maintaining excellent safety, health and environmental performance. Costain is also a trusted partner to United Utilities as it invests £13.5bn in the region's water and wastewater infrastructure during the AMP8 regulatory cycle (AMP7 capital investment: £3.8bn), with an option to extend this relationship to the end of AMP9 in 2035. Alex Vaughan, Chief Executive Officer of Costain, commented: " We are a long-term, trusted partner to United Utilities and this latest extension is testament to our track record of delivering predictably and consistently. Across the north west of England, we are working closely with United Utilities and our local supply chain partners to build critical resilience into the region's water and wastewater infrastructure. We're continuing to achieve performance enhancing results by optimising existing assets and integrating engineering knowledge, innovation and best practice while maintaining the highest standards of safety and quality. " Enquiries Investors and analysts Matt Jones, Costain matt.jones@costain.com +44 (0) 7860 922341 Financial media - Headland costain@headlandconsultancy.com Andy Rivett-Carnac Charlie Twigg +44 (0) 7968 997 365 +44 (0) 7946 494 568 Notes to editors Costain improves people's lives by creating connected, sustainable infrastructure that enables people and the planet to thrive. Through the delivery of predictable, best-in-class solutions across the transport, water, energy and defence markets, we are creating a sustainable future and securing a more prosperous, resilient and decarbonised UK. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Costain Group (COST) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 day ago Savannah Energy 1 day ago Barclays 1 day ago Schroder Income Growth Fund 1 day ago Fuller Smith & Turner 1 day ago Land Securities Group All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and