Tuas Limited (ACN 639 685 975)
Corporate Governance Statement
 
 
page 1
 
 
Introduction 
The Board of Tuas Limited ACN 639 685 975 (the Company) determines the most appropriate corporate governance arrangements having regard to the 
best interests of the Company and its shareholders, and consistent with its responsibilities to other stakeholders. 
This statement outlines the main corporate governance practices the Company has implemented which, unless otherwise stated, comply with the 
Australian Securities Exchange (ASX) Corporate Governance Principles and Recommendations. The statement has been approved by the Board and is 
current as at 23 September 2026. 
Corporate Governance Council recommendation 
Company’s Compliance Status 
PRINCIPLE 1 – LAY SOLID FOUNDATIONS FOR MANAGEMENT AND OVERSIGHT 
1.1 
A listed entity should have and disclose a board charter 
setting out: 
(a) the respective roles and responsibilities of its board 
and management; and 
(b) those matters expressly reserved to the board and 
those delegated to management. 
The Board’s primary role is the protection and enhancement of long-term shareholder value. 
To fulfil this role the Board is responsible for the overall corporate governance of the Group including 
formulating its strategic direction, setting remuneration guidelines, appointing, removing and creating 
succession policies for directors, establishing and monitoring the achievement of management’s 
goals, ensuring the integrity of risk management, internal control and legal compliance.  
As at the date of this statement, the business of the Company comprises its holding of shares in a 
subsidiary in Singapore, Simba Telecom Pte Ltd (Simba).  Key operational decisions of Simba are 
made in Singapore by the CEO and Board of Simba. 
The Board Charter of Tuas, which defines the functions reserved for the Board, can be found under 
the investor relations section of the Company’s website at www.tuas.com.au/investors.html. 
1.2 
A listed entity should: 
• 
undertake appropriate checks before appointing a 
person, or putting forward to security holders a 
candidate for election, as a director; and 
• 
provide security holders with all material information 
in its possession relevant to a decision on whether 
or not to elect or re-elect a director. 
All appropriate checks will be carried out prior to appointing a new director. 
All material information relevant to the decision to elect or re-elect a director will be provided to 
shareholders in the notice of meeting. 
r personal use only
page 2
 
Corporate Governance Council recommendation 
Company’s Compliance Status 
1.3 
A listed entity should have a written agreement with 
each director and senior executive setting out the terms 
of their appointment. 
Written agreements are in place with each director and senior executive setting out the terms of their 
appointment. 
1.4 
The company secretary of a listed entity should be 
accountable directly to the board, through the chair, on 
all matters to do with the proper functioning of the 
board. 
The Company Secretary reports directly to the Board, through the Chairman of the Board, on all 
matters to do with the proper functioning of the Board. All directors have access to the Company 
Secretary, who advises the Board and its committees on governance matters and monitors adherence 
to Board policies and procedures. 
1.5 
A listed entity should: 
(a) have and disclose a diversity policy; 
(b) through its board or a committee of the board set 
measurable objectives for achieving gender 
diversity in the composition of its board, senior 
executives and workforce generally; and 
(c) disclose in relation to each reporting period: 
(1) the measurable objectives set for that period 
to achieve gender diversity; 
(2) the entity’s progress towards achieving 
those objectives; and 
(3) either: 
(A) the respective proportions of men and 
women on the board, in senior executive 
positions and across the whole 
workforce (including how the entity has 
defined “senior executive” for these 
purposes); or 
(B) if the entity is a “relevant employer” 
under the Workplace Gender Equality 
Act, the entity’s most recent “Gender 
Equality Indicators”, as defined in and 
published under that Act. 
If the entity was in the S&P / ASX 300 Index at the 
commencement of the reporting period, the 
measurable objective for achieving gender diversity in 
Tuas currently has no employees other than the Executive Chairman.  The business of the Company 
comprises solely its shareholding in Simba.   
Tuas’s Code of Conduct, which Simba follows, provides that all employees must treat all other 
employees and potential employees according to their skills, qualifications, competencies and 
potential and must not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, gender, sexual preference, age, 
marital status or disability.  
As at the date of this Corporate Governance Statement, the Company has not established measurable 
objectives for gender diversity in the workforce but does have a separate written diversity policy which 
is located at www.tuas.com.au/investors. 
The Company is not a “relevant employer” under the Workplace Gender Equality Act but was a 
member of the ASX 300 at the commencement of the reporting period.  The Company has, in its 
diversity policy, set the objective of achieving not less than 30% of its directors of each gender and it 
meets that objective.  
r personal use only
page 3
 
Corporate Governance Council recommendation 
Company’s Compliance Status 
the composition of its board should be to have not less 
than 30% of its directors of each gender within a 
specified period. 
1.6 
A listed entity should: 
(a) 
have and disclose a process for periodically 
evaluating the performance of the board, its 
committees and individual directors; and 
(b) 
disclose for each reporting period whether a 
performance evaluation has been undertaken in 
accordance with that process during or in respect of 
that period. 
The process for evaluating the performance of the Board, its committees and individual directors is the 
Chairman of the Board engaging with each of the directors at which time they are able to make 
comment or raise issues they have in relation to the Board’s operations. 
Performance evaluation has not been undertaken for the 2025/2026 reporting period. 
1.7 
A listed entity should: 
(a) 
have and disclose a process for evaluating 
the performance of its senior executives at least once 
every reporting period; and 
(b) 
disclose for each reporting period whether a 
performance evaluation has been undertaken in 
accordance with that process during or in respect of 
that period. 
The performance of the Chief Executive Officer is reviewed by the Board. The performance of other 
senior executives is reviewed by the CEO and Board of Simba. 
Performance reviews are undertaken throughout the year in accordance with this process. More 
information in relation to these reviews will be included in the Remuneration Report in the Company’s 
Annual Reports. 
PRINCIPLE 2 – STRUCTURE THE BOARD TO ADD VALUE 
2.1 
The board of a listed entity should: 
• 
(a) 
have a nomination committee which: 
– has at least three members, a majority of whom 
are independent directors; and 
– is chaired by an independent director, 
and disclose: 
– the charter of the committee; 
The Board will act as the Nomination Committee and as such has responsibility for the selection and 
appointment of directors, undertaking evaluation of the Board’s performance and developing and 
implementing a plan for identifying, assessing and enhancing directors’ competencies. 
When considering a new director appointment, the Board will give consideration to achieving an 
appropriate balance of professional skills, experience, independence, expertise and diversity on the 
Board. 
r personal use only
page 4
 
Corporate Governance Council recommendation 
Company’s Compliance Status 
– the members of the committee; and 
– as at the end of each reporting period, the 
number of times the committee met throughout 
the period and the individual attendances of the 
members at those meetings; or 
• 
if it does not have a nomination committee, disclose 
that fact and the processes it employs to address 
board succession issues and to ensure that the 
board has the appropriate balance of skills, 
knowledge, experience, independence and diversity 
to enable it to discharge its duties and 
responsibilities effectively. 
2.2 
A listed entity should have and disclose a board skills 
matrix setting out the mix of skills and diversity that the 
board currently has or is looking to achieve in its 
membership. 
The professional skills, experience and expertise of each Director are set out in Appendix A to this 
Corporate Governance Statement.  
The Directors possess a range of skills which, as a group, enable the Board to function effectively. 
The key skills of the Directors as a Group are: 
• 
Telecommunications, IT and media knowledge; 
• 
Financial acumen; 
• 
Strategy; 
• 
Commercial; 
• 
Legal, risk and compliance; 
• 
Mergers & acquisitions; 
• 
Marketing 
• 
Southeast Asian business experience.  
2.3 
A listed entity should disclose: 
• 
the names of the directors considered by the board 
to be independent directors; 
Refer to Appendix A - Board Composition 
r personal use only
page 5
 
Corporate Governance Council recommendation 
Company’s Compliance Status 
• 
if a director has an interest, position, association or 
relationship of the type described in Box 2.3 but the 
board is of the opinion that it does not compromise 
the independence of the director, the nature of the 
interest, position, association or relationship in 
question and an explanation of why the board is of 
that opinion; and 
• 
the length of service of each director. 
2.4 
A majority of the board of a listed entity should be 
independent directors. 
Refer to Appendix A - Board Composition 
2.5 
The chair of the board of a listed entity should be an 
independent director and, in particular, should not be 
the same person as the CEO of the entity. 
Refer to Appendix A - Board Composition.   
2.6 
A listed entity should have a program for inducting new 
directors and provide appropriate professional 
development opportunities for directors to develop and 
maintain the skills and knowledge needed to perform 
their role as directors effectively. 
Any new Board member receives an induction briefing from the Company Secretary introducing the 
Board member to the management accounts, board pack information, governance documents, key 
risks and future objectives of the Company. 
PRINCIPLE 3 – ACT ETHICALLY AND RESPONSIBLY 
3.1 
A listed entity should articulate and disclose its values. 
The Company values creating shareholder returns through business that is conducted by motivated 
employees operating with honesty and integrity focussing on supplying excellent value products for its 
customers.  
3.2 
A listed entity should: 
(a) have and disclose a code of conduct for its 
directors, senior executives and employees; and  
(b) ensure that the board or a committee of the board is 
informed of any material breaches of that code. 
Code of Conduct 
The Company is committed to maintaining the highest standards in dealing with all of its stakeholders, 
both internally and externally. The Company has adopted a written Code of Conduct to assist directors 
and staff in understanding their responsibilities to ensure the Company conducts its business in 
accordance with all applicable laws and regulations and in a way that enhances the Company’s 
r personal use only
page 6
 
Corporate Governance Council recommendation 
Company’s Compliance Status 
reputation. The Code of Conduct is followed by Simba and the Board requires that breaches of the 
Code of Conduct are reported by the CEO to the Board.  
A copy of the Code of Conduct can be found on the Company’s website at www.tuas.com.au.  
Securities Trading Policy 
The Company has a written Securities Trading Policy which identifies the principles by which the 
Company balances the investment interests of directors, senior executives and employees with the 
requirements for ensuring such trades only take place when all information relevant to making such 
investment decisions is fully disclosed to the market. 
Directors and senior executives are only permitted to deal in Company shares during a six-week 
period following the release of the Company’s half-year and annual results to the ASX, the annual 
general meeting. Notwithstanding this, the Board may in certain circumstances permit dealings during 
other periods. 
Directors must notify the Company Secretary in writing of all transactions in accordance with the 
requirements of Sections 205F and 205G of the Corporations Act 2001. The Company will notify the 
ASX of the details of any transaction on behalf of the directors. 
A copy of the Securities Trading Policy can be found on the Company’s website at www.tuas.com.au. 
3.3 
A listed entity should: 
(a) have and disclose a whistleblower policy; and 
(b) ensure that the board or a committee of the board is 
informed of any material incidents reported under that 
policy. 
The Company has a Whistleblower Policy which can be found on the Company’s website at 
www.tuas.com.au/investors.html.  The Board requires that any material incidents reported under the 
policy be reported to the Board.  
3.4 
A listed entity should: 
(a) have and disclose an anti-bribery and corruption 
policy; and 
(b) ensure that the board or a committee of the board is 
informed of any material breaches of that policy 
The Company has an Anti-Bribery and Corruption Policy which can be found on the Company’s 
website at www.tuas.com.au/investors.html.  The Board requires that any material incidents reported 
under the policy be reported to the Board. 
r personal use only
page 7
 
Corporate Governance Council recommendation 
Company’s Compliance Status 
PRINCIPLE 4 – SAFEGUARD INTEGRITY IN CORPORATE REPORTING 
4.1 
The board of a listed entity should: 
• 
have an audit committee which: 
– has at least three members, all of whom are 
non-executive directors and a majority of whom 
are independent directors; and 
– is chaired by an independent director, who is 
not the chair of the board, 
and disclose: 
– the charter of the committee; 
– the relevant qualifications and experience of the 
members of the committee; and 
– in relation to each reporting period, the number 
of times the committee met throughout the 
period and the individual attendances of the 
members at those meetings; or 
• 
if it does not have an audit committee, disclose that 
fact and the processes it employs that 
independently verify and safeguard the integrity of 
its corporate reporting, including the processes for 
the appointment and removal of the external auditor 
and the rotation of the audit engagement partner. 
The Board has responsibility for ensuring the integrity of the financial statements and related notes 
and that the financial statements provide a true and fair view of the Company’s financial position. To 
assist the Board in fulfilling this responsibility, the Board has an Audit & Risk Committee which has the 
responsibility for providing assurance that the financial statements and related notes are complete, are 
in accordance with applicable accounting standards, and provide a true and fair view. 
As at the date of this Statement, the Audit & Risk Committee is comprised of three non-executive 
directors, all of whom are independent, and is chaired by one of the independent directors, Craig Levy. 
The Board has adopted a formal charter which details the function and responsibility of the Audit & 
Risk Committee to ensure the integrity of the financial statements and independence of the external 
auditor. A copy of the charter can be found on the Company’s website at www.tuas.com.au.  
Details of the members of the Audit & Risk Committee and their qualifications are set out in the 
directors’ biographies in the Company’s Annual Report and in Appendix A to this Corporate 
Governance Statement.  
The Committee will meet at least twice a year. Details of Committee members’ attendance record at 
Committee meetings are disclosed in the Company’s Annual Report. 
The external auditors, other directors, and the Chief Financial Officer will be invited to Audit & Risk 
Committee meetings at the discretion of the Chairperson of the Committee. 
4.2 
The board of a listed entity should, before it approves 
the entity’s financial statements for a financial period, 
receive from its CEO and CFO a declaration that, in 
their opinion, the financial records of the entity have 
been properly maintained and that the financial 
statements comply with the appropriate accounting 
standards and give a true and fair view of the financial 
position and performance of the entity and that the 
opinion has been formed on the basis of a sound 
Declarations are obtained from the CEO and the Chief Financial Officer of Simba. 
r personal use only
page 8
 
Corporate Governance Council recommendation 
Company’s Compliance Status 
system of risk management and internal control which 
is operating effectively. 
4.3 
A listed entity should disclose its process to verify the 
integrity of any periodic corporate report it releases to 
the market that is not audited or reviewed by an 
external auditor 
The Company’s process to verify the integrity of any periodic corporate report it releases to the market 
that is not audited or reviewed by an external auditor includes review and sign off by the Executive 
Chairman and Chief Financial Officer, review and sign off by the audit committee who makes a 
recommendation to the Board and review and sign off by the Board.  
PRINCIPLE 5 – MAKE TIMELY AND BALANCED DISCLOSURE 
5.1 
A listed entity should have and disclose a written policy 
for complying with its continuous disclosure obligations 
under listing rule 3.1. 
The Company is committed to ensuring that the market is informed of all material information 
concerning the Company in a timely and accurate manner. Accordingly, the Company has established 
a Market Disclosure Policy to ensure that the market is properly informed of matters that may have a 
material impact on the price at which the Company’s securities are traded. A copy of the Market 
Disclosure Policy can be found on the Company’s website at www.tuas.com.au/investors.html. 
5.2 
A listed entity should ensure that its board receives 
copies of all material market announcements promptly 
after they have been made. 
The Company Secretary is responsible to pass copies of all material market announcements made by 
the Company promptly after they have been made.  
5.3 
A listed entity that gives a new and substantive investor 
or analyst presentation should release a copy of the 
presentation materials on the ASX Market 
Announcements Platform ahead of the presentation. 
The Company complies with this recommendation.  
PRINCIPLE 6 – RESPECT THE RIGHTS OF SECURITY HOLDERS 
6.1 
A listed entity should provide information about itself 
and its governance to investors via its website. 
The Company posts its Annual Report and major announcements on its website under the Investor 
Relations section and provides a link via the website to the ASX website so that all ASX releases, 
including notices of meetings, presentations, and analyst and media briefings, can be accessed. 
Historical information is also made available to shareholders on the Company’s website, including 
prior years’ Annual Reports. 
r personal use only
page 9
 
Corporate Governance Council recommendation 
Company’s Compliance Status 
6.2 
A listed entity should design and implement an investor 
relations program to facilitate effective two-way 
communication with investors. 
In addition to the above, the Company pro-actively arranges investor briefings at least twice a year 
following the release of the Group’s full-year and half-year financial results.  The Company has a 
functioning investor relations email address that is managed appropriately.  
6.3 
A listed entity should disclose the policies and 
processes it has in place to facilitate and encourage 
participation at meetings of security holders. 
Through its notices of meeting the Company encourages shareholders to participate at general 
meetings, either in person or by proxy. 
6.4 
A listed entity should ensure that all substantive 
resolutions at a meeting of security holders are decided 
by a poll rather than by a show of hands. 
The Company carefully considers the appropriate management of shareholder meetings and, where 
appropriate, causes resolutions to be decided on a poll rather than a show of hands. 
6.5 
A listed entity should give security holders the option to 
receive communications from, and send 
communications to, the entity and its security registry 
electronically. 
Shareholders are offered the opportunity of receiving communications via email. 
r personal use only
page 10
 
Corporate Governance Council recommendation 
Company’s Compliance Status 
PRINCIPLE 7 – RECOGNISE AND MANAGE RISK 
7.1 
The board of a listed entity should: 
• 
have a committee or committees to oversee risk, 
each of which: 
– has at least three members, a majority of whom 
are independent directors; and 
– is chaired by an independent director, 
and disclose: 
– the charter of the committee; 
– the members of the committee; and 
– as at the end of each reporting period, the 
number of times the committee met throughout 
the period and the individual attendances of the 
members at those meetings; or 
• 
if it does not have a risk committee or committees 
that satisfy (a) above, disclose that fact and the 
processes it employs for overseeing the entity’s risk 
management framework. 
The primary responsibility for identifying and controlling business risks lies with management of 
Simba. 
The Audit & Risk Committee, under delegation from the Board, plays an oversight role in ensuring that 
material business risks and their associated controls are regularly reported to the Board by 
management and that a satisfactory system of risk management and internal control is maintained. 
Information about the structure of the Audit & Risk Committee, which complies with the 
recommendations, is set out in section 4.1 above. 
7.2 
The board or a committee of the board should: 
• 
review the entity’s risk management framework at 
least annually to satisfy itself that it continues to be 
sound; and 
• 
disclose, in relation to each reporting period, 
whether such a review has taken place. 
The Audit & Risk Committee reviews the adequacy of the Group’s risk management practices. 
7.3 
A listed entity should disclose: 
• 
if it has an internal audit function, how the function 
is structured and what role it performs; or 
r personal use only
page 11
 
Corporate Governance Council recommendation 
Company’s Compliance Status 
• 
if it does not have an internal audit function, that 
fact and the processes it employs for evaluating 
and continually improving the effectiveness of its 
risk management and internal control processes. 
In addition to directly receiving comments from external audit, the Audit and Risk Committee reviews 
risk management and internal control at least annually through a process of obtaining documentation 
regarding process and risks and by questioning senior management on areas considered at risk. 
7.4 
A listed entity should disclose whether it has any 
material exposure to economic, environmental and 
social sustainability risks and, if it does, how it 
manages or intends to manage those risks. 
The risks to which the Group is exposed are included in the Company’s Annual Report. 
PRINCIPLE 8 – REMUNERATE FAIRLY AND RESPONSIBLY 
8.1 
The board of a listed entity should: 
• 
have a remuneration committee which: 
– has at least three members, a majority of whom 
are independent directors; and 
– is chaired by an independent director, 
and disclose: 
– the charter of the committee; 
– the members of the committee; and 
– as at the end of each reporting period, the 
number of times the committee met throughout 
the period and the individual attendances of the 
members at those meetings; or 
• 
if it does not have a remuneration committee, 
disclose that fact and the processes it employs for 
setting the level and composition of remuneration 
for directors and senior executives and ensuring 
that such remuneration is appropriate and not 
excessive. 
The Remuneration Committee comprises four non-executive directors, three of whom are 
independent, and is chaired by one of the independent directors, Sarah Kenny. Details of the 
members of the Remuneration Committee are set out in the directors’ biographies in the Company’s 
Annual Report and in Appendix A to this Corporate Governance Statement.  
The Committee meets as required. Details of Committee members’ attendance record at Committee 
meetings will be disclosed in the Company’s Annual Report.  
The commercial operations of the Group are presently limited to Singapore and, as such, the board of 
Simba is ultimately responsible for determining the remuneration for Singapore and Malaysian 
employees, subject to any guidance from the Remuneration Committee.  
The Remuneration Committee reviews and makes recommendations to the Board on remuneration 
packages and policies applicable to directors. 
Further information will be set out in the Remuneration Report in the Company’s Annual Report. 
r personal use only
page 12
 
Corporate Governance Council recommendation 
Company’s Compliance Status 
8.2 
A listed entity should separately disclose its policies 
and practices regarding the remuneration of non-
executive directors and the remuneration of executive 
directors and other senior executives. 
The remuneration of non-executive directors and the remuneration of executive directors and other 
senior executives is set out in the Remuneration Report in the Company’s Annual Report. 
8.3 
A listed entity which has an equity-based remuneration 
scheme should: 
• 
have a policy on whether participants are permitted 
to enter into transactions (whether through the use 
of derivatives or otherwise) which limit the 
economic risk of participating in the scheme; and 
• 
disclose that policy or a summary of it. 
The Company has a performance rights plan. It is a condition of those programs that no beneficiary is 
permitted to enter into transactions (whether through the use of derivatives or otherwise) which limit 
the economic risk of participating in the programs. It is also a condition of the Securities Trading Policy 
that senior executives must not deal in shares for short term gain, being a period of three months or 
less.  
 
 
 
 
r personal use only
page 13
 
Tuas Limited ACN 639 685 975  
Corporate Governance Statement 
Appendix A - Board Composition 
Details of the experience and background of all current directors of the Company are set out below. 
 
David Teoh  
Executive Chairman 
Special Responsibilities 
Chairman of the Board 
David Teoh founded the TPG group of companies in 1986 and was the Executive Chairman and CEO of TPG 
Corporation Limited (formerly known as TPG Telecom Limited (ASX:TPM)) from 2008 until its merger with Vodafone 
Hutchison Australian Pty Ltd in July 2020.  Following the merger, he was Chairman of TPG Telecom Limited 
(ASX:TPG) until March 2021.   
David has been a director of Tuas Limited since incorporation on 11 March 2020. 
Bob Teoh 
Non-Executive Director 
Special Responsibilities:  Member of 
the Remuneration Committee. 
Bob Teoh is a businessman with shareholding and management interests in a number of companies operating in 
wide ranging industries.  He holds a Bachelor of Science in Economics from The Wharton School, University of 
Pennsylvania, and is currently a director of Teoh Capital, a private investment company.  
Mr Teoh was appointed a director on 28 July 2022. 
Sarah Kenny 
Non-Executive Director 
Special Responsibilities 
Chair of Remuneration Committee 
Member of Audit & Risk Committee  
Sarah Kenny is an accomplished and experienced legal adviser and director, having a 30 plus year career as a 
partner and consultant with global law firm Herbert Smith Freehills. During that time, she advised on a broad range of 
transactions and specialised in regulated industries including technology, telecommunications and media, gaming, 
wagering, and sport. She held a number of leadership roles including the Head of Sydney Corporate Group. 
She was a board member of the ASX listed Propertylink Group from 2017 to 2019, on which she filled roles on the 
Audit and Risk and the Remuneration and Nomination committees.  Sarah also has roles in sport including as Chair 
of the Advisory Council of Sport Integrity Australia. 
Sarah is a Graduate member of the Australian Institute of Company Directors. 
Ms Kenny was appointed a director on 14 May 2020. 
r personal use only
page 14
 
Craig Levy  
Non-Executive Director 
Special Responsibilities 
Member of Remuneration Committee 
Chair of Audit & Risk Committee  
Craig is currently the CEO of the Oscar Wylee group. Craig has led the company's rapid expansion, establishing it as 
a challenger brand in the eyewear industry in Australia, New Zealand, and Canada. 
Before Craig's role as CEO at Oscar Wylee, he was a long serving executive in the role of Chief Operating Officer for 
TPG Telecom. During his almost 19-year tenure with TPG, he held various senior positions, contributing to the 
group’s significant growth and success. At TPG Telecom, Craig was responsible for top revenue-generating 
products, such as Mobile SIM only, ADSL2+ with Home Phone, Fibre to the Basement, Business Fibre, NBN 
Broadband, and Fixed Wireless Broadband. Additionally, he managed integration responsibilities for various 
acquisitions made by TPG, including the reverse takeover of SP Telemedia, the acquisition of AAPT, and the 
acquisition of the iiNet group. 
During his time as COO, Craig oversaw TPG's network division, leading the integration of TPG, AAPT, and iiNet 
networks. He played a vital role in leading TPG's Consumer divisions, managing the business to become the second-
largest fixed-line operator in Australia with over 2 million customers. Before his journey with TPG, Craig held an 
executive role as Operations Director at Vox Telecom in South Africa. He was instrumental in growing the company 
into one of South Africa's largest ISPs, overseeing network and company-wide operations. 
Craig holds a Bachelor of Commerce degree from the University of South Africa and has completed Internetworking 
certifications from Lucent Technologies in Sophia Antipolis, France. 
Mr Levy was appointed a director on 1 December 2023. 
Joanna Ong Joo Mien 
Non-Executive Director 
Special Responsibilities 
Member of Remuneration Committee 
Member of Audit & Risk Committee 
Joanna is a Singapore citizen and resident. She holds a Bachelor of Accountancy from the National University of 
Singapore and a Master of Science (early childhood education) from Wheelock College, Massachusetts.  She is 
qualified Chartered Accountant of Singapore and an Accredited Member of Singapore Institute of Directors 
(M.S.I.D.).  
During her executive career, Joanna held roles as an Audit Senior for a Big 4 accounting firm, Assistant Vice-
President (Finance) and Vice President of Finance at substantial listed Singapore corporations in the 
telecommunications and media industries, and she currently owns and runs a consulting corporate services 
business.  
She formerly has been an independent director of a Singapore Exchange listed trust in the pay TV and broadband 
industry and a listed water and waste management solutions provider. She has experience as chair of the Audit 
Committee, Remuneration Committee and as a member of Nominations Committee in these listed companies.  
Joanna is an independent director and is a member of the Remuneration Committee and the Audit and Risk 
Committee. 
Ms Ong was appointed a director on 24 September 2025. 
r personal use only
page 15
 
 
 
r personal use only
page 16
 
Director Independence 
The Board considers that the number of directors and the composition of the Board are important for the success of the Company. 
The Board believes that maximum value for shareholders is best served with the current Board composition comprising five directors, with four being non-
executive directors of whom three are independent.  
The three independent directors currently are Sarah Kenny, Joanna Ong Joo Mien and Craig Levy. 
David Teoh, the Executive Chairman, is not independent as he is a substantial shareholder of the Company. The Board is of the view that the depth of 
experience and understanding that David has of the Company and of the industry in which the Company operates provides benefits that exceed those that 
may flow from having an independent non-executive director.  
Bob Teoh, a non-executive director, is not independent due to his family relationship with major shareholders. The benefits of Bob’s experience in 
commercial matters and detailed knowledge of the Company and of the industry in which it operates outweigh, in the opinion of the Board, the benefits of 
independence at this time. 
The Board believes that each director brings an independent mind and judgement to bear on all Board decisions, notwithstanding that the Chairperson of 
the Board is not independent. All directors are able to and do review and challenge the assumptions and performance of management to ensure decisions 
taken are in the best interest of the Company. 
Chairman of the Board 
The Chairman of the Board is an executive director of the Company. Nevertheless, the Board believes that David Teoh, in this role, brings the quality and 
independent judgement to all relevant issues that are required of the Chairperson of the Board. As Executive Chairman, Mr Teoh consults the Board on 
matters that are sensitive, extraordinary or of a strategic nature.
r personal use only
For personal use only