BETA Close X Galliford Try's Building business has secured a significant appointment to a new £750 million affordable homes framework with Sovereign Network Group. This framework will support Sovereign's goal of delivering over 2,000 homes annually across southern England. Galliford Try will participate in the mid and high-value bands for the London and East, and South regions, as well as the high-value band for the West region, reinforcing its ongoing momentum in the affordable housing sector. Disclaimer* Galliford Try Holdings PLC 21 April 2026 Galliford Try appointed to £750 million affordable homes framework Galliford Try's Building business has been appointed to a major new £750 million affordable homes framework by Sovereign Network Group. The new framework will help Sovereign, one of the leading developing Registered Providers, deliver its stated target of more than 2,000 homes per year across southern England. Galliford Try has been appointed to the mid and high-value bands for the framework across the London and East, and South regions, and the high-value band for the West region. Bill Hocking, Chief Executive of Galliford Try, commented: "We are delighted to have been selected by Sovereign for this major new framework, and look forward to working with them across their regions of operation to deliver much-needed high-quality homes for their customers. This framework builds on the momentum generated by our recent appointments to the Hyde Group framework, and first standalone contract for Clarion Housing Group at the City Place scheme in Chester." Galliford Try Bill Hocking, Chief Executive 01895 855001 Kris Hampson, Chief Financial Officer Kevin Corbett, General Counsel & Company Secretary Notes to editors Galliford Try Holdings plc is a leading UK construction group listed on the London Stock Exchange, and a member of the FTSE 250. Operating as Galliford Try and Morrison Construction, the group carries out building and infrastructure projects with clients in the public, private and regulated sectors across the UK. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Galliford Try (GFRD) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 54 minutes ago Taseko Mines Limited NPV (DI) 54 minutes ago Taseko Mines Limited NPV (DI) 54 minutes ago Xeros Technology Group 54 minutes ago Plus500 Ltd (DI) 54 minutes ago Capital for Colleagues plc All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and