Disclaimer* Galliford Try Holdings PLC 29 September 2026 GALLIFORD TRY HOLDINGS PLC EMPLOYEE SHARE TRUST TRADING PLAN Galliford Try Holdings plc (the "Company") announces that BWCI Group Limited, the trustees of the Galliford Try Employee Share Trust (the "Trust"), have entered into a trading plan ("Plan") with the Company. The Plan will run from 1 October 2026 to 26 March 2027. The trustees have instructed Peel Hunt LLP to acquire ordinary shares of 50 pence each in the Company for the Trust. Purchases will be made at the best price and limited to 126,500 in any single calendar month , to a maximum of 759,000 shares in total across the period. The shares are intended to be used to satisfy potential future vesting(s) to be made to employees under the various executive share incentive schemes. The Executive directors and persons discharging managerial responsibility of the Company, together with other employees, are potential beneficiaries under the Trust and are therefore treated as having an interest in such shares. The trustees have absolute discretion and independence in respect of any trading decisions it may make in respect of the purchase of the ordinary shares pursuant to the Plan. The Company's issued ordinary share capital, subject to settlement, is 100,842,882 ordinary shares of 50 pence each. For further enquiries please contact: Galliford Try Holdings plc Kevin Corbett, General Counsel & Company Secretary 01895 855001 Note to Editors Galliford Try Holdings plc is a leading UK construction group listed on the London Stock Exchange, and a member of the FTSE 250. Operating as Galliford Try and Morrison Construction, the group carries out building and infrastructure projects with clients in the public, private and regulated sectors across the UK. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Galliford Try (GFRD) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 day ago Legal & General Group 1 day ago Trustpilot Group 1 day ago Rio Tinto 1 day ago Trustpilot Group 1 day ago Ruffer Investment Company Ltd Red PTG Pref Shares All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and