BETA Close X Galliford Try's Environment business has secured a significant £110 million contract with Severn Trent Water for the River Mease Improvement project. This project, driven by Water Industry National Environment Programme requirements, involves constructing a 23km pipeline to convey flows from the Packington and Measham treatment works. The appointment strengthens Galliford Try's relationship with Severn Trent and underscores its expertise in delivering large-scale water and wastewater infrastructure projects crucial for environmental compliance and resilience. Disclaimer* Galliford Try Holdings PLC 03 September 2026 GALLIFORD TRY APPOINTED TO £110 MILLION RIVER MEASE IMPROVEMENT PROJECT Galliford Try, the UK construction group, announces that its Environment business has been appointed to a £110 million contract to deliver the River Mease Improvement project on behalf of Severn Trent Water. The project is being driven by Water Industry National Environment Programme (WINEP) requirements and will involve the creation of a 23km cross-country pipeline that conveys flows from the Packington and Measham treatment works. Bill Hocking, Chief Executive of Galliford Try, commented: "We are delighted to be strengthening our long-standing relationship with Severn Trent with a project of this scale and significance. Delivering the River Mease Improvement project reinforces our position as a leading delivery partner for complex, large-scale water and wastewater infrastructure projects that support environmental compliance and long-term resilience." Galliford Try Bill Hocking, Chief Executive 01895 855001 Kris Hampson, Chief Financial Officer Kevin Corbett, General Counsel & Company Secretary Notes to editors Galliford Try Holdings plc is a leading UK construction group listed on the London Stock Exchange, and a member of the FTSE 250. Operating as Galliford Try and Morrison Construction, the group carries out building and infrastructure projects with clients in the public, private and regulated sectors across the UK. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Galliford Try (GFRD) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 day ago Ondo Insurtech 1 day ago Ondo Insurtech 1 day ago Sunbelt Rentals Holdings, Inc. 1 day ago Savannah Energy 1 day ago Savills All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and