BETA Close X Galliford Try Holdings plc has announced its total voting rights and share capital as of May 29, 2026. The company's issued share capital comprises 100,328,441 ordinary shares, each with one vote, resulting in a total of 100,328,441 voting rights. There are no shares held in treasury, and this figure serves as the denominator for shareholders to calculate any notification obligations regarding their interests in the company under the Financial Conduct Authority's Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rules. Disclaimer* Galliford Try Holdings PLC 01 June 2026 1 June 2026 Galliford Try Holdings plc Total Voting Rights and Share Capital Galliford Try Holdings plc (LSE:GFRD, the "Company") announces that in accordance with the Financial Conduct Authority's Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rule 5.6.1, the Company's issued share capital on 29 May 2026 consisted of 100,328,441 ordinary shares of 50 pence each. Each share carries the right to one vote. There are no shares held in treasury. The total number of voting rights is therefore 100,328,441. The above figure may be used by shareholders (and others with notification obligations) as the denominator for the calculations by which they will determine if they are required to notify their interest in, or a change to their interest in, Galliford Try Holdings plc under the Financial Conduct Authority's Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rules. For further enquiries, please contact: Kevin Corbett, General Counsel & Company Secretary 01895 855 001 Notes to Editors Galliford Try Holdings plc is a leading UK construction group listed on the London Stock Exchange, and a member of the FTSE 250. Operating as Galliford Try and Morrison Construction, the group carries out building and infrastructure projects with clients in the public, private and regulated sectors across the UK. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Galliford Try (GFRD) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 day ago Canal+ SA 1 day ago PayPoint 1 day ago Premier Miton Group 1 day ago Braemar 1 day ago Hill and Smith All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and