BETA Close X Galliford Try Holdings plc is hosting investor site visits to two Southern Water locations in Hampshire to showcase its Environment business and its design, build, and maintenance services under the AMP7 and AMP8 Frameworks, demonstrating its support for regulated water companies' investment plans through 2030 and beyond. The company explicitly stated that no new material information or guidance will be provided during these visits, and presentation materials will be available online from 4:00 PM BST today. Galliford Try also announced its intention to release a trading update for the year ending June 30, 2026, on July 15, 2026. Disclaimer* Galliford Try Holdings PLC 07 May 2026 7 MAY 2026 GALLIFORD TRY HOLDINGS PLC INVESTOR SITE VISIT Galliford Try Holdings plc, a leading FTSE 250 construction group, is today hosting site visits for investors and analysts to two Southern Water sites in Hampshire. The purpose of the visits is to provide attendees with a deeper understanding of the Company's Environment business, and specifically to demonstrate how it is providing essential design, build and specialist technical and maintenance services for Southern Water, under their AMP7 and AMP8 Frameworks. These sites are exemplars of the range of services Galliford Try provides to major regulated water companies across the UK, supporting their strategic investment plans to 2030 and beyond into AMP9. The event will include site visits and presentations from the Environment team. No new material information or guidance will be provided. A copy of the presentation materials will be made available at https://www.gallifordtry.co.uk/investors/reports-presentations/ from 16:00 (BST) today. Galliford Try intends to release a trading update for the year ending 30 June 2026 on 15 July 2026. Galliford Try Bill Hocking, Chief Executive 01895 855001 Kris Hampson, Chief Financial Officer Kevin Corbett, General Counsel & Company Secretary Notes to editors Galliford Try is a trading name of Galliford Try Holdings plc, a leading FTSE 250 UK construction group. Operating as Galliford Try and Morrison Construction, the group carries out building and infrastructure (environment and highways) projects with clients in the public, private and regulated sectors across the UK. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Galliford Try (GFRD) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 54 minutes ago Taseko Mines Limited NPV (DI) 54 minutes ago Taseko Mines Limited NPV (DI) 54 minutes ago Xeros Technology Group 54 minutes ago Plus500 Ltd (DI) 54 minutes ago Capital for Colleagues plc All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and