Disclaimer* Galliford Try Holdings PLC 09 October 2026 The following amendment has been made to the 'Director/PDMR Shareholding' announcement released on 29/09/2026 at 09:00 under RNS No 6480W. The number of ordinary shares under the award and the number of ordinary shares sold have been amended slightly for all PDMRS. All other details remain unchanged. The full amended text is shown below: Galliford Try Holdings plc Notification and public disclosure of transactions by persons discharging managerial responsibilities and persons closely associated with them in accordance with the Market Abuse Regulation. Galliford Try Holdings plc (the "Company") notifies that the following restricted ordinary shares of 50 pence in the Company, previously granted under the Galliford Try Holdings plc Annual Bonus Plan, were released on 28 September 2026 to the persons discharging managerial responsibilities ("PDMR") detailed below: PDMR No. of ordinary shares under the award Date of grant of the award Bill Hocking 46,462 27 September 2023 Kevin Corbett 15,836 27 September 2023 Mark Baxter 12,538 27 September 2023 Vikki Skene 11,820 27 September 2023 On 29 September 2025, the following PDMRs' ordinary shares were sold at £6,98 per share to meet tax withholding liabilities associated with the vesting of the aforementioned awards: PDMR No. of ordinary shares sold Bill Hocking 21,838 Kevin Corbett 7,127 Mark Baxter 6,269 Vikki Skene 5,910 The information below (set out in accordance with the requirements of the EU Market Abuse Regulation) provides further detail: 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / person closely associated a) Name Bill Hocking 2 Reason for Notification a) Position/status Chief Executive / PDMR b) Initial notification/Amendment Initial notification 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name Galliford Try Holdings plc b) LEI 213800MR6DRHCJIV8113 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Identification code Ordinary Shares of 50 pence each in Galliford Try Holdings plc GB00BKY40Q38 b) Nature of the transaction Release of restricted shares granted under the Galliford Try Holdings plc Annual Bonus Plan in accordance with the Plan rules. c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) Nil 46,462 d) Aggregated information - Aggregated volume - Price Not applicable - single transaction e) Date of the transaction 28 September 2026 f) Place of the transaction Outside a trading venue 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / person closely associated a) Name Kevin Corbett 2 Reason for Notification a) Position/status General Counsel & Company Secretary / PDMR b) Initial notification/Amendment Initial notification 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name Galliford Try Holdings plc b) LEI 213800MR6DRHCJIV8113 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Identification code Ordinary Shares of 50 pence each in Galliford Try Holdings plc GB00BKY40Q38 b) Nature of the transaction Release of restricted shares granted under the Galliford Try Holdings plc Annual Bonus Plan in accordance with the Plan rules. c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) Nil 15,836 d) Aggregated information - Aggregated volume - Price Not applicable - single transaction e) Date of the transaction 28 September 2026 f) Place of the transaction Outside a trading venue 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / person closely associated a) Name Mark Baxter 2 Reason for Notification a) Position/status Managing Director, Specialist Services / PDMR b) Initial notification/Amendment Initial notification 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name Galliford Try Holdings plc b) LEI 213800MR6DRHCJIV8113 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Identification code Ordinary Shares of 50 pence each in Galliford Try Holdings plc GB00BKY40Q38 b) Nature of the transaction Release of restricted shares granted under the Galliford Try Holdings plc Annual Bonus Plan in accordance with the Plan rules. c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) Nil 12,538 d) Aggregated information - Aggregated volume - Price Not applicable - single transaction e) Date of the transaction 28 September 2026 f) Place of the transaction Outside a trading venue 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / person closely associated a) Name Vikki Skene 2 Reason for Notification a) Position/status HR Director/ PDMR b) Initial notification/Amendment Initial notification 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name Galliford Try Holdings plc b) LEI 213800MR6DRHCJIV8113 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Identification code Ordinary Shares of 50 pence each in Galliford Try Holdings plc GB00BKY40Q38 b) Nature of the transaction Release of restricted shares granted under the Galliford Try Holdings plc Annual Bonus Plan in accordance with the Plan rules. c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) Nil 11,820 d) Aggregated information - Aggregated volume - Price Not applicable - single transaction e) Date of the transaction 28 September 2026 f) Place of the transaction Outside a trading venue For further enquiries: Galliford Try Holdings plc Kevin Corbett, General Counsel & Company Secretary 01895 855001 Notes to Editors: Galliford Try is a trading name of Galliford Try Holdings plc, a UK construction group listed on the London Stock Exchange and member of the FTSE 250. Operating as Galliford Try and Morrison Construction, the group carries out building and infrastructure projects with clients in the public, private and regulated sectors across the UK. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Galliford Try (GFRD) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 28 minutes ago Canal+ SA 1 hour ago Galliford Try 1 hour ago SSE 1 hour ago British Land Company 1 hour ago Taylor Wimpey All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Investor Meet Company Ltd Privacy and