BETA Close X Galliford Try Holdings plc has completed its third share buyback programme, repurchasing and cancelling 1,957,703 ordinary shares at an average price of approximately £5.11 per share, for a total cost of £10 million. This programme was initially announced on 17 September 2025. Disclaimer* Galliford Try Holdings PLC 23 April 2026 HEADLINE ALTERATION The headline for the Galliford Try Holdings plc announcement released on 22 April 2026 at 07:10 under RNS No 3769B should read 'Completion of Share Buyback Programme'. The announcement text is unchanged and is reproduced in full below. 22 April 2026 GALLIFORD TRY HOLDINGS PLC Completion of Share Buyback Programme Galliford Try Holdings plc ("Galliford Try"), the UK construction group, announces that it has completed its third share buyback programme, announced on 17 September 2025. Galliford Try confirms that, under this share buyback programme, a total of 1,957,703 ordinary shares of 50 pence each ("Ordinary Shares") were repurchased, and subsequently cancelled, at an average price of approximately £5.11 per Ordinary Share, and a total cost of £10 million. Galliford Try Bill Hocking, Chief Executive Kris Hampson, Chief Financial Officer Kevin Corbett, General Counsel & Company Secretary 01895 8550012 Teneo James Macey White 020 7260 2700 The person responsible for making this announcement on behalf of Galliford Try is Kevin Corbett, General Counsel & Company Secretary. Note to Editors Galliford Try is a trading name of Galliford Try Holdings plc, a leading UK construction group listed on the London Stock Exchange. Operating as Galliford Try and Morrison Construction, the group carries out building and infrastructure projects with clients in the public, private and regulated sectors across the UK. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Galliford Try (GFRD) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 54 minutes ago Taseko Mines Limited NPV (DI) 54 minutes ago Taseko Mines Limited NPV (DI) 54 minutes ago Xeros Technology Group 54 minutes ago Plus500 Ltd (DI) 54 minutes ago Capital for Colleagues plc All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and