BETA Close X Mark Baxter, Managing Director of Specialist Services and a Person Discharging Managerial Responsibilities at Galliford Try Holdings plc, sold 1,100 ordinary shares at a price of £5.10222 per share on March 26, 2026, on the London Stock Exchange, for a total transaction value of £5,612.44. This initial notification of the transaction was made in accordance with UK Market Abuse Regulation. Disclaimer* Galliford Try Holdings PLC 27 March 2026 Galliford Try Holdings plc Notification and Public Disclosure of Transactions by Persons Discharging Managerial Responsibilities and Persons Closely Associated with Them in accordance with the UK Market Abuse Regulation 1. Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / person closely associated a) Name Mark Baxter 2. Reason for the notification a) Position/status Managing Director, Specialist Services / PDMR b) Initial notification /Amendment Initial Notification 3. Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name Galliford Try Holdings plc b) LEI 213800MR6DRHCJIV8113 4. Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Ordinary shares of 50p each ISIN: GB00BKY40Q38 b) Nature of the transaction Sale of Shares c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price Volume Total £5.10222 1,100 £5,612.44 d) Aggregated information N/A e) Date of the transaction 26 March 2026 f) Place of the transaction London Stock Exchange (XLON) For further enquiries: Galliford Try Holdings plc Kevin Corbett, General Counsel 01895 855001 & Company Secretary Notes to Editors Galliford Try Holdings plc is a leading UK construction group listed on the London Stock Exchange, and a member of the FTSE 250. Operating as Galliford Try and Morrison Construction, the group carries out building and infrastructure projects with clients in the public, private and regulated sectors across the UK. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Galliford Try (GFRD) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 51 minutes ago Canal+ SA 1 hour ago PayPoint 2 hours ago Premier Miton Group 3 hours ago Braemar 3 hours ago Hill and Smith All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and