Disclaimer* Galliford Try Holdings PLC 06 October 2026 GALLIFORD TRY HOLDINGS PLC PUBLICATION OF ANNUAL REPORT AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2026 AND NOTICE OF 2026 ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING Galliford Try Holdings plc ("The Company") has today, in accordance with UK Listing Rule 6.4.3 and Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rule 6.3.5, submitted to the Financial Conduct Authority's National Storage Mechanism in unedited full text, copies of the following: · The Annual Report and Financial Statements 2026, ("Annual Report"). · Notice of 2026 Annual General Meeting, ("Notice"). · Form of Proxy for the 2026 Annual General Meeting ("Proxy"). The documents are also available for inspection at https://data.fca.org.uk/#/nsm/nationalstoragemechanism The Annual Report and Financial Statements and Notice of Annual General Meeting are also available on the Galliford Try website at www.gallifordtry.co.uk/investors/reports-presentations/ . A hard copy of the Annual Report, Notice and Proxy will also be posted to shareholders today who have requested them. The Company's Legal Entity Identified is: 213800MR6DRHCJIV8113. For further enquiries: Galliford Try Holdings plc Kevin Corbett, General Counsel 01895 855001 & Company Secretary Teneo James Macey White Victoria Boxall 020 7260 2700 About Galliford Try Holdings plc: Galliford Try Holdings plc is a leading UK construction group listed on the London Stock Exchange, and a member of the FTSE 250. Operating as Galliford Try and Morrison Construction, the group carries out building and infrastructure projects with clients in the public, private and regulated sectors across the UK. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Galliford Try (GFRD) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 hour ago CMC Markets 1 hour ago Shuka Minerals 1 hour ago Standard Life plc 1 hour ago MIGO Opportunities Trust 4 hours ago EPE Special Opportunities Limited (DI) All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and