Disclaimer* Galliford Try Holdings PLC 17 September 2026 17 SEPTEMBER 2026 THIS ANNOUNCEMENT CONTAINS INSIDE INFORMATION. THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS ANNOUNCEMENT IS NOT FOR RELEASE, PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION, DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, IN WHOLE OR IN PART IN, INTO OR FROM ANY JURISDICTION WHERE TO DO SO WOULD CONSTITUTE A VIOLATION OF THE RELEVANT LAWS OF SUCH JURISDICTION. FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE Galliford Try Holdings plc LAUNCH OF £15M SHARE BUYBACK PROGRAMME Galliford Try Holdings plc (the " Company "), the UK construction group, today announces that it intends to commence a share buyback programme, subject to market conditions, to purchase ordinary shares of 50 pence each in the Company (" Ordinary Shares ") for up to a maximum consideration of £15 million from the date of this announcement (the " Buyback "). The Buyback represents the fourth share buyback programme that the Company has undertaken in recent years, having returned £35m across three previous programmes, the most recent of which completed in April 2026. The Buyback will commence today, and it is the Board's intention that the Buyback will be completed within the current financial year, ending 30 June 2027. The purpose of the Buyback is to reduce the share capital of the Company and return funds to shareholders who wish to sell their Ordinary Shares. The Ordinary Shares purchased under the Buyback will be cancelled. The Company has entered into an agreement with Peel Hunt LLP (" Peel Hunt ") to initially conduct the Buyback, acting as "riskless" or "matched" principal in accordance with certain contractually agreed parameters. The agreement provides Peel Hunt with authority to carry out market purchases under the Buyback independently of the Company within the agreed parameters. Peel Hunt will conduct the first tranche of the Buyback, which will be for circa £7.5 million. The second tranche of the buyback will be conducted by Panmure Liberum Limited, the Company's Joint Broker. The Company will release a further announcement in due course confirming arrangements for the remainder of the programme. Any purchase of Ordinary Shares under the Buyback will be carried out on the London Stock Exchange and/or other trading venues. The Buyback will be conducted in accordance with the general authority to repurchase Ordinary Shares granted by the Company's shareholders at the 2025 annual general meeting and to be sought at the 2026 annual general meeting, as well as UKLR 9.6 of the Financial Conduct Authority's UK Listing Rules. All Ordinary Shares purchased under the Buyback will be purchased within the parameters as to price and volume as specified in the relevant shareholder authorities. Due to the limited liquidity in the Ordinary Shares, a buy-back of ordinary shares on any trading day may represent a significant proportion of the daily trading volume in the Ordinary Shares and may exceed the 25% of the average daily trading volume specified in the provisions of the UK Market Abuse Regulation dealing with buyback programmes and accordingly the Company may not benefit from the exemption contained in Article 5(1) of that regulation. The Company will announce all purchases of Ordinary Shares pursuant to the Share Buyback Programme by no later than the seventh daily market session following the calendar day on which such purchases occurred. The person responsible for making this announcement on behalf of the Company is Kevin Corbett, General Counsel & Company Secretary. Enquiries: Galliford Try Bill Hocking, Chief Executive 01895 855001 Kris Hampson, Chief Financial Officer Kevin Corbett, General Counsel & Company Secretary Note to Editors Galliford Try is a trading name of Galliford Try Holdings plc, a leading UK construction group listed on the London Stock Exchange. Operating as Galliford Try and Morrison Construction, the Group carries out building and infrastructure (environment and highways) projects with clients in the public, private and regulated sectors across the UK. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Galliford Try (GFRD) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 hour ago Mcbride 1 hour ago Trufin 2 days ago Schroder Real Estate Investment Trust Ltd 2 days ago Barclays 2 days ago Diageo All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and