BETA Close X Galliford Try's Building business has been appointed to the Department for Education's new £15.4 billion Construction Framework 25 (CF25), securing places on high-value lots for projects over £12 million across England, as well as low-value lots in London, the South East, and South West. This six-year framework, with an option for two one-year extensions, represents a significant opportunity for the company to continue its work in the education sector, a cornerstone of its business strategy. Disclaimer* Galliford Try Holdings PLC 18 February 2026 18 February 2026 GALLIFORD TRY APPOINTED TO £15BN DEPARTMENT FOR EDUCATION FRAMEWORK Galliford Try, the UK construction group, announces that its Building business has been appointed to the new £15.4 billion Department for Education (DfE) Construction Framework 25 (CF25). The business has secured places on the high value lots throughout England, for projects in excess of £12 million, as well as the under £12 million low value lots in the London, South East and South West regions. The CF25 framework will run for a six-year term with the option for two additional one-year extensions. Bill Hocking, Chief Executive of Galliford Try, commented: "We are delighted to continue working with our partners at the DfE on this framework that is crucial to delivering the high-quality educational facilities that students up and down the country deserve. Education has long been a cornerstone of our business and our Sustainable Growth Strategy, and we look forward to building on our strong track record in the sector in the years to come." Bill Hocking, Chief Executive 01895 855001 Kevin Corbett, General Counsel & Company Secretary Notes to editors Galliford Try is a trading name of Galliford Try Holdings plc, a UK construction group listed on the London Stock Exchange and member of the FTSE 250. Operating as Galliford Try and Morrison Construction, the group carries out building and infrastructure projects with clients in the public, private and regulated sectors across the UK. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Galliford Try (GFRD) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 54 minutes ago Taseko Mines Limited NPV (DI) 54 minutes ago Taseko Mines Limited NPV (DI) 54 minutes ago Xeros Technology Group 54 minutes ago Plus500 Ltd (DI) 54 minutes ago Capital for Colleagues plc All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and