BETA Close X Galliford Try Holdings PLC has been appointed to the Crescent Purchasing Consortium (CPC) Construction and Capital Works framework, a significant development that could positively impact its stock. This appointment covers all five regional lots across England, Wales, and Scotland for construction projects within the education and wider public sectors, with a maximum duration of eight years. The framework is valued at £9.5 billion and will encompass a broad range of new-build and refurbishment schemes, including schools, colleges, universities, healthcare facilities, and civic infrastructure. Disclaimer* Galliford Try Holdings PLC 21 July 2026 Galliford Try appointed to £9.5 billion CPC Construction and Capital Works framework Galliford Try has been appointed to the new Crescent Purchasing Consortium (CPC) Construction and Capital Works framework. The business has been appointed to all five regional lots across England, Wales and Scotland for the framework, which covers construction projects across education and the wider public sector for a maximum of eight years. It will support a broad range of new-build construction and refurbishment schemes from schools, colleges and universities to healthcare and civic infrastructure. Bill Hocking, Chief Executive of Galliford Try, commented: "We are pleased with our appointment to this new education-related framework, reflecting our position as one of the leading contractors for the sector. We look forward to working with CPC and its clients as we continue to develop high-quality educational facilities and wider public sector projects for communities across the country." Galliford Try Bill Hocking, Chief Executive 01895 855001 Kris Hampson, Chief Financial Officer Kevin Corbett, General Counsel & Company Secretary Notes to editors Galliford Try Holdings plc is a leading UK construction group listed on the London Stock Exchange, and a member of the FTSE 250. Operating as Galliford Try and Morrison Construction, the group carries out building and infrastructure projects with clients in the public, private and regulated sectors across the UK. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Galliford Try (GFRD) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 day ago Canal+ SA 1 day ago PayPoint 1 day ago Premier Miton Group 1 day ago Braemar 1 day ago Hill and Smith All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and