Disclaimer* Galliford Try Holdings PLC 01 October 2026 Galliford Try Holdings plc Notification and public disclosure of transactions by persons discharging managerial responsibilities and persons closely associated with them in accordance with the Market Abuse Regulation. Galliford Try Holdings plc (the "Company") announces that on 1 October 2026, Kris Hampson, Chief Financial Officer, was issued 10,887 ordinary shares of 50 pence each in the Company ("Ordinary Shares"), in respect of a 2 nd share buy-out award granted to compensate for awards forfeited on resignation from his previous position (the "Buy-out Award"). The Buy-out Award was issued to Kris Hampson using a price determined by the average share price of the Company's shares over a three month period to 30 March 2026. On 1 October 2026, Kris Hampson subsequently sold 5,117 Ordinary Shares in order to settle the tax liability arising from the issue of this Buy-out Award. In accordance with the Buy-out Award agreement, this transaction was executed at the same price as the Buy-out Award was issued, and was sold to the Company's Employee Benefit Trust. The information below (set out in accordance with the requirements of the EU Market Abuse Regulation) provides further detail: 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / person closely associated a) Name Kris Hampson 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/status Chief Financial Officer, PDMR b) Initial notification /Amendment Initial Notification 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name Galliford Try Holdings plc b) LEI 213800MR6DRHCJIV8113 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted Transaction 1 a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Ordinary Shares of 50 pence each in Galliford Try Holdings plc Identification code GB00BKY40Q38 b) Nature of the transaction Issue of Ordinary Shares c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) nil 10,887 d) Aggregated information - Aggregated volume N/A - Single Transaction - Price N/A - Single Transaction e) Date of the transaction 1 October 2026 f) Place of the transaction Outside of a trading venue Transaction 2 a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Ordinary Shares of 50 pence each in Galliford Try Holdings plc Identification code GB00BKY40Q38 b) Nature of the transaction Sale of Ordinary Shares c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) £5.342 5,117 d) Aggregated information - Aggregated volume N/A - Single Transaction - Price N/A - Single Transaction e) Date of the transaction 1 October 2026 f) Place of the transaction Outside of a trading venue For further enquiries: Galliford Try Holdings plc Kevin Corbett, General Counsel & Company Secretary 01895 855001 Notes to Editors: Galliford Try Holdings plc is a leading UK construction group listed on the London Stock Exchange, and a member of the FTSE 250. Operating as Galliford Try and Morrison Construction, the group carries out building and infrastructure projects with clients in the public, private and regulated sectors across the UK. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Galliford Try (GFRD) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 day ago Legal & General Group 1 day ago Trustpilot Group 1 day ago Rio Tinto 1 day ago Trustpilot Group 1 day ago Ruffer Investment Company Ltd Red PTG Pref Shares All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and