COMPANY NO. 11216008

Financial Statements 2025

Delivering
Sustainable
Growth

[suman

Strategicreport Performance
1 Ourinvestmentcase Revenue Adjusted operating profit’?
2 Business overview
4. Obusnsod £1,875.2m £40.6m
8 Chair'sstatement (2024 restated: £1,763.7m) (2024: £29.6m)
10 _Marketreview a
16 Ourstrategy
20 ChiefExecutive'sreview ~ Divisional adjusted operating margin*? Adjusted profit before tax?
22° Operatingsustainably 0,
Sey 3.0% £45.0m
28 Ourpeople
32 Environmentandclimate change (2024: 2.5%) (2024: £35.0m)
36 Communities
40 Clients
44 = Supplychain Profit before tax Adjusted basic earnings per share**
48 Humanrightsandmodernslavery
‘0 Fianiareviw £44.1m 34.4p
peratingreview
58 “Riskmanagement (2024 restated: £19.2m) (2024: 29.6p)
63 TaskForceonClimate-related
Earnings per share Full year dividend per share
sastatolere 33.7p 19.0p
e °
—<— (2024 restated: 27.3p) (2024: 15.5p)
Governance
Average month-end cash* Order book?
£179m £4.1bn
90 Governance review (2024: £155m) (2024: £3.8bn)
90  OurBoard'syear
90 Activities andsite visits
92 Focusareasindetail Net cash

94 — Cultureand Boardeffectiveness
96 | UKCorporateGovernance
‘Code compliance

Nomination Committee report

Financial statements

128 Independent auditor'sreport
137 Consolidatedincomestatement

138 Consolidated statementof
‘comprehensive income

139” Batancesheets

140 Consolidated and Company
‘statements ofchangesinequity _

141. Statements of cash flows
142_Notestothefinancialstatements
185_ Five-year record (unaudited)
186  Sharehoiderinformation

£237.6m

(2024: £227.0m)

© 6.3%increasein revenue to £1,875m, driven by AMP7 run-off in Environment
and robust Highways performance.

© 28.6% increase in adjusted profit before tax to £45.0m, driven by volume,
our quality delivery and considered operational management.

© 3.0% divisional adjusted operating margin, up from 2.5% last year, delivering
our previously communicated target one year ahead.

© Total dividend for the financial year of 19.0p per share up 22.6%.

© Well-capitalised debt-free balance sheet, £237.6m cash, average month-end cash
for the year of £178.7m, PPP asset portfolio of £38.6m and no pension liabilities.

© Completion of £10m share buyback programme, and new £10m share buyback
programme announced, reflecting strong cash performance, arecord order book
and confidence in the future.

© Non-cash restatement of prior year exceptional items relating to nmcn onerous
contract acquired.

1 Seenote 32 for areconciliation of statutory numbers to Adjusted Performance Measures,

2 Adjusted items or non statutory measures.

3 Average month-end cashis a non-statutory measure the Group refers to, being the average
month-end cash balance over the financial year. The cash balance used each monthis the
statutory cash and cash equivalents balance.

‘Cover image: our bolt-on acquisitions such as the purchase of AVRS in 2023are givingus further advantage
across the water industry's AMP8 cycle, adding to our in-house capability across higher margin capital
maintenance and asset maintenance work, where there is strong demand from our water clients.

Strategicreport

We are proud to be one of
the UK’s largest construction
companies, and are passionate
about our role in delivering
vital social and economic
infrastructure across the
country, making a real
difference to people's lives.

Delivering the
UK’s construction needs

“We have delivered our fifth consecutive year
of revenue and margin growth and continue
todemonstrate consistency with our results.
Demand within our markets remains strong,
as the UK targets its objectives of a productive,
connected economy, better infrastructure,
improved living standards, and resilience,
reinforced by June 2025's Spending Review.
With excellent teams, collaborative supplier
and client relationships, and an embedded
approach to risk, we are well positioned to take
advantage of the significant opportunities in
both our existing and newer higher-margin
adjacent markets.”

Bill Hocking
Chief Executive

Acompelling investment

Rigorous risk management

The vast majority of the work we undertake is procured via multi-stage
negotiation and early involvement, resulting in an equitable and agreed
allocation of risk betweenus and the client. We are highly selective, and
only pursue opportunities where we have the skills, resources and contract
terms and conditions to deliver successfully and profitably. Our strategy

of selectivity is underpinned by our sizeable order book and balance sheet.
strength, as described below.

© 99% of our order book is secured via negotiation.

© 80% of bid criteria is typically based on quality, safety, management skills,
and other expertise, with 20% based on price.

Apeople-orientated, progressive culture that delivers
for stakeholders

Weattract, retain and develop people who share our purpose, values,
objectives and approach to business. We empower them with the tools and
resources required to carry out their work, provide an environment where
they are motivated to give their best, and reward them competitively sothat
they deliver for our stakeholders.

© Consistently high, and above average, employee advocacy score of 87%.

© Voted the number one Construction and Civil Engineering company for
both Apprentices and Graduates by The Job Crowd.

Robust market opportunity

We have established positions in sectors with long-term drivers of

demand, including ageing social and economic infrastructure, which needs
tobe replaced, repaired or upgraded; the impact of climate change, and
population changes. We are also growing in higher margin adjacent markets
such as asset maintenance and optimisation in water, where the work
complements our capabilities, there is strong demand, and the risk profile
iswithin our appetite.

Investment in these key sectors was reinforced in June 2025's
Spending Review.
Our geographical footprint, and excellent client and supplier relationships

also give us an advantage by enabling us to successfully deliver work
nationally witha local approach.

© 93% of our clients are in the public and regulated sectors.

© 90% of our workis in long-term frameworks.
© 93% repeat business based on successful delivery.

Strong financial position

Our strong balance sheet is important to our clients, supply chain and
employees. It means we will be around to deliver for clients in the long term,
can pay our supply chain on time, and offer job security for our people. It also
enables us to invest in our business and people, and provides the agility to
react quickly to strategic opportunities when they arise. A strong balance
sheet also means we don't pursue work that doesn't have the right terms

for us, reinforcing our approach torrisk.

© Four acquisitions since 2021.

© £107.7m inclusive of the newly announced £10m share buyback returned
toshareholders since FY21.

© 352% total shareholder returns for the period from 1 July 2020
to30 June 2025.

@ See our Sustainable Growth Strategy to 2030 on page 16.

Annual Report and Financial Statements 2025 1

Business overview

A leading UK construction group

What we believe

Our purpose is to improve people's lives by
delivering the buildings and infrastructure
that communities need, while providing
opportunities for our people to learn,
grow and progress; working with our
supply chain to promote the very best
working practices; and caring for the
environment in which we work.

Moder Methods of Construction enable new heights
at The Rise

Pictured to the right, The Rise is a landmark project, which will become
cone of Cardiff’ tallest buildings, delivering 272 Private Rented Sector
(PRS) apartments, retail units, and amenity spaces. The projectis privately
funded by Lloyds Living, with Galliford Try Investments acting as the
client, and our Building division undertaking construction.

Situated ona tight site bordered by a railway station, this feat of
construction would not have been possible without our use of
Modern Methods of Construction. The project adopted off-site
fabrication, modular integration, and a streamlined assembly process
to overcome access challenges, enhance build efficiency and ensure
aconsistently high standard of quality across the development.

This included the use of pre-cast concrete panels that integrate
facade, floor planks, internal walls and stairwells; pre-assembled
bathroom and shower pods and MEPV (Mechanical, Electrical,
Plumbing and Ventilation) modules.

2 Galliford Try

Strategic report

Our vision and values

Our vision is to be a people-orientated,
progressive business, driven by our
values to deliver for our stakeholders
and the communities we work in.

R

Excellence
Delivering the best.

BY

Integrity
Demonstrating strong
ethical standards.

g &

Passion Collaboration
Committed Dedicated to
toallwe do. working together

to achieve results.

- Annual Report and Financial Statements 2025 3

Our business model

Aprogressive UK construction business

What we do

We are a major (tier one) contractor, leading the
overall management of a project, liaising with designers,
and selecting and managing subcontractors to carry out

works under our direction.

We operate predominantly as Galliford Try in England
and Wales, and as Morrison Construction in Scotland.

Our network of regional offices is a key advantage, offering

clients the benefit of national strength with local relationships.

Building

Operates across the UK, designing,
constructing and refurbishing assets
across markets where we have
significant expertise and opportunities,
particularly the education, defence,
custodial and health sectors. In addition,
we work with carefully chosen blue-
chip clients in the commercial sector

and have selectively re-entered the
affordable homes market. Our Facilities
Management (FM) business works with
Building, predominantly in the education
and health sectors. Its capabilities
include delivering high-quality,

full life-cycle solutions and green
retrofitting to enhance the sustainability
performance of client assets.

© ScantheQRcodetowatch
‘our What wedo' video.

4 Galliford Try

Infrastructure

Carries out vital civil engineering
projects across the UK. It comprises:
Environment where we work with

all 13 of the UK's major water and
sewage companies and are one of

the largest contractors in the market,
carrying out capital design and delivery,
alongside maintenance works and
asset optimisation.

Highways where we contribute
substantially to the national road
network and deliver large-scale
schemes for local authorities, as well
as active travel, maintenance work and
urban, multi-modal transport schemes.

Investments

Leads bid consortia and arranges
finance for major building projects via
public private partnerships, devises
and secures solutions for our clients
onan individual basis, and specialises
in managing construction through to
operations. We are now using these
skillsets to progress co-development
opportunities, with a focus on the
Private Rented Sector.

Specialist Services

Inaddition to our three main
businesses, we are growing our
Specialist Services businesses. These
include our fire-protection and facade
remediation specialists Oak Specialist
Services; our active security business
Asset intelligence; and our Digital
Infrastructure business, which offers
connectivity and 5G across the private,
defence and infrastructure markets,
and installs large-scale electric vehicle
charging infrastructure.

Strategic report

Who we work with

Around 90% of our work is with clients in the public and
regulated sectors, where we have a strong understanding
of client requirements, the market and risk profile.

Clients include major public sector bodies such as the
Department for Education, the Ministry of Defence,

the Ministry of Justice, the Department for Health and .
Social Care, and Homes England. In our Environment
business, we work with all 13 of the UK's largest water
and sewerage companies.

Meanwhile, our Highways business partners with
National Highways as well as local authorities, and
Investments works with major investment funds
and Private Rented Sector businesses.

Annual Report and Financial Statements 2025 5

Our business model
continued

How we do it

Identifying
opportunities

We seek opportunities within our chosen
markets and only pursue those where we

have the skills, expertise and resources

to successfully complete the work safely,
profitably and toa high quality. We work with
clients who value a collaborative approach and
long-term relationships, often by working under
frameworks (page 41). Public and regulated
sector clients use these frameworks to procure

Alignment to
risk appetite and
contract selection

Our businesses follow a well-established
contract selection process to ensure all aspects
of acontract’s terms and conditions satisfy our
strict criteria. Initial selection considers factors
‘suchas the scope of work, our geographical
presence, type of client, size of the project,
technical complexities, our experience of
similar projects, and supply chain and

resource availability in that area.

goods and services froma list of pre-approved
contractors, with agreed terms and conditions.
‘Once awarded, frameworks typically run

for four years and provide opportunities for
deeper, collaborative working, early planning
and mitigation of risk. They also support the
achievement of wider strategic and social goals,
create better understanding between parties,
and generate repeat business.

Our teams consider contracts meeting
these criteria and subject them toa rigorous
risk assessment. Alll contracts with avalue
exceeding £25m or specific risk parameters
require Executive Board review before
proceeding. Few projectsreach Executive
level that are not subsequently approved,
demonstrating cross-company alignment
toour strict risk appetite.

Assembling a team
and procuring products
and services

Planning and
managing
construction

Deliveringa construction project requires
different disciplines and specialisms. Our role
includes assembling the right team, including
subcontractors and consultants, who have the
skills, knowledge, experience and organisational
capability tocarry out the works.

Because most of the construction phase is
delivered with our supply chain, we align key
supply chain members with our culture and
develop collaborative relationships usingour
Advantage through Alignment programme.
This offers benefits such as training, enhanced

visibility of pipeline, and access to resources.
We choose our partners based on their
ability to deliver the work and improve social,
environmental and economic outcomes

for us and our clients.

(Our reputation as a prompt payer and
collaborative client who seeks mutually
beneficial relationships works to our advantage
when selecting supply chain partners,
particularly in times of high demand or

skills shortages.

‘We plan, manage, monitor and oversee the
project's construction phase, subcontracting
packages of work to specialist trade supply
chain partners.

Pre-construction and planning activities are
an essential part of managing a construction
project and we look to start as early as possible
to influence design decisions. During these
phases, we identify and mitigate risks such as
those relating to health and safety, resource,
build conditions such as presence of asbestos,

underground or overhead services, site
restrictions, ground conditions and logistical
challenges such as access or build restrictions.

‘During construction, we carry out the agreed
work, managing and monitoring safety,
programme, budget, quality and sustainability
requirements. We co-ordinate with the client,
designers and all contractors involved,

and supervise and track the overall works,
resolving any challenges that arise and
making any required adjustments.

Handover

6 — Galliford Try

Before handover, we check the project against
contractual requirements and ensure all final
installations and outstanding deliverables have
been completed.

The client then approves the project and we
typically issue a final completion certificate,
confirming we have handed over the project
in asatisfactory manner. In some instances,
we may also take on the maintenance of

the asset through our FM business.

Strategic report

How we make money

We operate in core markets which we know and understand,
and are targeting growth in both these markets and adjacent
markets, that are within our risk appetite and typically earn
ahigher margin (page 18). Inaddition, we earn revenue and
profit from our Investments and FM businesses, which offer
lower risk annuity type income and margin accretion.

We are awarded work based on outcomes such as our ability
to deliver safely and toa high standard, while meeting criteria
including social value and carbon commitments. This type of
procurement provides a far more mature, sustainable contract
environment with higher levels of collaboration between all
parties and a more equitable allocation of risk.

99%

of our work is secured via multi-stage
negotiation and early involvement.

Our clients typically score tenders ona quality basis,
as seenbelow.
Example of scoring criteria

Non-financial criteria

Management 20%
Project delivery 19%
Safety, Health, Environment and Quality 15%
Sustainability and carbon 8%
Social vatue 10%
Contract management 8%

‘Typical scoring criteria
© Nomfinancial 80%  C) Financial 20%

Benefits of multi-stage negotiation and

early involvement

© Improved buildability, programming, visibility and
management of construction risk, through earlier
collaboration between designers, contractor and
supply chain.

© Improved innovation, by enablingus to share expertise
and ideas early in the design phase.

© Reduced costs, by mitigating risks early, and making
fewer changes to designs.

© Faster delivery, asa result of better design, and more
efficient planning and mobilisation of resources.

© More reliable budgets and cost estimates.
© Lower operational and financial risk profile.

Pricing and procurement routes

Order book procurement

3%
0, of our order book
9 9 % is procured via
multi-stage negotiation
41%
Cz

O Single-stage (1%) (C) Negotiated (C) Twostage ©) Target/cost plus

Almost 100% of our order book is procured via some form
of negotiation, This comprises:

Target cost/cost reimbursable contract: a target cost plus our
overhead and profit are agreed, based on our initial estimate,
and builds in risk and inflation contingencies. Cost savings/
overspends against the target are shared between us and

the client.

‘Two-stage tendering: an initial information stage facilitates
early collaboration between us and theclient, helping to
ensure a safe and affordable design, cost certainty and project
timescales. We submit details under a pre-construction
agreement which typically includes early site investigation
works, project preliminaries, method statements, design,
construction costs, risk provisions, overheads and profit. Once
we have agreed a price based on the criteria developed in the
first stage, we move on to the construction/delivery phase.

Negotiated tendering: the client approaches us and we then
negotiate the terms of the contract and the price. The benefit
for the client is the speed with which they can obtain a price
for the work.

Single-stage tendering: the client will provide all of the relevant
information about their project requirements at the point of
issue and several contractors will compete for the contract
based on price. Drawbacks can include the loss of early
contractor input into buildability and risk of incomplete design
information while benefits are a fast bidding process.

Technical and operational improvements

Our focus on quality and digital drives margin by saving the
time and cost of redoing work and reducing waste, taking
a'Right first-time approach’. Digital tools aid operational
efficiency, enhance safety during construction and inuse,
drive quality and carbon, enable experts in niche areas to
deploy their skills nationally, provide improved governance
and control, and ultimately improve financial performance.

Modern Methods of Construction suchas off-site construction
techniques and factory assembly as alternatives to traditional
building similarly improve our efficiency and margins by
speeding up delivery, reducing labour costs, eliminating
unnecessary waste and improving quality.

Annual Report and Financial Statements 2025

Chair's statement

Arecord performance that proves our strategy

lam pleased with the
Group's continued progress,
as we report record
performance, a fifth year

of growth, and strong
momentum towards our
2030 targets, delivering
value for our shareholders,
clients and communities.

Alison Wood
Chair

8 — Galliford Try

The global economy faced significant challenges
in the financial year, with markets dealing with
the shocks of US tariffs, the ongoing war in
Ukraine, the impact of climate change, and,
inthe UK, a change of Government.

Our robust position has allowed us to withstand
these external stresses. Most of our clients

are inthe public and regulated sectors, and

are committed to long-term plans designed to
improve the UK's infrastructure and make the
country more resilient, as emphasised in June
2025's Spending Review. Labour's priority

is for national renewal, with construction
established asa tool tokickstart economic
growth, rebuild the country, unlock investment,
and improve living standards. Our Sustainable
Growth Strategy therefore places usin the
right markets to deliver on the UK's ambition,
as demonstrated by a record performance

for the Group and another year of consistent,
profitable growth.

Revenue increased by 6.3% to £1,875.2m
(2024 restated: £1,763.7m) and adjusted
operating profit increased by 37.2% to£40.6m
(2024: £29.6m). The combined divisional
adjusted operating margin was up 42bps at
3,0% (2024: 2.5%), delivering our previously
communicated margin goal one year ahead

of target, with improvement in both Building
and Infrastructure.

Cash continues to be a differentiator for
Galliford Try and, encouraged by a consistently
strong average month-end cash balance,

we completed our second share buyback
programme in May 2025 for a maximum of
£10m of ordinary shares where we repurchased
and cancelled 2,690,861 shares, at an average
price of approximately £3.72 each and atotal
cost of £10m.

On the back of an excellent cash performance,
arecord order book and confidence in the future,
we announced a further share buyback of upto
£10m on 17 September 2025. This represents
avote of confidence in our company, andan
additional way to return capital to shareholders
in line with our capital allocation policy.

Wealso used our market position and track
record to establish a beneficial Revolving
Credit Facility. While we can achieve all our
targets via organic growth, this provides
greater agility and resilience alongside our
already strong balance sheet, and is a further
mechanism to take advantage of potential
future growth opportunities.

Aprogressive culture, founded on
solid fundamentals

As Chair, itis my responsibility to oversee how
we monitor and assess our culture; howwe
manage our stakeholders’ interests, and how we
approach Environment, Social and Governance
(ESG) matters. This year, through my meetings
with the Board, our site visits, interactions with
employees and supply chain, as well as feedback
from our clients, | can confirm that the Group
has an aligned culture where the first priority

is safety. There is an embedded understanding
of what delivering sustainable profit entails,
and Chief Executive Bill Hocking has instilled
the importance of a'sustainable engine’,

which starts by pursuing projects that meet
our stringent risk appetite, and working to
agreed practices to deliver profit. Meanwhile,
astrong HR strategy, Grow Together, continues
to be successful, with 87% of our people
recommending Galliford Try as a great place to
work, and 68% confirming this vision has been
successfully communicated by the leaders at
Galliford Try. This third year of excellent survey
results is testament to the work of leadership
across the business. Employee advocacy for
the company is apparent too in our Board

site visits, our assessment of Board packs and
the presentations we receive from individuals
such as the Health, Safety & Environment
Director, the Head of Work Winning, the
Supply Chain Director, interactions with

senior management and feedback from the

plc Board-level Employee Forum.

Outside of the Group, we continue to make
a positive impactin the communities where we
work, generating more than £1,076m of social
and local economic value on projects that were
completed in the year through activities such

as volunteering, donating time, materials and
money, offering work experience opportunities,
upskilling SMEs, and purchasing goods and
services from local suppliers. Procurement
Policy Note (PPN) 002 Social Value Model,
introduced by the Government in February
2025 embeds social value at the heart of
central Government procurement, mandating
aminimum 10% weighting. Itis thereforea
fundamental way for the Group to secure
future work, alongside other strategic priorities
such as contributing to a low-carbon economy,
both through our own carbon footprint and by
supporting our clients to deliver low and zero
carbon buildings and infrastructure.

Key areas of Board focus

Managing risksis one of the plc Board's crucial
roles. Cyber security has become a major topic
across all companies, with recent high-profile
cyber attacks highlighting the importance of
vigilance and robust practice. The Group has.
increased the focus on raising our people's
awareness of cyber threats and invested
infurther training Encouragingly, cyber
security was one of the highest scoring

areas in the Employee Survey, with 94% of
people stating they have received sufficient

We remain committed to upholding the highest
standards of corporate governance and are
monitoring and reviewing the implementation
of changes required under the UK Corporate
Governance Code, in particular to Provision
29, the risk management and internal control
framework. While we meet many of its
principles already, we have set a path to
ensuring we have full compliance with the

new requirements by 1 January 2026.

plc Board changes

During the year, we welcomed Kris Hampson as.
Chief Financial Officer. Kris took over from the
outgoing Andrew Duxbury and brings a wealth
of financial expertise, including from a FTSE 100
background. He has proven to be an excellent
addition to the plcand Executive Boards,
bringing fresh ideas and constructive challenge
while quickly embedding himself in the team,
both among his peers and across all levels at

the Group.

Kevin Boyd, who joined as a Non-executive
Director on 1 March 2024, took up Marissa
Cassoni’s roles as Senior Independent
Non-executive Director and Chair of the
Audit Committee, following her departure
from the Board on 28 November 2024
after six years (see Governance report).

Strategicreport

Anexternal evaluation of the pic Board during
the year confirmed that we continue to benefit
from an excellent breadth of experience and
capabilities among Board members. As we
move forward, we will continue to ensure our
‘succession plans provide continuity for our
business, preserving institutional knowledge
and expertise and building a strong talent
pipeline for future leadership roles inline with
the Board's objectives to promote the long-term
sustainable success of the company.

Increasing shareholder value

Generating attractive returns and rewarding
shareholders is a comerstone of our strategy,
and since 2021, we have returned circa£107.7m_
inclusive of the newly announced share
buyback of £10m to shareholders, as shown
below. This year, the full dividend for the year
increased by 22.6% to 19.0p (2024: 15.5p).

Conclusion

The Groupis inexcellent shape as we move into
the second full year of our strategy to 2030,
supported by strong markets, an excellent team
and good client and supply chain relationships.
Ithank leadership, our people, partners and
subcontractors for their dedication and
contributions, as we deliver on our objectives.

training to recognise threats to our systems. 72 ’
We continue to monitor cyber resilience, .
receiving updates from the Group's Chief 7
Information Officer. Alison Wood
Chair
Strategy in action F1 7, 7 Returns to shareholders
—— (0) e m FY21-FY25
. inclusive of the newly announced £10m
Generating share buyback returned to shareholders
. since FY21.
attractive returns

We remain committed to delivering
long-term value to all our stakeholders,
including our shareholders. Inline with
this, we have returned circa £107.7m
toshareholders since FY21 through
acombination of dividends, including
aspecial dividend, and twocompleted
share buybacks and one newly announced
£10m share buyback. Our total shareholder
retum from 1 July 2020 to 30 June 2025
was 352%. This reflects our strong financial
performance, the success of our disciplined
capital allocation policy, and confidence in
the company’s outlook.

352%

total shareholder returns from 1 July 2020
to 30 June 2025.

© Dividend ©) Special dividend C) share buyback

Annual Report and Financial Statements 2025 9

Market review
Drivers of growth

The UK construction
industry entered

FY25/26 with renewed
momentum, driven by
Government priorities.
Major commitments from the
Spending Review (SR) in June 2025
provide multi-year support to the
sectors where we operate, with the aim
to promote long-term economic growth
through investment in infrastructure
and housing, while improving the

UK's resilience, driving productivity,
providing jobs and closing skills gaps.

Market opportunity

Further support for construction includes the
introduction of the Planning and Infrastructure
Billin March 2025. The Bill aims to speed up the
UK’s planning approvals processes, accelerate
infrastructure development and provide more
predictability by addressing long-standing
issues such as delays and inefficiencies in major
infrastructure projects.

Akey part of the reformis the creation of
the National Infrastructure and Service
Transformation Authority (NISTA). NISTAS role
isto provide more co-ordinated oversight and
strategic planning for infrastructure projects,
todrive better project execution, reduce
bottlenecks, and improve overall efficiency
indelivering national infrastructure.

Additionally, the construction sector has
been explicitly identified as a priority industry
as part of the Modern Industrial Strategy,

a 10-year plan launched in June 2025,

to increase business investment and grow
-the industries of the future in the UK.

Ageing social and economic infrastructure

Itincludes a £600m fundas aStrategic Sites
Accelerator focused on making strategically
important land development-ready by
fast-tracking infrastructure and planning
hurdles helping developers — and indirectly
construction firms — to access and deliver
on high-value projects across the UK.

Across the sectors listed across this section,
we have excellent framework positions that
will play to our advantage.

Water

Long-term underinvestment in water
infrastructure has resulted in an ageing
asset base that requires more frequent
maintenance or needs replacing.

© Clients must either build newassets or
focus on asset optimisation to extend the
operational lifespan of existing facilities.

© Poor asset conditions being exacerbated
by heavier and more intense rainfall,
which overwhelms ageing infrastructure,
causing sewage discharge and flooding.

© Statutory standards and regulatory
requirements set out by the Environment
Agency, Natural Resources Wales and the
Drinking Water Inspectorate are driving
investment to reduce spills from storm
overflows, improve wastewater treatment
standards and raise the quality of drinking
water. Implementation of the Environment
Act 2024 will provide a database of water
quality information ona scale that England
has never had before. The Act requires
utilities to continuously monitor water
quality upstream and downstream of the
majority of storm overflow and sewage
treatment works, which discharge into
watercourse.

Our response

© Weare now one of the biggest contractors
inthe sector, with a national water business
working with all 13 of the UK’s major
water and sewage companies. Weare
well positioned to serve their needs across
spending cycles, with our ability to respond
tolocal water plans.

© Targeted acquisitions have extended
our specialist capabilities to include
capital maintenance, asset optimisation
and Mechanical, Electrical,
Instrumentation, Control, and Automation,
giving us the ability to work across the
life cycle of client assets, to improve asset
efficiency, resilience and optimisation.

© Ourinvestment in digitalisation, including
digital twins and Al, is enabling us to:
optimise processes for clients through
improved safety during construction and
inuse; enhance quality through greater
accuracy, stronger governance and control;
deliver greater efficiency; leverage skills
nationally through remote working: and
drive net zero carbon commitments.

© Our carbon capabilities are, in turn,
enabling our clients to meet both their
ownnet zero carbon ambitions and their
objectives to deliver value for customers
inthelongrun.

£104bn

of investment announced by Ofwat through
the AMP8 period until 2030.

Sources: https://nic.org.uk/studies-reports/national-infrastructure-assessment/second-nia/#tab-challenges; https://www.ofwat.gov.uk/ofwat-approves-104bn-
upgrade-to-accelerate-delivery-of-cleaner-rivers-and-seas-and-secure-long-term-drinking-water-supplies-for-customers/

10 Galliford Try