Delivering
Sustainable
Growth

Annual Report and Financial Statements 2023

f svamnu

GallifordTry Annual Report & Accounts 2022

Delivering

Sustainable

Growth

Find out how our Sustainable Growth Strategy.

Champions a people-orientated,
progressive culture
We prioritise health, safety and wellbeing
above all and invest in retaining, developing
and attracting the right talent.

Read more p24 >

Delivers high-quality
buildings and infrastructure

Our approach to innovation, digitalisation,
low carbon and collaborative supply
chain relationships enables us to deliver
excellence for our clients.

Read more p36 >

Drives us to operate ina
socially responsible way

Across our operations, we seek to protect
the environment and make a positive
impact in the community.

Read more p30 >

Provides sustainable
financial returns

A disciplined approach to contract selection,
embedded risk management practices and
strong balance sheet ensures we earn a
sustainable return on the value we deliver.

Read more p45 >

Strategic report
02_Ata glance

04 Our business model
06" Our investment case
08 Chair's statement
10 Market review

Delivering Sustainable Growth
14 Our Sustainable Growth Strategy

18 Chief Executive's re
22_ Operating sustainably

A progressive culture

25 Health and safety

27 Our people

Socially responsible delivery

31. Environment and climate change
34 Communities

Quality and innovation

37° Clients

41 Supply chain
43__Human rights and modern slavery

Sustainable financial returns
45. Financial review

48. Operating review

52_Risk management
57. Task Force on Climate-related Financial
Disclosures

70 Stakeholder engagement and s172(1)
statement

Governance
74 Chair's review

76 Directors and Executive Board
78_Governance review

90_Nomination Committee report
94_Audit Committee report

98 Remuneration Committee report

102 Directors’ Remuneration Policy report
109 Annual report on remuneration

147 Directors’ report

121 Statement of directors’ responsibilities

Financial information
122 Independent auditor's report
130 Consolidated income statement

131 Consolidated statement of
comprehensive income

132 Balance sheets

133 Consolidated and Company statements
of changes in equity

134 Statements of cash flows

135 Notes to the consolidated financial
statements

174 Five-year record (unaudited)
175 Shareholder information

Strategic report Governance Financial statements

Financial performance

£1,394m £19.1m 2.4%

Revenue Pre-exceptional operating Divisional operating
(2022: £1,237m) profit before amortisation’ margin’

(2022: £18.5m) (2022: 2.4%)
£20.6m £10.1m £135m
Pre-exceptional profit Profit before tax Average month-end cash
before tax’ (2022: £5.4m) (2022: £174m)

(2022: £19.1m)

16.6p £8.7p 10.5p
Pre-exceptional earnings Earnings per share Full year dividend per share
per share’ (2022: £5.8p) (2022: 8.0p)

(2022: 16.0p)

1 See note 32 for our alternative

£3.7bn scr a

Order book
(2022: £3.4bn)

Leading on all fronts

“We are proud to be at the forefront of the vital role
construction is playing in the future of the UK.

“Construction is all about people, so we lead with the idea that
what we do makes a real difference to people's lives. We are
contributing to the decarbonisation of the UK, while unlocking
the potential of digitalisation and innovation to drive efficiency.
We are working in partnership with our supply chain to deliver
high-quality buildings and infrastructure for our clients and
communities, and we are leaving a positive legacy for wider
society through the skills, training and employment we provide.
This pursuit of long term-value for our stakeholders is key to
our success and is demonstrated across all our key performance
indicators, from revenue to margin and order book. Coupled with
our excellent market position and continued demand, we are
excited about the future and look forward with confidence.”

Bill Hocking
Chief Executive

Chief Executive's review p18 >

galllfardtry.co.uk 01

02

Galliford Try Annual Report and Financial Statements 2023

At aglance

A progressive
UK construction
business

We are playing our part in the What we
improvement of the UK's built believe

environment, driving forward the role

of construction as an agent of change Our purpose ;
To improve people's lives by building
the facilities and infrastructure that
—-> communities need, while providing

opportunities for our people to learn,
grow and progress; working with our
supply chain to promote the very best
working practices; and caring for the
environment in which we work.

Our vision

To be a people-orientated, progressive
business, driven by our values to
deliver for our stakeholders and the
communities we work in.

Our values
Excellence Passion
Striving to Committed and
deliver the best. enthusiastic in

all we do.
Integrity Collaboration
Demonstrating Dedicated to
strong ethical working together
standards with to achieve results.
openness and
honesty.

See People p27 >

Strategic report Governance Financial statements
LS

What we do

We are a major construction group, operating
predominantly as Galliford Try in England

and Wales, and Morrison Construction in
Scotland. Our network of regional offices is

a key advantage, offering clients the benefit
of national strength with local relationships.
Our approach to digitalisation and low carbon
capabilities are increasingly sought after by
clients in our sectors.

Building

Operates across the UK, designing, constructing
and refurbishing assets across markets where
we have expertise and significant opportunities,
particularly the education, health, defence,
custodial and commercial sectors. Our Facilities
Management business works with Building, with
an emphasis on the education and health sectors.
Its capabilities include delivering high-quality, full
life-cycle solutions to our clients.

A flagship carbon neutral research and development facility
Delivered for the National Manufacturing Institute Scotland,

Operating review p48 -> part of the University of Strathclyde (read more on page 40).

Infrastructure
Our Infrastructure di n carries out vital civil
engineering projects across the UK Who we

In the water and sewage sectors, we are one of the

:
Lee ence ne ae eee oreo work with

delivery and maintenance, and asset optimisation.

We primarily work with clients in the public

We contribute substantially to the national road
i and regulated sectors, where we have core

network, from major project delivery of large-scale

schemes to local authority works, maintenance and strengths and a track record, based on a strong

urban, multi-modal transport schemes. understanding of client requirements, the
market and risk profile. We focus on education,

Investments health, defence, custodial, highways and

Has expertise in leading bid consortia and environment, as well as the commercial sector.

arranging finance to devise and secure the

right solution on an individual basis, making us
attractive to clients. We specialise in managing
construction through to operations for major
building projects via public private partnerships.
These skill sets are now being used to progress
co-development opportunities, with a focus on the
PRS (Private Rented Sector).

We seek clients who value a collaborative
approach and long-term relationships,

for example by working in frameworks.
Frameworks are multi-year procurement
vehicles used by public and regulated sector
clients. They provide greater opportunities
for deeper, collaborative working and
support the achievement of wider strategic
and social goals, better understanding
between parties, early mitigation of risk
and ultimately repeat business.

87% 87% 82%

of ourorderbook of ourorderbookis of our order book
isin the publicand —_withrepeatclients. _is in frameworks.
regulated sectors.

gallitordtry.co.uk

Galliford Try Annual Report and Financial Statements 2023

Our business model

A progressive UK construction business

We are proud to deliver vital buildings and infrastructure

across the country that make a real difference to people's lives.

04

What we do

Building

Education Defence

& Custodial
Health Commercial/Other
Infrastructure

Build
Optimise

Maintain

Highways Environment

Investments

+ Manages construction
through to operations for
major building projects via public
private partnerships.

How we doit

Identifying
opportunities

We seek opportunities within our chosen
markets and only pursue those where we
have the skills, expertise and resources
to successfully complete the work safely,
profitably and to a high quality.

Alignment
to risk appetite
We assess risks to ensure all aspects

of a contract's terms and conditions
satisfy our strict criteria.

Risk management p52 ->

Assembling a team
and procuring products
and services

We assemble the right team, including
subcontractors, suppliers and consultants,
to carry out specific aspects of works such
as mechanical and electrical work.

P, te d f t People p27 >
+ Participates in co-development 5 chan p44.
opportunities, focusing on the wupply chain p41 —
PRS (Private Rented Sector).
Facilities Construction
Management We carry out the agreed work managing

+ Provides full life-cycle Facilities
Management (FM) solutions for
clients from the Building sectors.

safety, time, budget, quality and carbon
requirements, as well as programme,
resources and costs.

Lod

How we make money

We make a profit by
carefully selecting the
work we take on and
executing it well.

High-quality revenue

We target lower-risk contracts
that typically comprise:

Target cost/cost
reimbursable

An overall target contract
value is agreed with the client,
including margin, risk and
inflation contingencies, and the
actual cost of the work plus an
agreed fee is paid by the client.
Any cost savings or overspends
against the target are shared
between us and the client.

Fixed-price

The final price and programme
is negotiated on a sole basis
following early involvement,
resulting in a fixed-price for a
defined scope at point of final
contract award.

We earn revenue and profit
from our PPP Investments and
FM businesses, which offer
lower-risk annuity type income
and margin accretion.

Good capital management

Our business is typically cash
generative, as we receive regular
payments from clients as projects
progress. We do not require
significant investment in fixed assets
or working capital and deploy a
modest amount of cash for ongoing
investment in the business and for
investing in PPP or co-development
projects. This supports predictable
cash flow, margin improvement and
shareholder returns.

Capital allocation p47 >

Strategic report Governance
LS

Financial statements

Resources and relationships

Value we create

Discover more

regulated sectors.

People 3,747 Health
Success comes from our people so jobs provided. and safety p25
we attract, retain and develop the right
talent for our business, prioritising their 13,528 days People p27
health, safety and wellbeing and creating of learning and
an inclusive environment where they development
can thrive. provided. =>
Natural resources 69% Environment
Our building processes use natural reduction in Scope 4 and climate
resources, including land, materials and 2 carbon emissions, change p31.

since we sta
and energy. reporting them in 2012,

and excluding recent

acquisitions. +
Clients 87% of Clients p37
We carefully choose the sectors we wantto ur £3.7bn
work in and the clients we partner with. order book is for

the public and

=>

Supply chain

Our supply chain predominantly consists of
i) subcontractors - who operate on our sites

Gold status

from the Supply Chain
Sustainability School.

Supply
chain p41.

suppliers ~ who provide materials. 98%

of invoices paid

in 60 days. =>
Communities £328m Communities
Engaging with the communities where we of Social and Local p34
work enables us to deliver greater social Economic Value
value for them, and ensures we can carry out created through

e work we do.

our work effectively.

£347k

Charitable donations. =>
Financial strength 10.5p Financial
We maintain a robust balance sheet to give _—Full year dividend review p45,
clients, our supply chain and shareholders Per share.

reassurance that we are a financially
sustainable business.

gallitordtry.co.uk

=>

05

Galliford Try Annual Report and Financial Statements 2023

Our investment case

A compelling
investment

Our high-quality business, driven by a progressive
culture and leading positions in robust market sectors,
is generating increasing returns for our shareholders.

Robust market
opportunity

The UK's investment in economic and social
infrastructure remains resilient. This demand for
our services is underpinning growth in our existing
markets, where we have leading positions, and
adjacent markets where the nature of the work is
complementary to our existing capabilities, and
where risk profiles are within our appetite, and there
are higher margins to take advantage of.

Read more p10

Rigorous risk Bid opportunites
management

We have a strong culture of discipline and risk
management and only pursue opportunities where
we have the skills, resources and contract terms and
conditions to be successful.

Initial consideration
Heat map

We are selective about the work we take on and BU approval

prioritise bottom line growth over revenue. This drives
a high-quality order book which is characterised by

its longevity through frameworks; a repeat client base
who we know and can work collaboratively with; and
embedded cash and margin profiles. This leads to work Bids
we can execute with confidence in addition to pipeline
visibility, which enables us to effectively resource
projects with our people and supply chain.

Board approval (if needed)

selected

Read more p52 >

06

Strategic report Governance Financial statements

A progressive
culture

Our approach to running a good construction business
that can perform consistently and predictably revolves
around attracting and retaining the right people, who
share our purpose, values and objectives. We create

a productive working environment where people can
be themselves and are motivated to give their best, we
empower them with the tools and resources required
to carry out their work, and we reward them with
development opportunities, a comprehensive benefits
package and the flexibility to balance their personal
lives with their professional goals.

Read more p24 >

.
Strong financial
position

We are demonstrating a track record of consistent
and predictable financial results. Our robust balance
sheet is attractive to clients, as they seek to work
with contractors who can deliver for them in the

long term. it is also valued by our supply chain who
want prompt payment and forward visibility of work.
This, in turn, enables us to resource our projects
effectively in periods of high demand. Balance

sheet strength means we can invest in our people,
technology and business to develop our capabilities
and it gives us agility and the ability to react quickly to
strategic opportunities, including bolt-on acquisitions
aimed at enhancing our capabilities and driving up
margin. Finally, it reinforces our ability to maintain a
selective approach to the work we pursue. .

Read more p45 >

gallifordtry.co.uk

Galliford Try Annual Report and Financial Statements 2023

Chair's statement

A culture-driven
performance

A strong culture and progressive attitude are driving
great performance and delivering long-term value

for Galliford Try’s stakeholders

=>

Alison Wood
Chair

08

Overview

In my first year as Chair, | have been
impressed by the contribution the Group
is making to the future of the UK. This is
being achieved both through the buildings
and infrastructure the Group delivers,
and a legacy of education, training, and
investment in local initiatives, people and
businesses. There is a genuine focus on
wider societal benefit that is shared from
site to Board room, by passionate teams,
who are working towards a common goal,
with shared values. This starts with h
ealth, safety and wellbeing, and extends
to decarbonising the environment.

A successful construction company by

its nature must consider its stakeholders
and environment, and it is evident this
has been long-ingrained in Galliford Try's
culture, decision-making and operations.

The business is built on a strong foundation
of risk management which is embedded in
the culture of the business and drives
long-term sustainability.

Strategic report

Governance

Financial statements

Astrong performance driving
enhanced shareholder returns

This year has proven to be another
successful year for Galliford Try despite
industry challenges around inflation, skills
and material shortages, which now appear
to be easing.

Pre-exceptional profit before tax rose by
7.9% to £20.6m (2022: £19.1m) and by 23%
to £23.4m excluding the £2.8m contract
settlement previously announced. Divisional
operating margin remained robust at 2.4%.
Cash remains a differentiator for Galliford
Try and, encouraged by a consistently strong
average month-end cash balance, the Group
launched a share buyback programme in
September 2022 to repurchase up to £15m
of ordinary shares of 50 pence per share.
The Board is satisfied with the progress of
this buyback programme, with a total of
7,985,696 shares purchased and cancelled
as at 15 September 2023.

During the year, the Group resolved a
long running, complex and challenging
multi-contract dispute, which resulted

in settlement via a cash payment to the
Group of £26m, generating an initial cash
distribution by way of special dividend
declared by the Board of 12.0p per share
payable to shareholders in October 2023.

The Board's confidence in the outlook

has led to an improved dividend policy,

of earnings covering the dividend by 1.8
times. Alongside dividend growth from our
operational performance, this improvement
reflects the low-risk nature of the PPP asset
portfolio and its annuity interest income,
and provides a sustainable increase in
dividend to shareholders while retaining
capital to invest in growing the business.
Having paid an interim dividend of 3.0p,

up by 36% on the 2.2p per share paid in

the prior year, the Board has proposed a
final dividend of 7.5p per share (2022: 5.8p
per share). The total dividend for the year
is therefore 10.5p, up 31% (2022: 8.0p)

and in line with the improved cover policy,
reflecting the Board's confidence in the
Group's performance, outlook and strong
balance sheet.

Sustainable Growth Strategy

Progress is being made across all aspects of
the Group’s Sustainable Growth Strategy
with improvement in key areas including
margin and revenue. The acquisitions of
specialist businesses MCS Control Systems
and Ham Baker, during the year, have
further enhanced the Environment business,
while growth in Building and Infrastructure
is also contributing to strategic goals.

gallifordtry.co.uk

Underpinning the Sustainable Growth
Strategy are our four pillars of a progressive
culture, socially responsible delivery, quality
and innovation, and sustainable financial
returns. These Environment, Social and
Governance (ESG) pillars are a core part of
the Board's strategic focus, and also reflect
the needs of our stakeholders.

Monitoring and assessing
stakeholders’ interests and ESG

Monitoring and assessing how we engage
with our stakeholders, their interests and
how we manage ESG matters are significant
themes for the Board during decision-
making and form an important part of the
Group's Sustainable Growth Strategy, where
stakeholders’ interests and ESG are viewed
as an opportunity.

We have an ESG Committee and Employee
Forum and both are led and chaired by plc
Board directors. These platforms provide
valuable insights for the Board and enable
us to test ideas for future consideration as
well as understanding current sentiment on
strategic direction.

Management and the Board

| became Chair on 21 September 2022,
when Peter Ventress stepped down from
the role. On 31 March 2023, Gavin Slark,
Non-executive Director, resigned from the
Board after over seven years. The Board is
grateful for the contributions of Peter and
Gavin over the years and wishes them every
success in the future.

We were pleased to welcome Michael
Topham as Non-executive Director on 1
June 2023, as you can read about on pages
91 and 94.

Looking forward

1am delighted with the progress Galliford
Try has made during the year and am
confident that the business is in an excellent
position to meet its 2026 objectives. | thank
Bill, his leadership team and all our people
for their continued efforts.

Alison Wood
Chair

A purpose-led
culture

Employee

survey highlights

Our 2023 survey of

our people confirmed
we have embedded a
strong culture, which
will fuel our ambitions,
and ensure we grow our
business the right way.

95%

of people said we give health
and safety a high priority
(2022: 95%).

86%

of people said they would
recommend Galliford Try
as a great place to work
(2022: 85%).

%
72%
of people said we give quality

high priority (2022: 63%).

See People p27

09

Galliford Try Annual Report and Financial Statements 2023

Market review

Seizing opportunities

Macroeconomic challenges are showing signs of easing, with inflation
subisiding and positive signs for longer-term prospects across the
construction sector.

Careful management of supply chain and inflationary pressures have
helped to mitigate against our exposure to cost and availability challenges
and we are seeing preferred bidder positions, which were previously
delayed by inflation, now converting to contract awards.

Our chosen markets are non-cyclical and show strong demand, driven by
the UK's ambitions for innovation, decarbonisation and digitalisation. The
availability of materials is generally good, having eased during the year.

Our investment in our people and future talent pools will ensure we
retain a skilled and competent workforce, which remains in demand
across our sector.

There is a strong overall sense of confidence in the future of the industry,
and, this provides encouragement for the Group's future.

—->

‘The £17m Birmingham Ormiston Academy Digital Academy
‘Abrand new. purpose-built academy delivering a specialist education
in creative and digital technologies which will help to address the
‘rowing demand for higher level digital skills.

10