'
Galliford Try Holdings plc
Annual Report and Financial Statements 2021

People-orientated, progressive and values-driven

z |
9 |
i

ray

z I
a * AAHG10GI*

a At3 1711112021 #155

COMPANIES HOUSE

In this report

Strategic report

2 Our business at a glance

4 Our business model

8 Our investment case

10 Chairman's statement

12 Chief Executive's review

16 Market review

18 Our strategy

20 Q&A with the Chief Executive
22 Operating sustainably

23 People and culture

26 Health and safety

28 Environment and climate change
31 Supply chain

32> Clients

33 Communities

34 Human rights and modem slavery

36 Risk management

42 Financial review

46 Operating review

50 Stakeholder engagement and s172(1) statement
Governance

54 Chairman's review

56 Directors and Executive Board

58 Governance review

67 Nomination Committee report

68 Audit Committee report

70 Remuneration Committee report

73 Directors’ Remuneration Policy report
80 Annual report on remuneration

86 Directors’ report

89 ‘Statement of directors’ responsibilities

Financial information

90 Independent auditors’ report

7 Consolidated income statement

98 Consolidated statement of comprehensive income
99 Balance sheets

100 Consolidated and Company statements of changes in equity

101 ‘Statements of cash flows

102 Notes to the consolidated financial statements
143 Five-year record (unaudited)
144 ‘Shareholder information

Visit: wow galfordiry com for more information.
Cover photo: The Exchange, Birmingham.

Financial performance

Revenue
£1,124.8m

(2020: pre-exceptional £1,089.6m and statutory £1,121.6m)

Operating profit before amortisation
£10.1m

(2020: pre-exceptional loss £62.2m and statutory loss £37.1m)

Profit before tax
£11.4m

(2020: pre-exceptional loss £59.7m and statutory loss £34.6m)

Dividend per share
4.7p

(2020: nil)

Net cash
£216.2m

(2020: £197.2m)

Key developments in the year

> Successfully transitioned to a leading UK construction business.

> Embedded excellent culture, with teams aligned to our purpose.

> Published our net zero carbon ambitions.

> Strengthened foundations of risk management and contract discipline.

> Performed strongly: controlled growth, cash generation and improved margins.

> Retumed to profitability and reinstated dividends.

> Excellent order book and strongly positioned to contribute to the UK's economic recovery.

Strategy update

Our updated strategy elevates our ambitions and aligns profit with purpose. Sustainability driven by digitalisation, decarbonisation and social
value, is at its heart, responding to stakeholder needs and increasing the long-term operational and financial resilience of the organisation.

Our strategy p18

Sustainable growth

Over the last year, we have emerged stronger, returning to profitability and confirming our position as a leading
UK construction group, despite the challenges of the pandemic.

Our updated strategy will ensure that we develop our business in a sustainable and profitable way, while
deepening our commitment to a progressive culture, socially and environmentally responsible delivery, quality and
innovation.

Our purpose, vision and values shape our culture, proactively guiding our day-to-day activities, keeping us
focused on what's important and delivering long-term sustainable value for our stakeholders.

Bill Hocking
Chief Executive

Our strategy p18

Our purpose

To improve people's lives by building the facilities and infrastructure that communities need while providing opportunities for our people to lear,
grow and progress; working with our supply chain to promote the very best working practices; and caring for the environment in which we work.

Our vision

To be a people-orientated, progressive construction business, driven by our values to deliver for our stakeholders and the communities we work
in.

Our values

Excellence
Striving to deliver the best.

Passion
Committed and enthusiastic in all we do.

Integrity
Demonstrating strong ethical standards with openness and honesty.

Collaboration
Dedicated to working together to achieve results.

Our business at a glance
A progressive UK construction business

We are passionate about our role in providing vital buildings and infrastructure across the country, committed to
the idea that what we do makes a real difference to people's lives.

What we do

Operating as Galliford Try and Morrison Construction, our core capabilities are delivered through our Building and Infrastructure divisions,
complemented by PPP Investments and FM. We have a leading position in the public and regulated sectors and actively target and maintain
places on some of the most significant frameworks (page 48). We focus on sectors where we have core and proven strengths and work
collaboratively with carefully selected clients and supply chain partners.

Operating review p46

Building
is focused on the health, education and defence sectors and also serves commercial clients.

Infrastructure

carries out civil engineering projects, specialising in the highways and environment sectors.

PPP Investments

delivers major building and infrastructure projects through public-private partnerships and co-development opportunities, generating work for the
wider business in the process.

Facilities Management (FM)

‘works with Building, with an emphasis on the education and health sectors, allowing us to provide high-quality, full life-cycle solutions to our
diients.

Where we do it

(Our network of regional offices offers cients national strength with local delivery. Infrastructure operates nationally, with Building operating
across the UK through nine regions.

Areas of Building office locations
Morison Construction Highland

Morrison Construction North East
Morison Construction Central

Building North East & Yorkshire

Building North West

Building West Midlands & South West
Building East Midlands

Building London & South East Commercial
Building Southem

©MONOOR WN

Our business model
Ensuring long-term value

Our business model enables us to operate sustainably and creates long-term value for our key stakeholders.

How we do it
Our approach

Promote a people-orientated , progressive culture

We believe that what we do makes a real difference to people's lives, so we seek to attract and retain talented individuals who are aligned to our
purpose and uphold our values. We believe success comes from our people and we promote an inclusive culture in which people can thrive,
knowing that inclusivity facilitates the diversity of thought, approach and experiences that leads to innovation. We do this by prioritising health,
safety and wellbeing, creating an environment in which everyone feels valued as an individual, enabling our people to reach their potential
through leaming and development; empowering individuals and providing a rewarding career.

Our Executive Board sets and promotes the culture, values and behaviours we want to see in our people through leadership and training. Our
high standards of corporate govemance, Code of Conduct and Business Management Systems ensure they are embedded across our
business.

Manage our risks effectively

Risk management is fundamental to our strategy and is embedded within our culture and operations. We ensure we only pursue opportunities
within our chosen markets where we have the experience, knowledge, resources and supply chain to deliver, and with the right terms and
margins. We aim to secure a forward order book that provides a high degree of certainty, seeking clients who value a collaborative approach
and long-term relationships. This allows opportunities for repeat work, and contributes to better understanding between parties and early
mitigation of risks. Our project level controls and commercial health checks also help us manage risks and uncertainties from design to delivery.

Collaborate with our supply chain -
Allarge portion of our work is delivered in collaboration with our supply chain, so building successful long-term relationships is vital. Our
‘Advantage through Alignment’ programme aligns key supply chain members with our vision, values and working practices by allowing them to
benefit from our cultural and training programmes and providing an insight into our pipeline of work and future opportunities. This deeper
understanding creates greater efficiencies and opportunities for innovation. as well as upskilling workforces and allowing the SMEs we work with
to grow. Our commitment to the Prompt Payment Code further helps to strengthen our relationships and demonstrates we are serious about
‘good payment practices.

Deliver quality and innovation

We seek to work in frameworks with our clients. Frameworks are used by the public and regulated sectors as a procurement vehicle and
provide greater opportunities for deeper, strategic collaboration and long-term partnering which support the achievement of wider strategic and
social goals. We deliver excellence by constantly pursuing new and better ways of working. We embrace new technologies, construction
methods and management tools that help us to hamess data, deliver efficiency and improve quality to support clients to achieve objectives such
as carbon reduction goals.

(Our award-winning approach to technical services enables us to design buildings and infrastructure with lower emissions, shorter programmes,
reduced whole-life costs, using digital and technical capability and Modem Methods of Construction.

Operate sustainably to deliver long-term value for our stakeholders
We are firmly committed to doing the right thing so we assess and address our impacts across six fundamental areas of sustainability: health
and safety, environment and climate change, our people, communities, clients and supply chain. This recognises the urgency of the climate
‘change agenda and the role we have to play in decarbonising the economy for a greener, more sustainable future. We use our activities to
deliver greater social value, working with our supply chain to promote the very best working practices and making a positive impact on
communities. Our commitment to these environmental, social and corporate governance responsibilities ensures we address our stakeholder
interests to create long-term value.

Who we work with

We primarily work with public and regulated sector organisations, focusing on education, defence, health,
highways and environment, as well as blue-chip private sector companies.

Order book by client type

1. Public and regulated sectors
91%

2. Private sector
9%

Order book by sector

1. Environment

2. Highways:

3. Education

4, Defence and custodial
5. Health

6.FM

7. Commercial

How we make money
We aim to generate a fair return for shareholders by operating a profitable and sustainable business.

High-quality revenue

We target lower-risk contracts with clients that typically comprise:

> Cost reimbursable where an overall target contract value is agreed with the client, including margin, risk and inflation contingencies, and the
actual cost of the work plus agreed fee is paid by the client. Any cost savings or overspends against the target are shared between the client
and contractor.

> Fixed-price where the final price and programme is negotiated on a sole basis following early involvement, resulting in a fixed-price for a
defined scope at point of final contract award.

In addition to construction projects, we eam revenue and profit from our PPP Investments and Facilities Management businesses, which offer
lower-tisk annuity type income and margin accretion.

Robust commercial control and rigorous risk management

We make a profit by carefully selecting the work we take on. Approval controls for bids and contracts include our risk-based heat map tool to
‘Support contract selection and bid approval processes. We ensure the terms and conditions are within the parameters of our strict criteria to
mitigate risk and we make certain we have the expertise and resources to successfully complete the work. During construction, we rigorously
manage risk at every stage of our projects using robust review processes and health checks. We secure a high-quality forward pipeline so we
do not have to pursue projects with less favourable terms.

Good capital management

‘Our business is typically cash generative, as we receive regular payments from clients as projects progress. We are well-capitalised with a
‘strong balance sheet that benefits from a robust cash position and a PPP asset portfolio, giving clients and our supply chain confidence in our
ability to partner with them well into the future.

Our business does not require significant investment in fixed assets or working capital and we therefore only use a modest amount of cash for
‘ongoing investment in the business and for investing in PPP projects.

Our capital allocation and dividend policy is set out in the Financial review.

Our key resources and relationships

We are committed to successfully managing the key resources and relationships that are necessary for the long-

term success of our business.

Our impact

People

Our success comes from our people. We
therefore need to attract, retain and develop
the right talent for our business, prioritise
their health, safety and wellbeing and create
an inclusive environment in which they can
thrive.

People and culture p23 and Health and safety 926

We place the highest priority on protecting
our people’s health, safety and wellbeing.
We target no harm and have increased our
investment in mental wellbeing alongside
physical health and safety.

We commit to supporting our people
personally and professionally at every level
to help them achieve their potential. We
offer a fast-paced, exciting environment that
guides, challenges and develops them.

0.08

Accident Frequency Rate
13.2%

voluntary churn

Natural resources.

Our building processes use natural
resources, including land, materials and
energy.

Environment and cimate change p28

We aim to optimise our use of natural
resources and reduce our associated
carbon and environmental impact,
recognising that environmental protection
and climate change are among the greatest
challenges we face.

39%

reduction in carbon emissions from calendar
year 2019 to 2020 and 43% reduction from
2018 to 2019

95%

waste diverted from landfill

Clients
We carefully choose the sectors we want to
work in and the clients we partner with.

Clients p32

‘As a trusted partner to our clients, we
deliver high-quality buildings and
infrastructure that form the fabric of our
society, while also helping our clients to.
achieve their business and sustainability
objectives.

87%
of our order book is in frameworks

90%
of full year 2022 planned revenue secured

Supply chain
Our supply chain predominantly consists of
subcontractors — who operate on our sites —
and suppliers — who provide materials. We
select and manage our subcontractors and
some materials suppliers at a local level,
and procure key commodities centrally.

‘Supply chain p31

‘We support jobs and local economies
through our supply chain, as well as our
own business, and help suppliers and
subcontractors to develop their businesses
alongside ours.

Our Advantage through Alignment
programme provides a programme of
‘support, training and education to key
supply chain members to foster
collaborative, mutually-beneficial
relationships.

Gold
status from the Supply Chain Sustainability
Schoo!

93%
of invoices paid in 60 days

Communities

The impact of our work on communities is
significant, both through the way we work
and the legacy we leave in the form of
buildings, infrastructure and other assets.

Communities p33

We aim to create greater social value
through what we do by providing local
employment, using local supply chain
partners, and sustainably delivering
buildings and infrastructure that are fit for
the future. We engage with local schools to
promote awareness of health and safety as
well as careers in our industry, and we work
with local causes to support their objectives
by providing time, donations, materials and
labour.

40.6
Considerate Constructors Scheme score

£250,000
charitable donations

Financial resources
We maintain a robust balance sheet to give
clients, our supply chain and shareholders
reassurance that we are a financially
sustainable business.

Financial review p42

Carefully managing our financial resources
helps ensure that shareholders typically
benefit from rising earnings and dividends
and create future value, while ensuring we
remain soundly financed.

£164m
average month end cash

‘Stakeholder engagement p50

Our investment case
A compelling investment

01.
Aclear strategy

Our strategy builds on our strong foundations by focusing on the sectors where we have proven strength and the
right risk profile, and identifying and focusing on margin enhancing and revenue growth opportunities across the
medium term.

Sustainability, driven by digitalisation, decarbonisation and social value, is at the heart of our strategy, responding to stakeholder needs and
increasing the long-term operational and financial resilience of the organisation.

02.

A people-orientated, progressive culture driven by our values

We believe in our purpose to improve people's lives and achieve this by attracting and developing individuals who
share our vision.

Our commitment to delivering excellence pushes us to constantly pursue new and better ways of working — embracing new technologies,
construction methods and management tools that help us lead the sector. Our inclusive culture fuels innovation by allowing individuals to thrive.

Our socially and environmentally responsible approach is not only the right thing to do, it is also increasingly important to employees, clients and
supply chain members and makes our business more sustainable in the long term.

People and culture p23

03.
Astrong foothold in a growing market

We have a highly disciplined approach and only operate in chosen sectors where we have core and proven
expertise.

We have a robust position in the public and regulated sectors, leading places on the UK's most significant frameworks (page 48), and excellent
client and supplier relationships. Our alignment to the Government's continued investment in the UK's social and economic infrastructure is a
fundamental driver of demand for our services and plays to our strengths in the health, education, defence, highways and environment markets.

(Our framework position allows us to work in long-term relationships and benefit from major, continuing public sector, infrastructure and
regulatory spending,

Market review p16

90%

of FY22 planned revenues already secured

04.
Focused risk management
Rigorous risk management is central to our strategy and embedded in our business.

We determine our risk appetite and stand firm to ensure we only pursue opportunities where we have the skills, resources and contract tems
and conditions to be successful. We then monitor risk across the lifecycle of our projects.

Our approach is mature and the result is a high-quality order book and pipeline we can be confident of, and that will deliver the margins we are
targeting.

Risk management p36

05.

Financial strength

We are well-capitalised and cash positive, with a strong balance sheet.

Sustainable growth will drive controlled growth and an improved dividend policy, generating long-term shareholder value.
Financial review p42

Chairman's statement

Focused on successful delivery

Having successfully returned to profitability, our business looks forward to a positive future with an updated
strategy, with sustainability at its core, positioning us strongly to contribute to the UK’s economic recovery.

This was Galliford Try’s first full year as a pure construction business and | am pleased with the progress we have '
made in delivering our plans. In particular, we have continued our focus on risk management (page 36) and

worked hard to ensure robust operational and financial performance, against the backdrop of the Covid-19

pandemic.

Peter Ventress
Chairman

Significantly, the business has retumed to profitability and with our new contract portfolio delivering higher margins, we recorded a profit before
tax of £11.4m. We have also maintained a strong balance sheet, which continues to differentiate us in our market. At the end of the year, our net
cash balance was £216m, up £19m over the 12 months. Our average month end cash balance during the year was £164m.

Shareholder returns

As a responsible contractor, we believed it was right to repay the furlough monies received in the financial year. Coupled with our performance
this year, this enabled us to reinstate dividends. Having paid an interim dividend of 1.2p per share in March 2021, the Board has proposed a
final dividend of 3.p per share. The total dividend of 4.7p per share is 2.0 times covered by eamings from continuing operations. The final
dividend will be paid on 10 December 2021 to shareholders on the register at 12 November 2021.

We have always recognised the importance of dividends to shareholders and, looking forward, we expect to increase the dividend as earings
grow, within our improved dividend cover range of 2.0-2.5 times.

A sustainable strategy

In April 2021, the Board performed a review of the Group's strategy for the next five years to assess our strategic ambitions over this period. We
held a dedicated session to discuss the challenges and opportunities presented to the business, how the Group was responding to these and
the risk appetite that the Board was prepared to take in pursuit of its strategic objectives. The discussion focused on controlled revenue growth,
the importance of Environmental, Social and Govemance (ESG) factors to the strategy, the macro environment and the competitive landscape

(page 60).
Our updated strategy is set outon pages 18 to 21 and positions us strongly to contribute to the UK's economic recovery from the pandemic.

As Chairman, | have also looked to ensure that during our regular meetings the Board is able to focus on strategy rather than operational issues.
Itis a mark of how well the business is being run that we achieved this during the year.

Delivering long-term stakeholder value

Sustainability and creating social value are fundamental to our strategy. A key part of our approach is ensuring we understand stakeholders and
that we take their views into account in our decision-making. The Board has a designated Non-executive Director, Terry Miller, who chairs our
Stakeholder Steering Committee and our Employee Forum. This gives the Board a direct insight into our business's stakeholders as well as
sustainability matters which are now a remit of the Committee. You can read more about this in our section 172 statement on page 50.

People and culture

People and culture are important considerations for the Board and we continue to support efforts to enhance the business's diversity. The Board
has oversight of Galliford Try's culture and we have seen a significant positive shift, that our leadership team continues to drive forward.

Our improved performance this year reflects the way that risk management has become ingrained into our culture, as has the way that our
people take accountability. The prominence of sustainability and diversity also reflects this cultural change.

The pandemic has made this a difficult period for every business and | want to thank our people for the way they have responded. The
challenges posed have unleashed their creativity, while at the same time requiring us to have a relentless focus on maintaining the highest
‘standards on our sites and protecting everyone's health, safety.and wellbeing. Bill Hocking’s statement on page 12 explains more about our
approach.

Management and the Board

There was one change to Board membership this year, with Jeremy Townsend stepping down as a Non-executive Director, as previously
announced. This resulted in some changes to Board Committee responsibilities, as described on page 59. Looking forward, the Board is aware
of its responsibility to ensure good succession and appropriate diversity among the directors.

‘Succession planning is also key beyond Board level, enabling us to fill a number of vacancies intemally during the year. Work to ensure a
suitable pipeline of talent continues and is a high priority for the Board.
Looking forward

We are focused on sectors that play to our strengths and in which market conditions and Goverment policy are favourable. Our job now is to
continue to deliver, so we can create sustainable value for all of our stakeholders. _

Peter Ventress
Chairman

Targeting strong and predictable shareholder returns
We are committed to defivering value to our shareholders through sustainable growth and improved profitability.

Objective 2026 target
Focus on bottom line margin growth. Divisional operating margin growth to
3.0%.
Disciplined contract selection and sustainable revenue growth. Revenue growth towards
£1.6bn.
Maintain strong balance sheet. Operating cash generation.
Sustainable dividends. Dividend cover of

2.0-2.5x.

Chief Executive's review
Well-positioned for the future

The last year has shown the strength and resilience of Galliford Try in challenging circumstances. We have
proven our business, returned to profitability, and successfully laid the foundations upon which we can deliver our
updated strategy.

Well-capitalised and profitable with a bright outlook

The end of this financial year marks a great milestone for us as we announce our first set of full year results as a pure construction group. We
have made an excellent transition following the strategic disposal of the housebuilding divisions and our significant progress in strengthening our
foundations has enabled us to retum to profitability, repay furlough money and reinstate the dividend.

Our operating profit before amortisation was up to £10.1m and profit before tax increased to £11.4m, from pre-exceptional losses of £62.2m and
£59.7m respectively in the previous financial year. Our improved results demonstrate the performance of our newer contract portfolio in our
£3.3bn order book, which remains selective, focused on our strengths and aligned to our risk appetite. Despite the pandemic, we remained fully
operational on alll of our sites in the period, with productivity close to normal levels. Combined with our focus on core markets, this means our
revenue remained stable and on target at £1.1bn (2020: £1.1bn).

Our excellent cash position remained resilient during the pandemic. We remain well-capitalised with a strong balance sheet, giving clients and
supply chain confidence in our ability to deliver for them as a partner over the long tem.

Without doubt, the past year has been a huge test of our mettle and | am inspired by the way our people have
responded. There has been a fantastic sense of camaraderie and, against the odds, we've achieved a great deal
in a relatively short amount of time. This is a true testament to all our people and | am proud to lead a team of
passionate, dedicated and skilled individuals who are all so aligned to our purpose.

Bill Hocking
Chief Executive

The Government's Construction Playbook underpins long-term industry sustainability and confirms we are well-
positioned with key clients for projects that will be brought to market by the public sector over the medium term.

Bill Hocking

Chief Executive

Moving forward, the Govemment's Construction Playbook underpins long-term industry sustainability and confirms we are well-positioned with
key clients for projects that will be brought to market by the public sector over the medium term. While the industry has been affected by
shortages of materials in some areas, we maintain excellent relationships and collaboration programmes with our supply chain (page 31). This
has ensured we have not been materially affected to date and, coupled with early planning, will enable us to deliver in the long term.

Our performance and outlook have provided the Board with the confidence to reinstate dividends with an enhanced policy. Under the new policy
we have reduced dividend cover to 2.0-2.5 times. As a result, we reintroduced the interim dividend at the half year at 1.2p per share and
recommend a final dividend of 3.5p per share to give a total dividend of 4.7p per share.

My thanks and appreciation go to all our staff, supply chain and clients who have worked so well together to keep our projects safely on track,
despite the challenging circumstances.

Financia review p42 and Operating review pa6

A people-orientated, progressive culture

Success comes from our people, which is why we put such a focus on being a people-orientated, progressive and values-driven business that
remains committed to always doing the right thing. The core of this at Galliford Try is:

Building diverse teams aligned to our purpose
Construction is all about people, so the skills, expertise and culture we nurture as an organisation are important

We received positive feedback regarding the work we carried out to support our people in the year. We took specific action to survey our site-

based teams to understand how to improve the working environment for those who had to be present in the field during lockdowns. Again, the
feedback we received was very positive with 83% of those who responded feeling supported, 82% stating communication was good and 81%
having confidence in our response to Covid-19.

Our career paths and leaming and development programmes continue to be popular and effective. Coupled with leadership from the top,
training, succession planning programmes and recruitment processes are designed to ensure we seek out and develop the right people for our
business, which contributes to a great culture.

Inclusion is important to us and our continued focus on early careers enables us to grow our talent poo! as an investment in the future. We now
have more women in higher paid graduate positions. The improving diversity of this population is pleasing and will stand us in good stead in the
future. helping to address the gender pay gap in our industry.

We recognise we need to do better when it comes to addressing barriers to entry in particular to ethnic minorities. Going forward we want to
realise our inclusivity ambitions, as this facilitates the diversity of ideas and experiences that create multi-skilled teams.