Ga itor ord Try Ho joldings sple
and Financial Statements 2022

ua
Delivering
Sustainable
Growth

Contents

Financial performance

Strategic report
2 ores eee Revenue Pre-exceptional earnings per share?
& _Ourinvestmentease
8 __Chairman’sstatement £1,237.2m 16.0p
10 Marketreview (2021:£1,124.8m) (2021: 9.5pand 2022 tatutory earnings
5 per share 5.8p)
12_Ourstrategy _ Pre-exceptional profit before tax? —
16 _ Chief Executive'sreview £19 Dividend per share
20 _ Operatingsustainably 19.1m 8.0
21 Health, safety and wellbeing (2021: £11.4m and 2022 statutory profit fe Pp
24 Ourpeople before tax £5.4m) (2021:4.7p)
28 _Environmentandclimate change Divisional operating margin* Average month-end cash
32 Communities
35 Clients 2.4% £174m
38_ Supplychain (2021: 2.0%) (2021:£164m)
a Sten erin cheasney Pre-exceptional operating Order book
isk management Featinet
48 TaskForceonClimate-related profit before amortisation’ £3.4bn

Financial Disclosures
55 _Financialreview
58 Operatingreview

61 Stakeholder engagementand
5172(1) statement

Governance

66 _Chairman'sreview
68 _DirectorsandExecutive Board

70 _Governancereview

82 _ Nomination Committee report

84 AuditCommitteereport

87__ Remuneration Committeereport
90 Directors’ Remuneration Policyreport
95 _Annualreportonremuneration
100 Directors'report
103 Statementofdirector

Financial information
104 Independent auditor's report
110 Consoli

T11_ Consolidatedstatementof
comprehensiveincome

112 Balancesheets

itedincome statement

113 Consolidated and Company statements

ofchangesinequity
114 Statementsofcash flows

115 _Notestothe consolidated finantialstatements

150_Five-yearrecord (unaudited)
151_ Shareholder inform:

Visit: www gallifordtry.com for more information,

£18.5m (2021: £3.3bn)

(2021: £10.1m)

1. Seenote 32 for our alternative
Performance measures.

Key sections of our report

Safety above all Drivers of market growth

We are committed to prioritising the Our chosen markets remain favourable
health, safety and wellbeing of our people, and we are well placed to benefit from
and those around us, aiming for no harm. sustained investment in the UK's economic

and social infrastructure.

@ Readmorep21
@ Readmorepi0

Focused risk management Built-in sustainability

Our established approach to risk * Our sustainability commitments are built -

management has laid a strong platform into our strategy, allowing us to be more

for our strategy to 2026 and continues efficient, win work and engage with our

tounderpin our future ambitions. employees and supply chain, while benefiting
the community and environment.

@ Readmorep43
@ Read morep20

Strategicreport

Governance

Financialinformation

A defining purpose
leading us forward

“We have made an excellent start to our
Sustainable Growth Strategy, delivering risk
managed controlled growth, and it’s exciting to
be at the forefront of the vital role construction

is playing in the future of the UK.

“The great thing about our strategy is that all our stakeholders’ interests are
aligned. We are contributing to the decarbonisation of the economy, unlocking.
the potential of digitalisation to drive efficiency, and working in partnership
with our supply chain to deliver for our clients and communities.

“With our passionate teams, strong balance sheet, market-leading sector
positions, excellent client and supplier relationships and high-quality order
book, we are excited about the future and look forward with confidence.”
Bill Hocking

Chief Executive

> Chief Executive'sreviewp16

Our purpose Our values

Toimprove people's lives by building the
facilities and infrastructure that communities
need, while providing opportunities for our
people to learn, grow and progress; working
with our supply chain to promote the very

Excellence
Striving to deliver the best.

best working practices; and caring for the Passion

environment in which we work. Committed and enthusiastic
inall we do.

Our vision Integrity

Tobe apeople-orientated, progressive Demonstrating strong,

business, driven by our values to deliver for our ethical standards with

stakeholders and the communities we work in. ‘openness and honesty.
Collaboration
Dedicated toworking

together to achieve results.

‘Annual Report and Financial Statements 2022

1

Our business model

A progressive UK
construction business

We are proud to deliver vital buildings and infrastructure across
the country that make a real difference to people's lives.

What we do

Weare amajor construction group, operating as
Galliford Try in England and Wales, and Morrison
Construction in Scotland. Our network of regional
offices is a key advantage, offering clients the benefit
of national strength with local delivery. We are
focused on markets where we have proven
strengths, operating predominantly in the public

and regulated sectors.

Building
‘operates across the UK, designing, constructing and refurbishing assets across markets

where we have proven expertise and significant opportunities, particularly the education,
health, defence, justice and commercial sectors.

Infrastructure

comprises our Environment and Highways businesses, which carry out vital civil engineering
projects across the UK. Environment covers the water and sewage sectors, where we are one
of the largest players and carry out capital delivery and maintenance, and asset optimisation.
‘Ourwork in Highways has contributed substantially to the national infrastructure network,
from major project delivery of large-scale schemes to delivering road surfacing works and
maintenance as a leading player.

Investments

has historically specialised in managing construction through to operations for major building,
projects via public private partnerships. These skill sets are now being used to progress
co-development opportunities, with a focus on the PRS (Private Rented Sector). Our expertise
inleading bid consortia and arranging fmance to devise and secure the right solution on an
individual basis makes us attractive to clients.

Facilities Management

works with Building, with an emphasis on the education and health sectors. Our capabilities
include delivering high-quality, full life-cycle solutions to our clients, including green retrofit.

© operatingreviewp58

2 GallifordTryHoldingsple

Strategicreport Governance Financial information

Whowework with

We primarily work with clients in the public and
regulated sectors, where we have core and proven
expertise, based on a strong understanding of client
requirements, the market and risk profile. We focus
on education, defence, health, justice, highways and
environment, as well as the commercial sector.

We seek clients who value a collaborative approach and long-term
relationships, for example by working in frameworks. Frameworks are
amulti-year procurement vehicle used by public and regulated sector
clients which provide greater opportunities for deeper, collaborative
working and support the achievement of wider strategic and social
goals, better understanding between parties, early mitigation of risks
and ultimately repeat business.

91%

of our order bookisinthe
public and regulated sectors.

94%

of our order bookis with
repeat clients.

90%

of our order bookis
in frameworks.

‘Annual Reportand Financial Statements 2022

3

Our business model continued

Howwedoit

Stages of atypical construction project

>> > ODO

Diligent planning in the early pre-construction phase goes along way in ensuring
that construction takes place on time, to budget and to a high quality.

Identifying and
bidding opportunities

‘We seek opportunities within our
chosen markets and only pursue
those where we have the expertise
and resources to successfully
complete the work safely,
profitably and toa high quality.
Ourinitial selection process
considers factors such as
geography, client, sizeof the
project, technical complexities and
our experience of similar projects.
Contracts meeting thiscriteria

are interrogated by our teams to
ensure we fully understand and
canmeet client requirements.
They are filtered through our
risk-based heat map which
facilitates a rigorous assessment
of risks to ensure all aspects of a
contract including terms and
conditions satisfy our strict
criteria, Allcontracts with a value
exceeding £25m, and lower value
contracts with specified risk
parameters, require Executive
Board approval.

@ Riskmanagementp43

4 Galliford TryHoldingsplc

Early engagement

Dependingon the contract, we
may be involved in the design.
‘These contracts, called Design
and Build, are different from
traditional contracts, where the
client appoints consultants to
design their scheme anda
contractor is selected to execute
the works. Design and Build
contracts can provide greater
‘opportunities for selecting building
features, systems, equipment and
materials which deliver lower life
cycle cost or carbon emissions
and shorter programmes

while meeting the required
performance, quality, reliability,
and safety requirements.

Assemblingateam and
procuring products
and services

Delivering aconstruction project
requires many different disciplines,
some of which are specialist. This
is because it is unlikely that any
‘one contractor will have all the
required skills to complete every
aspect of a construction project.
Our role includes assembling

the right team, including
subcontractors, and sometimes
consultants, to carry out specific
aspects of works such as
mechanical and electrical work.
This phase also involves other
preparatory processes before
mobilising on site, such as obtaining
permissions and permits. tis
about further reducing risk,
improving productivity, selecting
partners, and digitally testing
the solutions toimprove health,
safety and quality and eliminate
waste. Early procurement also
mitigates risk.

@ People and culturep24
© supply chainmanagement p38

Construction

This phase consists ofall the
physical processes of building,
landscaping or refurbishinga
project in addition to mobilising
teams and services such as power
and utilities. Itincludes erection
of hoardings and welfare facilities,
site clearance, demolition or
remediation works, site
preparation, excavation works,
installation of foundations,

frame construction, civil
engineering works and fit out,
where applicable. It can also
include rebuilding work and
alterations or additions to
buildings or infrastructure.

Akey part of this phase is ensuring
the project's performances
controlled to ensure that itis
running safely, on schedule

and within budget. Day-to-day
supervision froma project team
is required to set and track
progress, resolve any challenges
including unforeseen events such
as extreme weather, supply or
labour issues, and make any
required adjustments.

Documentation, digital tools and
communication are vital within
this phase as they enable the team
tomonitor performance against
programme expectations as well
as providing a blueprint of what is
required in the final product.

Strategicreport Governance

> <S

Handover

Before completion of a project,
final inspections are made. The
project is then approved by the
client anda final completion
certificate is issued, confirming
the project has been handed over
ina satisfactory manner. Insome
instances, we may also take on
the maintenance of the asset.

Financial information

How we make money

We aim to generate a return for
shareholders by operating a profitable

and sustainable business. We make a profit
by carefully selecting the work we take on
and executing it well.

High-quality revenue
We target lower-risk contracts with clients that typically comprise:

© Target cost/cost reimbursable where an overall target contract
valueis agreed with the client, including margin, risk and inflation
contingencies, and the actual cost of the work plus an agreed fee is
paid by the client. Any cost savings or overspends against the target
are shared between the client and contractor.

© Fixed-price where the final price and programme is negotiated ona
sole basis following early involvement, resulting in a fixed-price for a
defined scope at point of final contract award.

Inaddition to construction projects, we earn revenue and profit from
‘our PPP Investments and Facilities Management businesses, which offer
lower-risk annuity type income and margin accretion.

Good capital management

Our business is typically cash generative, as we receive regular
payments from clients as projects progress. We are well-capitalised
witha strong balance sheet that benefits from a robust cash position
and a PPP asset portfolio, giving clients and our supply chain confidence
inour ability to partner with them.

Our business does not require significant investment in fixed assets
or working capital. We therefore deploy a modest amount of cash
for ongoing investment in the business and for investingin PPP,
co-development or green retrofit projects.

Our capital allocation and dividend policy is set out in the Financial
review (page 55).

Annual Report and Financial Statements 2022

Our investment case

Acompelling
investment

Our leading positions in thriving markets,
strong foundations and a progressive
culture provide an engine for growth.

High-quality

order book

Strong culture
of discipline
and risk

awareness

Our people ere”

Strong
balance sheet

6 — GallifordTryHoldingsple

Strategic report Governance Financial information
Strong culture High-quality order
of discipline and book and good visibility
risk awareness of pipeline

Our approach to running agood construction
business that can perform consistently and
predictably revolves around the right people,
who share our purpose, values and objectives.

We havea strong culture of discipline and risk
management and only pursue opportunities
where we have the skills, resources and contract
terms and conditions to be successful. This is
complemented by our incentive models, which
mirror our attitude and are predicated on profit,
cash and Environmental, Social and Governance
{ESG) measures.

@ Readmorepi7 and 43

Being selective about the work we take on and
focusing on bottom line growth over revenue
drives ahigh-quality order book whichis
characterised by its quantum; longevity through
frameworks; a repeat client base who we

know and can work collaboratively with; and
embedded cash and margin profiles. This leads
towork we can execute with a high degree of
confidence in addition to pipeline visibility, which
enables us to effectively resource projects with
‘our people and supply chain. This approach
underpins our strategy and facilitates controlled
growth, generating long-term shareholder value.

@ Readmore p59

Strong balance sheet

Performing consistently and predictably in this
way provides us with a strong balance sheet.
Thisis important to clients as they prefer to

work with contractors who can deliver for them in
the long term andit provides further confidence
toour supply chain who look to partner with
businesses that can pay them promptly. Balance
sheet strength means we can invest in our
people, technology and business to develop our
capabilities. Finally, a strong cash balance gives

Us agility and enables us toreact quickly to
strategic opportunities, including bolt-on
acquisitions aimed at enhancing our capabilities
and driving up margin. Coming full circle, a Strong
balance sheet enables us torreinforce our culture
of being selective about the work we pursue,

so the cycle continues, delivering a compelling
investment proposition.

@ Readmorepss

Annual Report and Financial Statements 2022

Chairman's statement

Confident in our strategy

Galliford TryHoldings ple

This is my last report to you as
Chairman of Galliford Try and
lam pleased to be handing over
to Alison Wood with the Group
inastrong position.

During the year, we benefited
from the successful
implementation of our
Sustainable Growth Strategy,
achieving further controlled
growth, and remaining firmly
ontrack to meet our financial
targets to 2026.

As result, pre-exceptional profit before
taxwas up 68% to £19.1m (2021:£11.4m).

The Group has maintained its financial strength,
with a net cash balance at the year-end of
£219m (30 June 2021: £216m) and an average
month-end cash balance during the year

of £174m (2021: £164m). In these times,

the strength of our balance sheet continues
todifferentiate us in our markets.

Enhancing shareholder returns

In my report to you last year, | said that our
policy was to target a dividend cover range of
2.0-2.5 times. At the interim results in March
2022, we announced an improved policy,

with the aim of annual earnings covering the
dividend by 2.0 times. Having paid an interim
dividend of 2.2p per share, up 83% on the 1.2p
per share paid in the prior year, the Board has
proposed a final dividend of 5.8p per share
(2021: 3.5p per share). The total dividend for
the year is therefore 8.0p, up 70% and in line
with the 2.0 times cover policy.

The enhancement tothe dividend policy
reflects the Board's confidence in the Group's
performance and outlook, and its strong
balance sheet. The Board previously committed
tomonitor the Group's cash position, and
consider, where appropriate, additional capital
returns. On 21 September 2022, we announced
aninitial share buyback programme to
repurchase upto £15m of ordinary shares.

Strategic report Governance

Asuccessful and sustainable strategy

The strategy we set out last year is delivering as
we expected. In conjunction with management,
the Board has reviewed the strategy and our
progress against it throughout the year and this
has reaffirmed our view that the strategy is the
right one for Galliford Try.

Inthe first half of the year, we strengthened
our Environment business with the acquisition
of nmcn water, which has been successfully
integrated within our Group. The purchase
was in a space where we had been looking to
grow and we are now one of the largest players
inthis sector. On 8 July 2022, we acquired
MCS Control Systems, a leading systems
integrator to the industrial and utilities sectors,
based in Coventry, West Midlands, which
again demonstrates the excellent position

of the Group and good progress towards our
strategic goals.

Environment, Social and Governance (ESG)
issues are acore part of the Board's strategic
focus, with Board-level working groups as
described on page 70. While ESG continues
torise up the agenda for all businesses and
their stakeholders, we believe thisis an area
where Galliford Try has always been strong,
such as in our long-standing approach to using

environmentally sound processes and materials.

We continue to up our game, for example in
setting net zero carbon targets for our own
operations by 2030 and for all activities by
2045, Decarbonisationis also a growth driver
for us, as we look to help clients to meet their
own carbon reduction targets.

Atruly sustainable business needs to work for
allits stakeholders and the Board continues to
ensure it is well informed on their views. Our
Senior Independent Director Terry Miller plays
akey role here, as chair of both our Stakeholder
Steering Committee and our Employee Forum.
Our Finance Director, Andrew Duxbury, chairs
our Carbon Reduction and Social Value Forum
ona quarterly basis. The Board discusses
feedback from these groups. This in turn allows
the Group to successfully and sustainably
deliver for all stakeholders.

Financial information

People and culture

Maintaining a positive culture is a major focus,
and Bill Hocking continues to lead initiatives
which have significantly enhanced our
approach, including first and foremost, an
improvement in our Accident Frequency Rate.

Our progressive culture has helped to empower.
our people, giving them the flexibility to make
decisions within a solid framework and with a
clear understanding of the Group's approach
tomanaging risk, whichis embedded at every
level of the business. There is also strong
‘emphasis on personal development,
encouraging our people to learn new skills

and put themselves forward for opportunities.

On behalf of the Board, | want to thank
everyone at Galliford Try for their hard work
and dedication, whichis reflected in the results
we have achieved this year.

Management and the Board

There were two additions to the Board

during the year. Alison Wood joined us as a
Non-executive Director on 1 April 2022 and
will succeed me as Chair when | step down
from the Board on 21 September 2022. We
were also pleased to welcome Sally Boyle as a
Non-executive Director from 1 May 2022.
Both Alison and Sally have further strengthened
the Board's independence and experience and
have already made valuable contributions to
our work.

Looking forward

The last few years have beena time of huge
change for Galliford Try and, as | prepare to step
downas Chairman, |am pleased tobe leaving
the business in great shape and in very good
hands. The Group has a robust order book, is
performing strongly and has a clear strategy

for further growth. The Board looks forward to
the future with confidence.

Peter Ventress
Chairman

Highlights of the year

© Astrong culture driven by our purpose: the
results of our employee survey confirmed we
have embedded a strong culture which will
fuel our ambitions, ensuring we grow our
business the right way. As an example:

10,
99%
of people responded favourably to the

statement that we give health and safety
ahigh priority.

9,
96%

of people responded favourably to the
statement that our commitment to social

responsibility is genuine.

94%

of people responded favourably tothe
statement that they are motivated by
our vision.

© Developing our capabilities in adja
complementary markets: the acqui
of nmcn’s water business (including Lintott
Control Systems) in October 2021, and MCS
inJuly 2022, have advanced our strategy of
growth in existing and adjacent markets by
increasing our geographic coverage through
established frameworks, complementing
our order book, enhancing our capabilities
inmaintenance, off-site build and asset,
optimisation, and adding highly sought-after
talent toour business.

© Progress on carbon: during the year we
made significant strides in our carbon
journey, maintaining adownward trend in
‘our own emissions and also developing our
‘own capabilities. In the year, we launched our
Net Zero Partners initiative tocollaborate
with our supply chain and help the industry
work together to deliver lower carbon
projects. We have also been involved in
several low and net zero carbon schemes,
including pilots for public sector clients
suchas the Department for Education
(pages 30 and 37).

Annual ReportandFinancialStatements2022 9

Market review

Market opportunity

Our chosen markets remain favourable. The construction sector is expected to
benefit from sustained investment as a means to drive the UK’s recovery from the
challenges of the pandemic, and to address global factors and the issue of climate
change. We have a major role to play across these areas, driving efficiency through
digitalisation and off-site build and delivering wider societal value. While we remain
vigilant about the macro-economic backdrop of cost inflation, resource scarcity
and geopolitical challenges resulting from the war in Ukraine, these challenges

are less pronounced across our areas of operation.

Our strategy responds to our markets

Market drivers

Investment in the UK's social and

How our alignment positions us to benefit

Key contractor for public and regulated sectors.

economic infrastructure

National coverage with local relationships and supply chain.

Committed to creating greater social value.

Urgency of climate crisis

Net zero carbon target.

Support clients’ carbon objectives through our increasing capabilities.

Innovation

Market opportunity

Investment in the UK’s
social and economic
infrastructure

Thereis a drive to build a stronger economy
following the pandemic, using construction
as away tostimulate activity and ensuring
we have the infrastructure to support the
country. The main themes of this are to
tackle regional and local inequalities through
improved facilities and better transport
links, decarbonise the built environment

and increase the UK's productivity.

The Levelling up agendat aims to lessen
geographic disparities in key services and
outcomes, such as health, education and
jobs. It recognises the key role investing in
infrastructure will have in improving lives by
bringing more places across the UK closer to
‘opportunity. Under the Levelling Up Fund,
£4.8bn has been set aside for local projects,
such as regeneration and transport across
England, Scotland and Wales.

https://assets publishing service gov.uk/
government/uploads/system/uploads/attachment_
data/fle/966138/Levelling_Up_prospectus pdf

10 GallifordTryHoldingspic

The Construction Playbook’ sets out

guidance for how public works are procured.

The Playbook (page 18) places a major focus
on social value, industry sustainability and
supply chain engagement. It favours
long-term contracting across portfolios;
standardised designs, components, and
interfaces; and innovation and MMC.

Our response

© Wearea key contractor for the
Government working across sectors
including highways, environment,
education, health and defence,
which form the backbone of the
country's infrastructure.

© Wehave anational presence from the
Highlands in Scotland, down to Plymouth
inthe South West of England which will

help us to support the levelling up agenda.

2 https://assets publishing service gov.uk/

Digitalisation and adoption of Modern Methods of Construction (MMC).

© Ourcommitmentto creating greater
social value matches the Government's
aims to deliver value to society.

© Asignificant 90% of our order book
isin frameworks, which are akey
procurement route for the delivery of
national infrastructure projects. Similarly,
91% of our order book is inthe public and
regulated sectors.

© Weare focusing heavily on
decarbonisation, both by reducing our
own carbon footprint and helping our
clients to lower carbon from their projects.

© The combined skills of our FM and
construction businesses means that
we are well-placed to retrofit and
optimise existing facilities so that they
have a better environmental and
operational performance.

© Weare driving productivity and
innovation with investment in our
digital capabilities and MMC.

government/uploads/system/uploads/attachment_
data/file/941536/The_Construction_Playbook.pdf