Galliford Try Holdings Pic
Initial accounts
For the period 19 September 2019 — 20 December 2019

Registered number: 12216008

PO

TT

cOYQ88*
20/12/2019 #322
COMPANIES HOUSE

FRIDAY

Galliford Try Holdings Pic

Contents
Company information...............

Statement of Directors' responsibilities.
Independent auditors’ report
Income statement

Balance sheet

Statement of changes in equity ........

Statement of cash flows

Notes to the financial statements.

Galliford Try Holdings Pic

Company information

Directors

A Duxbury

P Ventress

W Yuill

Mitre Secretaries Limited
G Slark

J Townsend

M Cassoni

B Hocking

T Miller

Company secretary
K Corbett

Registered office

Cowley Business Park
Cowley

Uxbridge

Middlesex

England

UB8 2AL

Independent auditors

BDO

55 Baker Street
London

W1U 7EU

(appointed 31 October 2019)

(appointed 31 October 2019)

(appointed 19 September 2019 and resigned 31 October 2019)
(appointed 19 September 2019 and resigned 31 October 2019)
(appointed 19 November 2019)

(appointed 19 November 2019)

(appointed 19 November 2019)

(appointed 19 November 2019)

(appointed 19 November 2019)

(appointed 31 October 2019)

Galliford Try Holdings Pic
Statement of Directors’ Responsibilities

Statement of Directors’ responsibilities

The directors are responsible for preparing these initial accounts in accordance with applicable law and
regulations.

The directors have elected to prepare the initial accounts in accordance with International Financial
Reporting Standards (IFRSs) as adopted by the EU. Under IFRS, the directors must not approve the
initial accounts unless they are satisfied that they are presented fairly. In preparing these initial
accounts, the directors are required to:

* select suitable accounting policies and then apply them consistently;

« state whether applicable IFRSs as adopted by the EU have been followed, subject to any
material departures disclosed and explained in the financial statements;

* make judgements and accounting estimates that are reasonable and prudent; and

© prepare the initial accounts on the going concern basis unless it is inappropriate to presume
that the Company will continue in business.

The directors are responsible for keeping adequate accounting records that are sufficient to show and
explain the Company's transactions and disclose with reasonable accuracy at any time the financial
position of the Company and enable them to ensure that the financial statements comply with the
Companies Act 2006. They are also responsible for safeguarding the assets of the Company and hence
for taking reasonable steps for the prevention and detection of fraud and other irregularities.

On behalf of the board:

Andrew Duxbury

Director,
20| 2} LN

Galliford Try Holdings Pic
Independent auditors’ report

Report of the independent auditor to the directors of Galliford Try Holdings Pic under section
839(5) of the Companies Act 2006

We have examined the initial accounts of Galliford Try Holdings Plc for the period from 19 September
2019 to 20 December 2019, which comprise the statement of comprehensive income, the balance
sheet, the statement of changes in equity, the statement of cash flows, and the related notes. The initial
accounts have been prepared under the accounting policies set out therein.

Respective responsibilities of directors and auditors

As described in the statement of directors’ responsibilities the directors are responsible for the
preparation of the initial accounts in accordance with applicable law and International Financial
Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union.

Our responsibility is to report to you our opinion as to whether the initial accounts have been properly
prepared within the meaning of section 839(4) of the Companies Act 2006.

Opinion

In our opinion the initial accounts for the period from 19 September 2019 to 20 December 2019 have
been properly prepared within the meaning of section 839(4) of the Companies Act 2006.

Use of our report

This report is made solely to the company’s directors, as a body, in accordance with section 839(5) of
the Companies Act 2006. Our audit work has been undertaken so that we might state to the company's
directors those matters we are required to state to them in an auditor's report and for no other purpose.
To the fullest extent permitted by law, we do not accept or assume responsibility to anyone other than
the company and the company’s directors as a body, for our audit work, for this report, or for the
opinions we have formed

Roo Lep
Thomas Edward Goodworth (Senior Statutory Auditor)
For and on behalf of BDO LLP, Statutory Auditor

London
United Kingdom

_ 2olialt4

BDO LLP is a limited liability partnership registered in England and Wales (with registered number
0305127).

Galliford Try Holdings Pic
Statement of comprehensive income for the period ended 20 December 2019

Period ended
20 December
2019

£

Revenue -
Cost of sales -

Gross profit -
Administrative expenses -

Operating profit -
Interest receivable and similar income -
Interest payable and similar charges -

Profit before taxation -
Tax charge on profit =

Profit for the financial year =

Profit and other comprehensive income for the period :

There has been no activity since incorporation as the Company has not commenced operations, nor has the
Company entered into any contracts.

Galliford Try Holdings Plc
Balance sheet as at 20 December 2019

20 December

2019

Notes £
Assets
Current assets
Trade and other receivables 3 100,001
Cash and cash equivalents 4 1
Total current assets 100,002
Total assets 100,002
Liabilities
Current liabilities
Trade and other payables 5 (50,000) _
Total current liabilities (50,000)
Net current assets 50,002
Total liabili (50,000)
Net assets 50,002
Equity
Share capital 6 1
Share premium -
Profit and loss account 7 50,001
Total equity 50,002

The notes on pages 8 to 11 are an integral part of these financial statements.

These initial financial statements were approved by the Board of directors on 20 December 2019 and signed
on its behalf by:

Andrew Duxbury
Director

Registered number: 12216008

Galliford Try Holdings Pic
Statement of changes in equity for the period ended 20 December 2019

Profit and
Share Share loss Total
capital premium account equity
£ £ £ £
At 19 September 2019 - - - -
Shares issued (note 6) 1 - - 1
Total comprehensive income for the period - - - -
Capital contribution (note 7) - - 50,001 50,001
At 20 December 2019 1 - 50,001 50,002

Galliford Try Holdings Pic
Statement of cash flows for the period ended 20 December 2019
Period ended

20 December

2019

Note £

Net cash generated from operating activities -

Net cash generated from investing activities -
Cash flows from financing activities

Net proceeds from issue of ordinary share capital 6 1

Net cash generated from financing activities 1

Net increase in cash and cash equivalents 1

Cash and cash equivalents at 19 September 2019 -

1

Cash and cash equivalents at 20 December 2019

Galliford Try Holdings Pic
Notes to the financial statements for the period ended 20 December 2019

1.

Accounting policies

General Information

Galliford Try Holdings Plc (‘the Company’) is a public limited Company incorporated and domiciled in
England and Wales (Registered number: 12216008). The address of the registered office is Cowley
Business Park, Cowley, Uxbridge, Middlesex, UB8 2AL.

The Company was incorporated as a limited company on 19 September 2019 and is registered in England
and Wales with company number 12216008. On 31 October 2019, the Company changed its name from
New Goldfinch Limited to Galliford Try Holdings Limited. On 6 November 2019 the Company was re-
registered as a public limited company.

The Company has not commenced operations, nor has the Company entered into any contracts. The
principal activity of the Company is intended to be that of a holding company.

These initial accounts are prepared for the purpose of complying with the requirements of Part 23 of the
Companies Act 2006. These initial accounts have not been prepared under section 394 of the Companies
Act 2006 and are not the Company's statutory financial statements.

The financial statements are measured and presented in pounds sterling as that is the currency of the
primary economic environment in which the Company operates

Basis of accounting

These financial statements have been prepared in accordance with EU adopted International Accounting
Standards (IASs), International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRSs), IFRS Interpretations Committee
(IFRS IC) interpretations and with those parts of the Companies Act 2006 applicable to the Company. The
financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis under the historical cost convention.
The Company has consistently applied all accounting standards and interpretations issued by the
International Accounting Standards Board and International Financial Reporting Interpretations Committee,
and endorsed by the EU, relevant to its operations and effective for the period commencing 19 September
2019.

The financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis, which assumes that for the
foreseeable future the Company will be able to meet its liabilities as they fall due. The directors believe that
preparing the financial statements on the going concern basis is appropriate due to the fact that the
Company has sufficient cash to settle its outstanding liabilities as and when they become due. In addition
to this, the Directors intend that in the future, the Company will become the parent company of the group
currently headed by Galliford Try plc.

Trade receivables

Trade receivables are recognised initially at fair value and subsequently measured at amortised cost, using
the effective interest method, less provision for impairment. A provision for impairment of trade receivables
is established based on an expected credit loss model (general or simplified approach as detailed under
impairment of financial assets). The amount of the loss is recognised in the income statement.

When a trade receivable is uncollectible, it is written off against the impairment provision for trade
receivables. Subsequent recoveries of amounts previously written off are credited against cost of sales in
the income statement. Short-term trade receivables do not carry any interest and are stated at their
amortised cost, as reduced by appropriate allowances for estimated irrecoverable amounts.

Galliford Try Holdings Plc
Notes to the financial statements for the period ended 20 December 2019 (continued)

1.

Accounting policies (continued)

Cash and cash equivalents

Cash and cash equivalents are carried in the balance sheet at nominal value. For the purposes of the cash
flow statement, cash and cash equivalents comprise cash at bank and in hand, including bank deposits
with original maturities of three months or less.

Trade payables

Trade payables on normal terms are not interest bearing and are stated at their nominal value Trade
payables on extended terms, are recorded at their fair value at the date of acquisition of the asset to which
they relate. The discount to nominal value is amortised over the period of the credit term and charged to
finance costs using the effective interest rate.

Critical accounting estimates and judgments

The preparation of the financial statements requires management to make judgements, estimates and
assumptions that affect the application of policies and reported amounts of assets and liabilities, income
and expenses. The estimates and associated assumptions are based on historical experience and various
other factors that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the
basis of making judgements about the carrying value of assets and liabilities which are not readily apparent
from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates. The estimates and underlying
assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions to accounting estimates are recognised in the
period in which the estimate is revised if the revision affects only that period, or in the period of revision
and future periods if the revision affects both current and future periods.

In preparing these financial statements, management has made a judgement to account for the redeemable
deferred shares as debt. These instruments are legally equity. This judgement was made on the basis
that the Company has an unavoidable obligation to pay cash to the holder of the redeemable deferred
shares. The company has also made a judgement to account for the gift received from Galliford Try pic as
a capital contribution rather than within the income statement. This judgement was made because
management consider the gift to have been made in effect by the shareholders.

Management have estimated that no expected credit loss provision is required in relation to the other
receivable due from Andrew Duxbury. Management have considered the requirements under IFRS 9 to
record expected credit losses. Given the financial resources of Andrew Duxbury, no material impairment
was deemed necessary. Any change to this estimate would reduce the carrying value of the other
receivable and reduce available distributable reserves.

Financial risk and capital management

The Directors have considered the financial risks that the Company is exposed to. As the company has
receivables due from Galliford Try plc, a listed company with £450m of committed bank facilities, which are
equal to its recorded liabilities, its exposure to liquidity risk is deemed to be very low. The company is
exposed to credit risk as it has a receivable from its shareholder, Andrew Duxbury. However, as discussed
in note 3, it is assessed that the credit risk of this receivable is very low. The company is not exposed to
interest rate risk.

The Directors will continue to monitor the financial risks on a monthly basis during board meetings, and
implement policies to mitigate the potential impact of relevant financial risks if the Company gains additional
exposure.

Galliford Try Holdings Pic
Notes to the financial statements for the period ended 20 December 2019 (continued)

2.

Financial risk and capital management (continued)

The capital of the Company comprises the entirety of the ordinary shares, redeemable deferred shares,
fetained profits and cash. The Company's objectives when managing capital are to safeguard the
Company's ability to continue as a going concern in order to provide returns for shareholders, and to
maintain an optimal capital structure to be in a position to facilitate transactions as and when required to
do so. The Directors consider that the capital structure is adequate for the Company's current
arrangements. In order to maintain or adjust the capital structure, the Group and Company may declare
dividends to shareholders, return capital to shareholders or issue new shares. There are no restrictions or
covenants around the cash held.

Trade and other receivables

2019

£

Other receivables 100,001
Total 100,001

Trade and other receivables do not contain any assets that are past due or impaired.

Included in other receivables is of an amount due from Andrew Duxbury of £50,000 as payment for the
issuance of 50,000 redeemable deferred shares with a nominal value of £1. This receivable is payable on
demand. Further details can be seen in note 5. Andrew Duxbury has undertaken to pay the Company
£50,000 within five years of the date of the undertaking, being 5 November 2019, in consideration for the
redeemable deferred shares.

The remaining £50,001 relates to a gift granted by Galliford Try plc on 17 December 2019.

Cash and cash equivalents

2019

£

Cash and cash equivalents excluding bank overdrafts 1
Total 1

Trade and other payables

2019
£

Other payables _ (50,000)

Total (50,000)

Other payables consist of 50,000 redeemable deferred shares with a nominal value of £1 issued to Andrew
Duxbury. The redeemable deferred shares are redeemable, subject to and in accordance with the
Companies Act 2006, at their nominal value of £50,000, in cash or by full release of the undertaking to pay
such nominal amount by Andrew Duxbury, which is in the control of the Company and Andrew Duxbury.
Such shares shall be redeemed on the next working day following written notice requesting such
redemption being given by either the Company or the holder for the time being of the redeemable deferred
shares. The fair value of these shares is assumed to be equal to their nominal value.

10