\

|

|

|

< |
ray

oe |
a

2 |
2

‘7112020 #275 |

| __ COMPANIES HOUSE

A progressive
business

Galliford Try
Annual Report and
Financial Statements
2020

Strategicreport

Key developments inthe year

1_Whatmakesusdifferent?
2 Ourbusinessataglance
4 Ourbusinessmodel
8 Ourinvestmentcase
10 _Chairman'sstatement
11_Q&Awith the Executivedirectors
14 Marketreview

© Successful transition to a well-capitalised, UK-focused
construction group following the strategic disposal of
the housebuilding divisions.

© Rapid and effective response to Covid-19 to protect
the health and wellbeing of our people and supply chain,
and enable our business to continue to operate safely

16 Ourstrategy and sustainably.
18 Operatingreview
24 Peopleandculture .
27_Healthandsafety Financial performance
29_Riskmanagement Pre-exceptional* Statutory
35 Operating sustainably 9)
40_ Financiaireview Revenue £1,089.6m -22% £1,121.6m -20%
43 Managing our stakeholder relationships

a Contig ——<£(59.7)m 247%  £(34.6)m — +46%
Governance before tax
46 _Chairman'sreview
48 Directors and Executive Board Net cash? £197.2m +£253.8m £197.2m +£253.8m
50 Governance review
57_ Nomination Committeereport z -

? ‘ontinuing ~ +

5@_AuditCommitteereport Continu (47.7)p 346% (29.4)p 34%
61 _RemunerationCommittee report share
63_Directors’ Remuneration Policyreport
70 Annualreportonremuneration
77 Directors’ report
80_ Statement of directors’ responsibilities
Financial information Operational performance?
81_Independent auditors’ report Order book £3. 2bn
88 _Consolidatedincome statement £ (2019: £2.96n)

89 Consolidated statement of comprehensive income

90_Balancesheets

91 Consolidated and Company statements of
changesinequity

92_ Statements of cashflows

93_Notestothe consolidated financial statements

143 Five-year record

144 Shareholder information

Cover photo: Dami li, Graduate Quantity Surveyor,
Building London & South East Commercial.

0.07

Accident Frequency Rate
(2019:0.10)

Alternative performance measures
‘The financial statements in this report include the financial performance of the Linden
Homes and Partnerships & Regeneration divisions, which are presented as discontinued
operations per IFRS 5 as aresult of their disposal on 3 January 2020, The continuing basis’
shown above excludes these businesses unless stated otherwise.

1 Pre-exceptional measures exclude exceptional items as described in the Financial
review on page 40 andin note 4. All future references to pre-exceptionaldata and
ratios are consistent with this definition.

2 Net cashiscash and cash equivalents less current and non-current borrowings
(note 22)

3. Excludes discontinued housebuilding operations.

‘Two alternative performance measures have been removed since last year as they are

no longer relevant to the Group following the disposal of the housebuilding divisions

during the year. These were ‘Group revenue’ which included the share of joint ventures’
revenue and which was primarily relevant only to the housebuilding divisions and

‘Group return on net assets; which provided a measure of the profit returns generated

by the Group's invested capital, and was again primarily relevant to the Partnerships &

Regeneration business.

More information on the Group's alternative performance measures can be found in

note 38 to the financial statements on page 135.

Strategicreport - Governance Financial information

People are key to success in the UK construction

industry - and our network of regional businesses

allows us to build successful local relationships with
Ataglnce —  —— Clients and suppliers nationally.

To make the most of that network, you need to
Finarciareview © —— be well financed, with a balance sheet that makes
you areliable, attractive partner.

Ourstrteey == —— You must have aclear strategy with strong
positions in your chosen sectors, robust
commercial controls and rigorous risk
management. You have to be agile and react
quickly and decisively when needed, as
demonstrated in our response to Covid-19.

Risk management
29

To truly stand out as a construction business,
there is acrucial underpinning factor ~

People andcuiture a progressive culture, focused on

Operating —— long-term performance and value creation

sustainably

35 for all stakeholders.

Bill Hocking
Chief Executive

AnnualReport and Financial Statements 2020

Our business at a glance

One of the UK's leading construction groups

Our divisions

Our core capabilities are delivered through
our Building and Infrastructure divisions:

Building

works with private and public
sector clients, in particular in
health, education and defence.
@ Operatingreviewp20

PPP Investments

delivers major building and infrastructure
projects through public-private
partnerships and co-development
opportunities, generating work for

the wider Group in the process.

@ Operatingreviewp23

2 GallifordTry

Infrastructure

carries out civil engineering projects,
specialising in the highways and
environment sectors.

© Operatingreviewp22

Facilities Management (FM)
predominantly provides services for buildings
which Galliford Try has constructed and
invested in.

How we doit

Our purpose

To improve people's lives through building
the facilities and infrastructure that
communities need. In doing so, we provide
opportunities for our people to learn,
grow and progress, work with our supply
chain to promote the very best practices
and care for the environment.

Our values
We achieve our purpose by holding true to:

Excellence
Striving to deliver the best.

Passion

Committed and enthusiastic in all
that we do.

Integrity

Demonstrating strong ethical standards
with openness and honesty.

Collaboration

Dedicated to working together to
achieve results.

Strategicreport Governance Financial information

We do this by delivering excellence

for our clients and the community, being
passionate about our role in providing vital
services, putting integrity at the heart of
our business and collaborating with our
clients, supply chain and stakeholders.

Our vision

To be a people-orientated, progressive
business, driven by our values to deliver
lasting change for our stakeholders

and communities.

Where we doit

We operate nationally through nine regions in
Building, and UK-wide coverage in Infrastructure.

Areas of Building operations

Morrison Construction Highland

Morrison Construction North East

Morrison Construction Central

Building North East & Yorkshire

Building North West

Building West Midlands & South West

Building East Midlands

Building London & South East Commercial

Building Southern (public sector)

OMONOHOMOMO HOMO IC)

‘AnnualReportand Financial Statements 2020

3

Our business model

Our business model is designed to deliver our purpose and
to create both financial and non-financial value that benefits
all our stakeholders

What we do

Key activities

Promote astrong culture
We promote the culture,
values and behaviours we
want tosee in Galliford Try
toour people, and underpin
this through high standards

of corporate governance.

Collaborate with our
supply chain

Alarge portion of our business
is delivered through our supply
chain, so building successful
tong-term relationships is vital.
‘Our ‘Advantage through
Alignment’ scheme increases
‘engagement with leading supply
chain members, giving them
insight into our pipeline of work
and allowing them to benefit
from our training programmes
and practices.

Deliver excellence

We look to complete projects
tothe highest standards and
are recognised for the quality
of our delivery. We increasingly
use technology and Modern
Methods of Construction, such
as off-site construction and
Building Information Modelling
todeliver superior buildings.
We also continue to invest in
improving our digital technologies
and systems.

Build strong client and
community relationships

Weseek clients who valuea
collaborative approach and

aim to become their long-term
partners, in particular by securing
aplace on major frameworks

We also endeavour to develop
strong community relationships,
recognising that a successful
business needs to be welcomed
by the communities surrounding
its projects.

Whowework with

Government investment in our markets’

£28.8bn
Education Defence Health Highways Environment
Primary and Tooptimise militarysites Capital budget National Roads Fund Newand improved water
secondary education and waste water services.

flooding and droughts

We primarily work with public sector and regulated organisations,
as well as major private sector companies.

Our approach to collaborating with our clients has been accredited
to ISO 44001 and our Delivering Excellence framework helps us to
achieve high levels of client satisfaction.

1 Forsources, see page 14.

4 GallifordTry

Strategicreport

Governance Financialinformation

How we make money

co

High-quality revenue

We enter into different types of contracts with clients. These include fixed-price,
cost plus (where we recover all our costs plus an agreed profit margin), target
cost (where we and the client share gains or losses against the target cost),
frameworks (where clients allocate individual projects to us, as one of their
pre-qualified contractors) and long-term private finance contracts.

Our preference is to operate on frameworks and in two-stage tender processes
that are not purely price dependent. We carefully select the work we take on,
emphasising quality rather than volume and ensuring each project contains
sufficient allowances for risk, margin and inflation. We do not undertake major
infrastructure projects on a fixed-price, all-risk basis.

Robust commercial control and rigorous risk management

We make a profit by managing risk at every stage of the project, as described
on pages 29 to 34. We have robust review and approval controls for bids and
contracts and use a risk-based heat map tool to support contract selection and
bid approval.

In addition to construction projects, we earn revenue and profit from our

PPP investments and Facilities Management businesses. These offer lower-risk
annuity type income and margin accretion.

Good capital management

Our business is typically cash generative, as we receive regular payments
from clients as projects progress.

The Group does not require significant investment in fixed assets or working
capital and we therefore only use a modest amount of cash for ongoing
investment in the business and for investing in PPP projects. This leaves
funds to pay an appropriate level of dividend, while maintaining our balance
sheet strength.

‘Annual Report and Financial Statements 2020

Our business model
continued

What sets us apart

We stand out in a competitive market for our innovative and
values-driven approach.

6

Through our progressive nature and commitment to
delivering excellence, we constantly pursue new and
better ways of working - embracing new technologies,
construction methods and management tools that help
us lead the sector.

We pride ourselves on the relationships we build across
our operations and are firmly committed to doing the
right thing, creating greater social value through what
wedo.

We don't take our position for granted. We continue
with our strategy to retain and enhance what's good
about our business and improve where we can to deliver
for our stakeholders.

Gallitord Try

Strategic report Governance

information

Our key resources and relationships

Our impact

People

Our success comes from our people.
We therefore need to retain and attract
the right talent for our business and
create an inclusive environment in
which they are enabled to thrive,

@ People andculturep24 and Health andsafety p27

We place the highest priority on protecting
our people's health, safety and wellbeing.

‘We commit to supporting our people
personally and professionally, and at every
level,so they achieve their potential. We
offer a fast-paced, exciting environment
that guides, challenges and develops them.

Clients

We carefully choose the sectors
we want to work in and the clients
we partner with.

© Operatingreviewp1é

Asatrusted partner to our clients,

we deliver high-quality buildings and
infrastructure that form the fabricof our
society, while also helping our clients to
achieve their sustainability objectives.

& Supply chain
Our supply chain predominantly consists

of subcontractors, who operate on
our sites, and suppliers, who provide
materials. We select and manage our
subcontractors and some materials
suppliers at a local level and procure
key commodities centrally.

© suppiychainp38

‘Through our supply chain we support jobs
and local economies and enable our
suppliers and subcontractors to grow
their businesses alongside ours.

‘Our Advantage through Alignment
programme provides a programme
‘of support, training and education
tokey supply chain members to
engender collaborative, mutually-
beneficial relationships.

Communities

Our positive impact on communities
is significant, both through the way
we work and the legacy we leave in
the form of buildings, infrastructure
and other assets.

© ssociatandcommunity matters p39

activity we generate in our communities,
we deliver buildings and infrastructure
that benefit the people living in and
around them, whether by providing
schools, offices, roads, environmental
improvements or recreational facilities.

We believe in maximising the positive
impact of our operations through active
engagement with the local community and
assessing and addressing our impacts in
relation tothem.

@ Natural resources
Our building processes use natural
resources, including land, materials

and energy.
@ Environment and climate change p36

We aim to optimise our use of natural
resources and reduce our associated
environmental impact, recognising that
environmental protection and climate
change are among the greatest challenges
we face.

Financial resources

We maintain a robust balance sheet
to give clients, our supply chain and
shareholders reassurance that we
area financially sustainable business.
@ Financial review p40

Carefully managing our financial resources
helps to ensure that shareholders typically
benefit from rising earnings and dividends,
while ensuring we remain soundly financed.

2,944 4,647

people employed training days

across the Group delivered to

atthe yearend staff inthe year

72% 70%

net promoter score repeat business

Gold Member

status fromthe of Prompt

Supply Chain Payment Code

‘Sustainability Schoo!

41.1 £195,000+

Considerate charitable donations

Constructors

Scheme score,

95% 30%

waste diverted reduction in carbon

from landfill emissions from
calendar years,
2018 to 2019

£141m

averagemonth

endcashsince

the disposal of

housebuilding

divisions

Annual Report and Financial Statements 2020

Our investment case
Our investment proposition is driven by a progressive culture

National presence | Finance

Our national presence and local
relationships are a key strength

© We have established regional offices and
consistently apply our strategy across
the UK. We are on numerous major
public sector and regulated frameworks,
and have strong relationships with
local clients and suppliers.

Key frameworks

- Department for Education's school
building framework (six lots).

- ProCure22 Department of Health and
Social Care Framework.

- Crown Commercial Service Capital
Works Framework.

- Defence Infrastructure Organisation
Capital Works Framework.

- hub North Scotland, hub South East
Scotland, hub South West Scotland
and hub West Scotland.

- Highways England Delivery
Integration Partnership.

- AMP7 - Yorkshire Water, Southern
Water and Thames Water.

@ Operatingreviewp18

8 — GallifordTry

Robust, flexible balance sheet
and economic model

© Galliford Try has a significant net cash
position, no pension scheme liabilities and
no competition for capital inside a diversified
group. The way we operate gives us high
visibility of future revenues.

of 2021 revenues
already secured

Commercial ’health checks’ provide an
independent assessment of reported
project performance and forecast outturn:

© Financial reviewp40

Strategicreport Governance Financial information

Focus

Strong position ina
growing market

© We have a highly disciplined approach and
only operate in sectors where we have core
and proven strengths. This allows us to work
with long-term clients and benefit from major,
long-term public sector, infrastructure and
regulatory spending.

O%

of new work won in FY20
iswith repeat clients

The Government's investment in the
UK's social and economic infrastructure
is a fundamental driver of demand for
our services

© Market review p14

Culture

Values-driven, people-orientated
and progressive

© Weare committed to doing the right thing
for all our stakeholders. In particular, our
people are valued and motivated, and we
appreciate the benefits brought by diversity
of background and thought. We embrace
change, invest in new technology and employ
sustainable practices to deliver lasting, positive
change for communities across the UK.

© Peopleand culture p24

‘Annual Report and Financial Statements 2020

9

Chairman’s statement

Atransformational year

Galliford Try has been through a transformational
period, which gives us a focused and financially sound
construction group, with a strong order book of
lower-risk contracts at appropriate margins.

This was a significant year in the history
of Galliford Try, as we completed the
strategic disposal of the Group's
housebuilding divisions at the start of
2020. Linden Homes and Partnerships
& Regeneration were successful and
profitable businesses but, over time,
itwas evident they lacked a clear
strategic fit with Construction.

We therefore took the decision to separate
them from Construction and satisfactorily
worked with the acquiror, Vistry Group plc
{formerly Bovis Homes), over several months
toachieve that objective.

In doing so, we unlocked considerable value
trapped within the businesses.

The new Group started well as an independent
business, as it benefited from the operational
review we completed in early 2019 and our
work to finalise challenging legacy contracts,
inparticular the Aberdeen Western
Peripheral Route. Crucially, we ensured that
the transaction resulted in a substantial capital
injection and left us with no debt or pension
liabilities. At the year end, we therefore had
net cash of £197.2mand average month end
cash of £141msince the disposal of the
housebuilding divisions. This is an important
advantage for us, ina sector where there

have been high-profile corporate failures in
recent years.

Despite this promising start, the Covid-19
‘outbreak led tous operating below normal
productivity for a number of weeks. We were
required to close our sites in Scotland for a
period and while most of our sites in England
remained open, we took an early decision to
risk assess our sites and modify or curtail our

10 GallifordTry

activities where necessary. The Group worked
closely with Government and industry bodies,
clients and other authorities to ensure we could
work safely and productively and I want to
thank our people for their resourcefulness and
dedication during these exceptional times.
‘While the nature of our business means that.
work has been delayed rather than ost,
Covid-19 has had a significant impact on our
financial performance in the year to 30 June
2020, including reduced revenue and increased
project costs. For more information on our
rapid response to the pandemic, see the Q&A
on page 11.

Dividends

After the sale of the housebuilding divisions,
we adopted a target of paying a dividend that
was three times covered by underlying
earnings, provided it was also at least covered
by free cash flow in the period, given the
importance of maintaining our strong capital
base. However, in response to Covid-19,

we thought it prudent to cancel the payment

of the interim and final dividends to preserve
cash. We plan toresume dividends as we return
toprofitability.

Management and the Board

We have an experienced Executive Board
under Bill Hocking, who previously led our
Construction business and became Chief
Executive of the Group on 3 January 2020.

Bill replaced Graham Prothero, who departed
with the sale of our housebuilding divisions.
Iwant to thank Graham for his contribution
during his seven years on the Board. The
seamless transition from Graham to Bill again
demonstrated the quality of our succession
planning at plc and Executive Board level,
following the internal appointments of Graham
and our Finance Director, Andrew Duxbury,

inthe previous year. We now need to refresh
‘our succession plans and make sure they are
appropriate for the new Group.

On 6 July 2020 we announced that Jeremy
Townsend will be stepping down from the
Board this year. | woul ‘to thank him for
his valued contribution.

‘The Board was otherwise unchanged during
the year. With one business rather than three,
our governance approachis more focused

and the Board has adapted well to remote
meetings during the pandemic. We may
continue to hold some meetings remotely in
future, enabling us to spend more time seeing
the business in action when we do meet in
person. Our strengthened internal audit and
risk departments have focused on how remote
working challenges our governance and
assurance, and we are confident we are ina
strong position.

People and culture

Ahallmark of Bill's leadership is his passion for
people and culture. We see Galliford Try asa
people-orientated, progressive business,
driven by strong values (page 3), which help to
determine our strategic direction and ensure
we are all working to common goals.

Prior to the onset of Covid-19, the Board had
put alot of work into testing the Group's culture,
whether by visiting sites, inviting people to join
us at Board meetings or in less formal settings.
Culture remains high on our list of priorities and
we will continue to work with the Executive
Board to find new ways of monitoring and
understanding it, recognising that creating the
conditions where a good culture can exist is an
‘ongoing process.

‘Two-way communication is central to a robust
culture and the Board is benefiting from Terry
Miller's role as our designated Non-executive
Director with responsibility for engaging with
the workforce as chair of the Employee Forum.
Sheis also helping to shape our approach to
stakeholder engagement through chairing

our Stakeholder Steering Committee. However,
Iremain very keen that all of the Board continue
tohave direct exposure to our people.

Looking ahead

Galliford Try has been through a
transformational period, which gives

usa focused and financially sound
construction group, with a strong order

book of lower-risk contracts at appropriate
margins. The management teamis committed
and enthused by the opportunities ahead
Notwithstanding the uncertainties raised by
Covid-19, we are confident this positions us
for success in the coming years.

Peter Ventress
‘Chairman