Nutrien Ltd. 
 
 
 
Annual Information Form 
Year Ended December 31, 2025
2 
1 – Table of contents 
 
Following is the table of contents of this Annual Information Form (“AIF”) referencing the applicable requirements of Form 51-102F2 
– Annual Information Form  of the Canadian Securities Administrators. Certain information required to be disclosed in this AIF is 
contained in Nutrien Ltd.’s management’s discussion and analysis (“2025 MD&A”), and audited consolidated financial statements for 
the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024 (“2025 Consolidated Financial Statements”) and is incorporated by reference herein 
to the extent noted below and throughout this AIF; these documents are available under Nutrien’s corporate profile on the Canadian 
Securities Administrators’ SEDAR+ website at sedarplus.ca and on the EDGAR section of the United States (“US”) Securities and 
Exchange Commission’s (“SEC”) website at sec.gov. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Annual Information 
Form 
page reference 
Incorporated by reference 
from the 2025 Consolidated 
Financial Statements 
1 Table of contents 2-3  
2 Advisories 4-6  
2.1 Forward-looking information 4  
2.2 Basis of presentation 6  
3 Corporate structure 6-7  
3.1 Name, address and incorporation 6  
3.2 Intercorporate relationships 7  
4 General development of the business 7-9  
4.1 Three-year history 7 Notes 14, 15, 16, 19 and 23 
5 Description of the business 9-31 Notes 3 and 26 
5.1 Upstream  10  
5.1A Potash segment 10  
5.1B Nitrogen segment 11  
5.1C Phosphate segment 12  
5.2 Midstream  13  
5.3 Downstream – Retail segment 15  
5.4 Specialized skills and knowledge 16  
5.5 Intangible properties 16 Note 15 
5.6 Seasonality 16  
5.7 Environmental matters 16 Notes 22 and 27 
5.8 Employees 19  
5.9 Social and environmental policies 20  
5.10 Risk factors 22  
5.11 Mineral projects 31  
6 Dividends 31-32  
7 Description of capital structure 32-33  
7.1 General description of capital structure 32 Notes 4, 19 and 23 
7.2 Constraints 33  
7.3 Debt ratings 33  
8 Market for securities 34  
8.1 Trading price and volume 34  
8.2 Prior sales 34 Notes 7 and 23 
9 Escrowed securities and securities subject to contractual 
restriction on transfer 
34
3 
 
 Annual Information 
Form  
page reference 
Incorporated by reference 
from the 2025 Consolidated 
Financial Statements 
10 Directors and officers 34-38  
10.1 Name, occupation and security holding 34  
10.2 Cease trade orders, bankruptcies, penalties or sanctions 37  
10.3 Conflicts of interest 38  
11 Promoters 38  
12 Legal proceedings and regulatory actions 38 Note 27 
13 Interest of management and others in material transactions  38  
14 Transfer agent, registrar and trustees 38  
15 Material contracts 38  
16 Interests of experts 39  
17 Audit Committee 39-42  
17.1 Audit Committee Charter 39  
17.2 Composition of the Audit Committee 39  
17.3 Relevant education and experience of members of the 
Audit Committee 
39  
17.4 Pre-approval policies and procedures 42  
17.5 External auditor service fees (by category) 42  
18 Additional information 43  
Schedule A Audit Committee Charter 44-50  
Schedule B Mineral projects 51-73  
a. Material potash operations 51  
b. Allan potash operations 62  
c. Cory potash operations 64  
d. Lanigan potash operations 66  
e. Rocanville potash operations 68  
f. Vanscoy potash operations 71
4 
2 – Advisories 
 
2.1 Forward-looking information 
 
Certain statements and other information included in this AIF, including within the documents incorporated by reference, constitute 
“forward-looking information” or “forward-looking statements” (collectively, “forward -looking statements”) under applicable securities 
laws (such statements are often accompanied by words such as “anticipate”, “forecast”, “expect”, “believe”, “may”, “will”, “should”, 
“estimate”, “project”, “intend” or other similar words). All statements in this document, other than those relating to historical information 
or current conditions, are forward-looking statements, including, but not limited to:  
 
• our strategic review of certain assets, including our Phosphate business and Trinidad Nitrogen Facility, and any outcome 
therefrom and timing thereof; 
• expectations regarding performance and competitive positions of our operating segments; 
• our projections for cash from operations and expectations regarding our capital allocation intentions and strategies; 
• our advancement of strategic and growth initiatives;  
• capital spending expectations; 
• expectations related to our 2026 normal course issuer bid (“NCIB”) program and share repurchases thereunder;  
• our market outlook for 2026  and our expectations for market conditions and fundamentals , including crop nutrient markets, 
anticipated supply and demand for our products and services, expected market and industry and growing conditions with respect 
to crop nutrient application rates, farmer crop investment, crop mix, including the need to replenish soil nutrient levels, production 
volumes and expenses, shipments, natural gas costs and availability, consumption, prices, operating rates and the impact of 
seasonality, import and export volumes, economic sanctions , tariffs and other trade or export  restrictions, inventories, crop 
development and natural gas curtailments; 
• expectations concerning future product offerings; 
• expectations regarding changes in the agriculture space, including continued farm consolidation in the US and other developed 
markets and the continued advancement and adoption of technology and digital innovations , including the use and anticipated 
effects of more efficient mining, including automation, new crop input technologies and agronomic capabilities; 
• expectations regarding acquisitions and divestitures; 
• expectations regarding environmental compliance requirements and costs, including with respect to air emissions, water quality, 
estimates of asset retirement obligations, federal and provincial carbon pricing,  permits, approvals , site assessment and 
remediation costs;  
• our business strategies, plans, prospects and opportunities, and our sustainability, climate change and Environmental, Social 
and Governance (“ESG”) (together, “sustainability”) initiatives and proposed responses to climate change and Sustainability 
policies and regulations; 
• the effects of the potential removal of the carbon price freeze and results and timing of carbon pricing legislation reviews;  
• the negotiation of sales and other contracts, including the anticipated renegotiation and expiry of existing contracts; 
• initiatives to promote innovative and productive agriculture; 
• expectations regarding future changes in our credit ratings; and 
• expectations regarding our mineral reserve and resource estimates, and the annual nameplate capacity and annual operational 
capability of our mines and associated mine life estimates. 
 
These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of assumptions, risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond our 
control, which could cause actual results to differ materially from such forward-looking statements. As such, undue reliance shou ld 
not be placed on these forward-looking statements. 
 
All of the forward-looking statements are qualified by the assumptions that are stated or inherent in such forward-looking statements, 
including the assumptions referred to below and elsewhere in this document. Although we believe that these assumptions are 
reasonable, having regard to our experience and our perception of historical trends, such assumptions are not exhaustive of the 
factors that may affect any of the forward-looking statements and the reader should not place undue reliance on these assumpti ons 
and such forward-looking statements. Current conditions, economic and otherwise, render assumptions, although reasonable when 
made, subject to greater uncertainty.  
 
Additional key assumptions that have been made in relation to the operation of our business as currently planned and our abil ity to 
achieve our business objectives include, among other things: 
 
• assumptions and expectations regarding our strategic priorities and targets in 2026 and beyond, and our ability to achieve them;
5 
• that future business, regulatory and industry conditions will be within the parameters expected by us , including with respect to 
prices, expenses, margins, demand, supply, product availability,  shipments, consumption, weather conditions,  supplier 
agreements, product distribution agreements , inventory levels, exports , crop development and cost of labor and interest, 
exchange and effective tax rates; 
• assumptions with respect to global economic conditions and the accuracy of our market out look expectations for 2026 and in  
the future; 
• assumptions related to our calculation of asset and goodwill impairments of certain of our cash generating units;  
• assumptions with respect to our intention to complete share repurchases under our NCIB programs, including the funding of such 
share repurchases, existing and future market conditions, including with respect to the price of our common shares, and 
compliance with respect to applicable limitations under securities laws and regulations and stock exchange policies; 
• assumptions related to our ability to fund our dividends at the current level;  
• our expectations regarding the impacts, direct and indirect, of certain geopolitical conflicts on, among other things, global supply 
and demand, including for crop nutrients,  energy and commodity prices , global interest rates, supply chains and the global 
macroeconomic environment, including inflation; 
• assumptions with respect to our ability to successfully complete, integrate and realize the anticipated benefits of our already 
completed and future acquisitions and divestitures, and that we will be able to implement our standards, controls, procedures  
and policies in respect of any acquired businesses and realize the expected synergies on the anticipated timeline or at all; 
• the adequacy of our cash generated from operations and our ability to access our credit facilities or capital markets for additional 
sources of financing; 
• our ability to identify suitable candidates for acquisitions and divestitures and negotiate acceptable terms; 
• availability of investment opportunities that align with our strategic priorities and growth strategy; 
• our ability to maintain investment grade ratings and achieve our performance targets;  
• our ability to successfully negotiate sales and other contracts; and 
• our ability to successfully implement new initiatives and programs. 
 
Events or circumstances could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements.  
 
With respect to our business generally and our ability to meet the other targets, commitments, goals, strategies and related milestones 
and schedules disclosed in this document, such events or circumstances include, but are not limited to:  
 
• general global economic, market and business conditions; 
• failure to achieve expected results of our business strategy, capital allocation initiatives , results of operations or our targets for 
2026 and beyond; 
• failure to achieve an optimal outcome of our strategic review process for our Phosphate business;  
• failure to complete announced and future acquisitions or divestitures at all or on the expected terms and within the  
expected timeline; 
• seasonality; 
• climate change and weather conditions, including impacts from hurricanes, tornados, regional flooding and/or drought conditions; 
• crop planted acreage, yield and prices; 
• the supply and demand and price levels for our products; 
• governmental and regulatory requirements and actions by governmental authorities, including changes in government policy 
(including in respect of tariffs, trade restrictions and climate change initiatives) and government ownership requirements;  
• the potential that Nutrien may become subject to new laws or regulations that impose new requirements or require new or  
additional permits or approvals, and the associated effects thereof, and changes in environmental (including those applicable to 
our products and any hazardous goods), tax, antitrust, and other laws or regulations and the interpretation thereof; 
• trade restrictions, including the imposition of any tariffs, or other changes to international trade agreements;  
• the effects of current and future international trade agreements or other developments affecting global trade; 
• political or military risks, including civil unrest, actions by armed groups or conflict and malicious acts , including terrorism and 
industrial espionage; 
• our ability to access sufficient, cost -effective and timely transportation, distribution and storage of products  (including potential 
rail transportation or port disruptions due to labor strikes and/or work stoppages or other similar actions); 
• the occurrence of a major environmental or safety incident or becoming subject to legal or regulatory proceedings; 
• innovation and cybersecurity risks related to our systems, including our costs of addressing or mitigating such risks; 
• counterparty and sovereign risk; 
• delays in completion of turnarounds at our major facilities  or challenges related to our major facilities that are outside of our 
control; 
• interruptions of or constraints in availability of key inputs, including natural gas and sulfur; 
• any significant impairment of the carrying amount of certain assets;
6 
• the risk that interest rates may rise and/or deterior ation of business operating results may result in the further impairment of 
assets or goodwill attributed to certain of our cash generating units; 
• risks related to reputational loss; 
• certain complications that may arise in our mining processes; 
• the ability to attract, engage and retain skilled employees, and strikes or other forms of work stoppages; 
• geopolitical conflicts, including the war in Eastern Europe and the conflict in the Middle East, and their potential impact on, among 
other things, global market conditions and supply and demand, including for crop nutrients, energy and commodity prices, interest 
rates, supply chains and the global economy generally; and 
• other risk factors detailed from time to time in Nutrien reports fi led with the Canadian securities regulators and the SEC  in  
the US. 
 
For additional details regarding the risks listed above, see “Risk factors” discussed in this AIF for a description of other risk factors 
affecting forward-looking statements. 
 
The forward-looking statements in this document are made as of the date hereof and we disclaim any intention or obligation to update 
or revise any forward-looking statements in this AIF as a result of new information or future events, except as may be required under 
applicable Canadian securities legislation or applicable US federal securities laws. 
 
2.2 Basis of presentation 
 
Nutrien’s consolidated financial information for 2025, 2024 and 2023 presented and discussed in this AIF is prepared in accordance 
with International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRS”) as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board. This AIF is 
dated February 19, 2026, and the information contained herein is current as of such date, unless otherwise specified. 
 
Unless expressly stated, the information contained on, or accessible from,  our website or any other website or any other report or 
document we file with or furnish to applicable Canadian or US securities regulatory authorities  is not incorporated by reference into 
this AIF. 
 
3 – Corporate structure 
 
In this AIF, unless otherwise specified, the term “Nutrien” refers to Nutrien Ltd. and, unless the context requires otherwise, the terms 
“we”, “us”, “our”, “Nutrien” and the “Company” refer to Nutrien and its direct and indirect subsidiaries, individually or in any combination, 
as applicable. Financial information in this AIF is presented in US dollars and references to “dollars”, “$” and “US$” are to US dollars 
and references to “CAD$” are to Canadian dollars. 
 
3.1 Name, address and incorporation 
 
Nutrien is a corporation incorporated under the Canada Business Corporations Act (“CBCA”). 
 
Nutrien’s registered and head office is Suite 1700, 211 19th Street East, Saskatoon, Saskatchewan, Canada S7K 5R6.
7 
3.2 Intercorporate relationships 
 
Principal subsidiaries 1 
Jurisdiction of incorporation, formation 
or organization Ownership 
Potash Corporation of Saskatchewan Inc. (“PotashCorp”) Canada 100% 
Nutrien (Canada) Holdings ULC (“Agrium”) British Columbia, Canada 100% 
Agrium Canada Partnership Alberta, Canada 100% 
Agrium Potash Ltd. Canada 100% 
Cominco Fertilizer Partnership  Texas, US 100% 
Loveland Products Inc. Colorado, US 100% 
Nutrien Ag Solutions (Canada) Inc. Canada 100% 
Nutrien Ag Solutions, Inc. Delaware, US 100% 
Nutrien Ag Solutions Limited Western Australia, Australia 100% 
PCS Nitrogen Fertilizer, L.P. Delaware, US 100% 
PCS Nitrogen Trinidad Limited Trinidad 100% 
PCS Phosphate Company, Inc. Delaware, US 100% 
PCS Sales (USA), Inc. Delaware, US 100% 
Nutrien Financial US LLC Delaware, US 100% 
1  In aggregate, our remaining subsidiaries not listed herein accounted for less than 20 percent of our consolidated assets and less than 20 percent of our consolidated  
sales as at and for the year ended December 31, 2025. 
 
4 – General development of the business 
 
4.1 Three-year history 
 
Divestitures  
 
In 2024, we announced an update to our strategic priorities which included, among others , simplifying our business and focusing on 
business activities that are core to our long -term vision while pursuing opportunities to exit non-core activities . In line with these 
priorities, we pursued the divestiture of non -core assets including divesting 13 percent of our total ownership position in Sinofert 
Holdings Limited (“Sinofert”). We also closed more than 50 locations and suspended operations at all blending facilities in Brazil, to 
reduce our fixed costs and improve asset efficiency , for non-core Retail assets in South America.  We have since also initiated the 
divestiture of idle facilities in Brazil as part of our continued strategy to exit non-core activities.   
 
In 2025, we fully divested our remaining equity ownership interest in Sinofert and sold our 50 percent equity position in Profertil S.A. 
(“Profertil”).  
 
Divestitures 
Gross Proceeds  
(US$ millions) 
Profertil  595 
Sinofert  193 
 
Strategic Actions 
In the fourth quarter of 2025, we completed a controlled shutdown of our Trinidad Nitrogen facility due to uncertainty with respect to 
port access and a lack of reliable and economic gas supply. In addition, we initiated a review of strategic alternatives for our Phosphate 
business, which may include reconfiguring operations, strategic partnerships or a potential sale of all or part of the business . We 
intend to solidify the optimal path for our Phosphate business and Trinidad assets in 2026.
8 
Asset impairment and reversals 
 
Year 
Non-cash 
impairment 
(reversals) 
(US$ millions) Description 
2024 335 Impairment of Retail – Brazil property, plant and equipment and intangible assets  due to ongoing 
market instability resulting in more moderate margin expectations 
2024 195 Impairment of the property, plant and equipment related to the Geismar Clean Ammonia project at 
our Geismar, Louisiana facility as we decided in 2024 to no longer pursue the project  
2023 233 Impairment of Phosphate – White Springs property, plant and equipment due to the volatility of 
forecasted phosphate margins  
2023 465 Impairment of Retail – South America goodwill and intangible assets mainly due to the impact of 
crop input price volatility, more moderate long-term growth assumptions and higher interest rates 
2023 76 Impairment of Nitrogen – Trinidad property, plant and equipment due to a new natural gas contract 
and the resulting outlook for higher expected natural gas costs and constrained near-term availability 
 
NCIB programs  
 
 Commencement 
date 
 
Expiry 
Maximum shares for 
repurchase 
Number of shares 
repurchased 
2026 NCIB 1 March 3, 2026 March 2, 2027 24,057,066 nil 
2025 NCIB 2 March 3, 2025 March 2, 2026 24,462,941 8,708,901 
2024 NCIB  March 1, 2024 February 28, 2025 24,728,159 6,163,104 
2023 NCIB  March 1, 2023 February 29, 2024 24,962,194 5,375,397 
1  On February 18, 2026, our Board of Directors (the “Board”) approved a share repurchase program for up to five percent of our outstanding common shares (the “2026 
NCIB”). The 2026 NCIB will expire earlier than the date above if we acquire the maximum number of common shares allowable or otherwise decide not to make any further 
repurchases. 
2  Includes common shares repurchased to February 17, 202 6. Subsequent to December 31, 2025 , an additional 1,097,694  common shares were repurchased for 
cancellation at an aggregate cost of $73 million and an average price per share of $66.97. 
 
The table below sets forth the number of common shares we have repurchased during the last three fiscal years, in each case, under 
the applicable NCIB through open market purchases at market prices. 
 
Common shares repurchased  2025 2024 2023 
Total amount, inclusive of tax (US$ millions) 560 190 1,000 
Number of shares 9,829,408 3,944,903 13,378,189 
 
Senior notes issuances and repayments 
 
In 2024, we filed a base shelf prospectus in Canada and the US qualifying the issuance of common shares, debt securities and other 
securities during a period of 25 months from March 22, 2024. On March 27, 2023, we issued $1.5 billion of senior notes as described 
below. On June 21, 2024, we issued $1.0 billion of senior notes and, on March 11, 2025, we issued $1.0 billion of senior notes, each 
as described below and in each case pursuant to the base shelf prospectus and a prospectus supplement. 
 
The senior notes issued, as  listed below, are unsecured, rank equally with our existing unsecured debt and have no sinking fund 
requirements prior to maturity.
9 
The following tables summarize our long-term debt issuances and repayment activities during the last three fiscal years. 
 
Issuances and repayments (US$ millions) 2025 2024 2023 
Senior note issuances:    
4.900%, due March 27, 2028   750 
5.800%, due March 27, 2053   750 
5.200%, due June 21, 2027  400  
5.400%, due June 21, 2034  600  
4.500%, due March 12, 2027 400   
5.250%, due March 12, 2032 600   
 1,000 1,000 1,500 
Senior note repayments:    
1.900%, matured May 13, 2023   (500) 
5.900%, matured November 7, 2024  (500)  
3.000%, matured April 1, 2025 (500)   
5.950%, matured November 7, 2025 (500)   
 (1,000) (500) (500) 
 
Credit facilities 
 
Credit facilities  2025 2024 2023 
$4,500 million unsecured 
revolving term facility 
Maturity date extended from 
September 4, 2029, to 
September 4, 2030.  
Maturity date extended from 
September 14, 2027, to 
September 4, 2029. 
No change. 
$1,000 million uncommitted 
revolving demand facility 
No change.  No change. No change. 
$500 million unsecured 
revolving term facility 
Extended the term of the 
facility from September 3, 
2025, to September 2, 2026, 
and reduced the facility limit to 
$500 million.  
Extended the term of the 
facility from September 10, 
2024, to September 3, 2025, 
and reduced the facility limit to 
$750 million. 
Extended the term of the 
facility from September 13, 
2023, to September 10, 2024, 
and reduced the facility limit to 
$1.5 billion. 
Accounts receivable 
purchase facility 
(“repurchase facility”) 
Maturity date extended from 
March 7, 2025, to March 6, 
2026. 
In 2024, we entered into an 
uncommitted $500 million 
repurchase facility, where we 
may sell certain receivables 
from customers to a financial 
institution and agree to 
repurchase those receivables 
at a future date. 
Not applicable.  
 
5 – Description of the business 
 
We are a leading global provider of crop inputs and services . We operate a world-class network  of production, distribution and 
agriculture retail facilities  that positions us to efficiently  serve farmers. Our vision is to be the leading global agricultural solutions 
provider, delivering superior shareholder value through safe and sustainable operations. To achieve this vision, our strategy is 
anchored in three priorities: simplify and focus, operational excellence, and disciplined and intentional approach to capital allocation. 
This strategy is designed to create low -risk, structural free cash flow growth by leveraging our core competencies and to deliver 
reliable, growing shareholder returns. 
 
We report our results in four reportable operating segments: Retail, Potash, Nitrogen and Phosphate. Our reporting structure reflects 
how we manage our business. Sales classified by reportable operating segment and applicable category of products and services 
are provided in Note 3 of the 2025 Consolidated Financial Statements. Material sales to Canpotex Limited (“Canpotex”), an investment 
that is accounted for under the equity method are outlined in Note 3 of the 2025 Consolidated Financial Statements.
10 
Our business operations are further categorized as upstream, midstream and downstream through our involvement across the 
agriculture value chain. Our downstream Retail segment distributes crop nutrients, crop protection products, seed and merchandise, 
and provides services, including financing, direc tly to farmers through a network of R etail locations in North America, Australia  and 
South America. Our upstream Potash, Nitrogen and Phosphate segments are differentiated by the chemical nutrient contained in the 
products that each segment produces and are supported by midstream activities, which include freight, transportation and distribution 
of our products, which are reported within these segments, respectively.  
 
5.1 Upstream  
 
Our upstream operations are focused on our low -cost production assets , including mining, processing and manufacturing of three 
essential crop nutrients needed for fertilizer production: potash, nitrogen and phosphate in a safe and sustainable manner . Our 
fertilizer manufacturing assets are primarily located in North America, which provides access to high- quality resources, lower cost 
inputs and an extensive distribution network to efficiently supply our customers. We sold approximately 27.5 million metric tonnes of 
manufactured fertilizer sales volumes in 2025 from our production facilities in Canada, the US and Trinidad. As of December 31, 2025, 
we estimate our Potash segment represented approximately 20 percent of global potash nameplate capacity, our Nitrogen segment 
represented three percent of global nitrogen nameplate capacity,  and our Phosphate segment represented approximately three 
percent of global phosphate nameplate capacity. 
 
5.1A Potash segment 
 
Overview 
 
Our Potash segment includes the mining and processing of potash, which is predominantly used as fertilizer, at our six Saskatchewan 
potash mines. The Saskatchewan Ministry of Energy and Resources has granted Nutrien the exclusive right to mine potash on 
approximately 394,000 hectares (or approximately 973,000 acres) of Crown land pursuant to subsurface mineral leases. Of the 
394,000 hectares leased from the Crown, approximately 293,000 hectares comprise our Potash operations at the Allan, Cory, 
Lanigan, Patience Lake, Rocanville and Vanscoy mines. Leases also exist with freehold mineral rights owners within the Crown 
subsurface mineral lease areas and elsewhere in Saskatchewan.  All potash subsurface mineral leases are for 21-year terms, 
renewable at our option, subject to certain conditions. 
 
In 2025, our nameplate capacity represented 54 percent of the North American total nameplate capacity, and ou

---

redit ratings for 
our long-term debt. A downgrade of the credit rating of our long-term debt could increase the interest rates applicable to future 
borrowings. 
 
Commercial paper markets are normally a source of same-day cash for the Company. Our access to the US commercial paper market 
primarily depends on maintaining our current short-term credit ratings as well as general conditions in the money markets. 
 
Credit ratings are intended to provide investors with an independent measure of credit quality of an issue of securities. A credit rating 
is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and does not address the market price or suitability of a specific security for a 
particular investor. Such ratings may be subject to revision or withdrawal at any time by the respective credit rating agency and each 
rating should be evaluated independently of any other rating. 
 
The following table sets out ratings the Company has received in respect of its outstanding debt securities from the ratings agencies 
as at the date of this AIF. The Company has paid each of S&P Global Ratings  (“S&P”) and Moody’s Ratings (“Moody’s”) their 
customary fees in connection with the provision of the following ratings. The Company has not made any payments to S&P or Moody’s 
in the past two years for services unrelated to the provision of such ratings. 
 
 S&P rating Moody’s rating 
Nutrien senior notes BBB Baa2 
US$ commercial paper  A-2 P-2 
Ratings outlook Stable Stable 
 
S&P 1   
 
The BBB rating assigned by S&P is the fourth highest rating of S&P’s ten rating categories for long-term debt, which range from AAA 
to D. Issues of debt securities rated BBB are judged by S&P to exhibit adequate protection parameters. However, adverse economic 
conditions or changing circumstances are more likely  to weaken the obligor ’s capacity to meet its financial commitment s on the 
obligations. The ratings from AA to CCC may be modified by the addition of a plus (+) or minus ( -) sign to show relative standing 
within the major rating categories. 
 
The A-2 rating assigned by S&P is the second highest rating of S&P’s six rating categories for short-term debt, which range from A-1 
to D. A short-term obligation rated A-2 is somewhat more susceptible to the adverse effects of changes in circumstances and economic 
conditions than obligations in higher rating categories. However, the obligor ’s capacity to meet its financial commitments on the 
obligation is satisfactory. 
 
S&P’s stable outlook on Nutrien’s credit ratings means that the ratings are not likely to change (generally up to two years). 
 
Moody’s 2 
 
The Baa2 rating assigned by Moody’s is the fourth highest rating of Moody’s nine rating categories for long-term debt, which range 
from Aaa to C. Moody’s appends numerical modifiers from one to three on its long-term debt ratings from Aa to Caa to indicate where 
the obligation ranks within a particular ranking category, with the modifier of two indicating a mid-range ranking. A modifier of one 
indicates that the obligation ranks on the higher end of its generic rating category and a modifier of three indicates that the obligation 
 
1  S&P Global Ratings Definition – December 16, 2025 
2  Moody’s Rating Symbols and Definitions – December 9, 2025
34 
ranks on the lower end of its generic rating category . Obligations rated Baa are defined by Moody’s as being subject to moderate 
credit risk. They are considered medium-grade and as such may possess speculative characteristics.  
 
The P-2 rating assigned by Moody’s is the second highest rating of Moody’s four rating categories for short -term debt, which range 
from P-1 to NP. Issuers rated P-2 are defined by Moody’s as having a strong ability to repay short-term debt obligations. 
 
Moody’s stable outlook on Nutrien’s credit ratings indicates a low likelihood of a rating change over the medium term. 
 
8 – Market for securities 
 
8.1 Trading price and volume 
 
During 2025, Nutrien’s common shares traded on the Toronto Stock Exchange (“TSX”) and the New York Stock Exchange (“NYSE”) 
under the symbol “NTR”. The following table sets out the trading price range and volume of our common shares traded on the TSX 
and the NYSE for 2025 on a monthly basis: 
 
 TSX NYSE 
Month (2025) 
High price 
(CAD$) 
Low price 
(CAD$) Volume 
High price 
(US$) 
Low price 
(US$) Volume 
January 77.41 64.76 36,216,189 53.92 45.00 44,942,240 
February 78.20 70.55 24,788,827 55.10 48.86 49,515,187 
March 76.90 69.94 50,962,780 53.40 48.19 46,765,856 
April 79.06 65.35 49,870,187 57.27 45.78 58,309,914 
May 83.28 74.58 24,073,245 60.50 53.70 43,882,062 
June 88.03 78.20 33,352,865 65.08 57.23 46,242,927 
July 85.96 79.50 28,932,043 62.78 57.77 37,210,563 
August 82.30 75.22 20,401,188 59.56 54.67 46,459,998 
September 84.38 76.86 39,718,973 60.59 55.67 66,939,019 
October 86.16 75.97 36,869,850 61.72 54.12 53,132,499 
November       85.15  74.77 29,392,583 60.86 53.03 42,661,569 
December 88.00 80.39 46,685,536 63.94 58.04 59,827,283 
 
8.2 Prior sales 
During the year ended December 31, 202 5, Nutrien issued 766,195 common shares pursuant to the exercise and settlement of  
outstanding share-based compensation award plans. During 2025, Nutrien also granted 556,585 stock options under its stock option 
plan. See Note 7 and Note 23 of the 2025 Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
 
9 – Escrowed securities and securities subject to contractual 
restriction on transfer 
 
To the knowledge of the Company, none of the securities of the Company are subject to escrow or contractual restriction on transfer. 
 
10 – Directors and officers 
 
10.1 Name, occupation and security holding 
 
Information is given below with respect to each of the directors and executive officers  of Nutrien as at February 19, 2026, including 
names, municipality and country of residence, all current positions held with the Company, present principal occupation, and principal 
occupations held during the last five years. The current directors will hold office until the earlier of their resignation,  our next annual 
meeting of shareho

---

ormer Executive Vice President and Managing Director of McLean Budden Ltd.  
• Lead Director of Imperial Oil Limited 
• Director of the Public Sector Pension Investment Board 
• Chair of the Canadian Investment Regulatory Organization  
• Member of the ICD Climate Strategy Advisory Board  
• Member of the Global Risk Institute Sustainable Finance Advisory Committee  
• Chair of the Canadian Red Cross 
 
Education and Certifications 
• B.Sc. (Biology), Western University 
• MBA, Schulich School of Business at York University  
• CFA Charterholder 
• SASB FSA credential holder 
• NYU Law-Nasdaq Center for Board Excellence Cyber Scholar Certificate 
• CERT certificate in Cybersecurity Oversight, the Software Engineering Institute 
at Carnegie Mellon University  
• Completed Reconciliation Education Advancing Re(al)conciliation, First Nations 
University 
 
Raj S. Kushwaha (2021) 
 
B.Sc. 
Sunny Isles Beach, Florida, United 
States 
 
Other Public Directorships  
None  
Mr. Kushwaha brings deep experience in leading large scale digital transformations, 
building commercial grade SaaS software platforms, and managing Fortune 500 
companies and entrepreneurial late-stage ventures. His expertise in technology and 
innovation, provides a strong resourc e for the Board as we continue to strategically 
leverage technology within our business.  
 
Leadership Experience and Service 
• Managing Director and Chief Digital Officer, Co-Head of Value Creation of 
Warburg Pincus LLC 
• Former senior management at Zimmer Holdings Inc., Dell Computer 
Corporation, PepsiCo, Inc., First Data Corporation, Cummins Engine Company 
and Safeway, Inc. 
• Director of Arise Virtual Solutions Inc.  
• Member of the Technology Advisory Committee of the Boards of Trustees of 
Mount Sinai  
• Former director of Encora Inc. and Cyren Ltd. 
 
Education and Certifications 
• B.Sc. (Electrical Engineering), Jai Narain Vyas University  
• MS (Management of Technology), Massachusetts Institute of Technology  
• MBA, University of Wisconsin – at Madison  
• Completed Advanced Management Program, Harvard University 
• National Association of Corporate Directors Directorship Certification
41 
Name 
(director since) Principal occupation and full biography 
Julie Lagacy (2024) 
 
B.Sc., M.B.A 
St. Petersburg, Florida, US 
Other Public Directorships 
Vistra Corporation, an integrated 
retail electricity and power generation 
company (NYSE) 
Ms. Lagacy brings extensive executive management experience, including financial, 
strategic, technology, cybersecurity, management development, acquisitions, and capital 
allocation to the Board. 
 
Leadership Experience and Service 
• Former Chief Sustainability and Strategy Officer at Caterpillar Inc. 
• Director of Vistra Energy Corp.  
• Former director of RPM International Inc. 
• Director of the Illinois Cancer Care Charitable Foundation 
 
Education and Certifications 
• Dual bachelor’s degree in Management and Economics, Illinois State University 
• MBA, Bradley University 
• Certified Management Accountant 
• CERT certificate in Cybersecurity Oversight, the Software Engineering Institute 
at Carnegie Mellon University 
 
Consuelo E. Madere (2018) 
 
B.Sc., M.B.A. 
Destin, Florida, US 
Other Public Directorships   
Lindsay Corporation, producer of 
irrigation, transportation, and 
industrial solutions (NYSE) 
 
Ms. Madere’s extensive experience in the agri -business sector and significant global 
operations experience brings a unique global perspective to the Board. Ms. Madere has 
chaired the Nomination and Governance committee of two other public company boards 
and has both management consulting and executive coaching experience. 
 
Leadership Experience and Service  
• Former President and Founder of Proven Leader Advisory, LLC 
• Former Vice President, Global Vegetables and Asia Commercial of Monsanto 
Company  
• Director of Lindsay Corporation 
• Former director of S&W Seed Company 
• Emeritus member of  the Dean’s Advisory Council at the Louisiana State 
University Ogden Honors College 
 
Education and Certifications 
• B.Sc. (Chemical Engineering), Louisiana State University 
• MBA, University of Iowa 
• National Association of Corporate Directors Board Leadership Fellow 
• CERT certificate in Cybersecurity Oversight, the Software Engineering Institute 
at Carnegie Mellon University
42 
Name 
(director since) Principal occupation and full biography 
Aaron W. Regent (2018)  
 
B.A., FCPA, FCA 
Toronto, Ontario, Canada 
 
Other Public Directorships  
The Bank of Nova Scotia, a global 
financial services provider (TSX, 
NYSE) 
Mr. Regent brings extensive experience in senior leadership and strategy to our Board. 
His tenure as an executive or board member of leading asset management and financial 
institutions, assists the Board in identifying and assessing a variety of risks faced by, and 
opportunities available to, Nutrien. 
 
Leadership Experience and Service 
• Founder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Magris Performance Materials 
Inc. 
• Former President and Chief Executive Officer of Barrick Gold Corporation, 
Senior Managing Partner of Brookfield Asset Management, Co-Chief Executive 
Officer of the Brookfield Infrastructure Group and President and Chief Executive 
Officer of Falconbridge Limited 
• Chair of The Bank of Nova Scotia 
• Director of C.D. Howe Institute 
• Former board member of Plan International Canada 
• Co-Founder and Co-Chair of Mining4Life  
• Former Governor of the Trails Youth Initiatives 
 
Education and Certifications 
• BA (History), Western University  
• Designated fellow, Chartered Professional Accountants (Ontario) 
 
 
17.4 Pre-approval policies and procedures 
 
Subject to applicable law, the Audit Committee is directly responsible for the compensation and oversight of the work of the 
independent auditors. The Audit Committee has implemented a Pre-Approval Policy for Audit and Non -Audit Services for the pre -
approval of services performed by our auditors. The objective of this policy is to specify the scope of services permitted to be performed 
by our auditors and to ensure that the inde

---

or changing regulations are identified, understood, evaluated and communicated in advance of change. Industry  
association relationships enhance our risk management compliance with regulatory expectations and provide opportunities to share 
best practice and leading SHE&S innovations and technologies. 
 
5.10 Risk factors  
 
Our performance and our future operations are and may be affected by a wide range of risks, many of which are outside our control. 
The following section describes our key risks and uncertainties, including general and ongoing risks. Any or all of these risks, or other 
risks not presently known to us or that we do not consider  material, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial 
condition, results of operations, cash flows, value of our common shares and debt securities and, in certain cases, our reputation. 
 
Competition and macroeconomic conditions could impact our short- and long-term profitability 
 
Global macroeconomic conditions and shifting market fundamentals, including tariffs and trade and export  restrictions, market 
volatility, geopolitical conditions, and increased price competition or new entrants, or a significant change in agriculture production or 
consumption trends, could lead to a sustained environment of reduced demand for our products, decreased or volatile commodity 
prices, and/or increased costs, and negatively impact our short- and long-term profitability. 
 
We are subject to intense price competition from both domestic and foreign sources, including state-owned and government -
subsidized entities. Crop nutrients, including potash, nitrogen and phosphate, are global commodities with little or no product 
differentiation, and customers make their purchasing decisions principally on the basis of delivered price and, to a lesser extent, on 
customer service and product quality. Historically, selling prices for our products have fluctuated in response to periodic c hanges in 
global and regional supply and demand conditions. Supply is affected by available capacity and operating rates, raw material costs 
and availability, government policies and global trade that could adversely affect our operating results. 
 
Periods of high-demand, high-capacity utilization and increasing operating margins tend to result in investment in production capacity, 
which may cause supply to exceed demand and capacity utilization and realized selling prices for our products to decline, resulting in 
possible reduced profit margins. Such conditions could also include impairment of the value of our assets, and temporary or permanent 
curtailments of production. Competitors and potential new entrants  in the markets for potash, nitrogen and/or  phosphate have in 
recent years expanded capacity, begun construction of new capacity, or announced plans to expand capacity or build new facili ties. 
The extent to which current global or local economic and financial conditions, changes in such conditions, or other factors may cause 
delays or cancellation of some of these ongoing or planned projects or  result in the acceleration of existing or new projects, is 
uncertain. Future growth in demand for our products may not be sufficient to absorb excess industry capacity. Furthermore, our 
business is cyclical, which can result in periods of industry oversupply during which our results of operations may be negati vely 
impacted, as the price at which we sell our products typically declines during such periods, resulting in possible reduced profit margins, 
and could include impairments of the value of our assets and temporary or permanent curtailments of production. 
 
We are impacted by global market , economic and geopolitical conditions that have in the past  adversely affected, and could in the 
future adversely affect, agriculture commodity trade flows and demand for crop nutrients or increase prices for, or decrease availability 
of, raw materials and energy necessary to produce our products. These conditions include international trade disputes (including 
withdrawal from or modification to existing trade agreements, negotiation of new trade agreements, non-tariff trade  barriers, local 
content requirements, the imposition of new or retaliatory tariffs and/or trade restrictions, or other developments affecting global trade), 
international crises or risks thereof (including volatility in the global market resulting from the ongoing war in Eastern Europe and the 
conflict in the Middle East), rising incomes in developing countries, the relative value of the US dollar and its impact on the importation 
of fertilizers, foreign agricultural policies, and the existence of, or changes in, import or foreign currency exchange barriers in certain 
foreign markets, and other regulatory policies of foreign governments, as well as the laws and policies affecting foreign trade and 
investment.
23 
Ongoing geopolitical conflicts, including t he current war in Eastern Europe and the conflict in the Middle East  may continue to have 
potential wide-ranging consequences for global market volatility and economic conditions, including energy and commodity prices. 
Certain countries including Canada, the US , Australia and certain European countries , have imposed strict financial and trade 
sanctions against Russia, with Russia and Belarus imposing retaliatory sanctions of their own, which have had, and may continue to 
have, far-reaching effects on the global economy, energy and commodity prices, food security,  and crop nutrient supply and prices. 
The implications of these geopolitical conflicts are difficult to predict with any degree of certainty at this time. While Nutrien does not 
have operations in East ern Europe or the Middle East , there continues to remain uncertainty relating to the potential impact of the 
conflicts and their effect on global food security, farmers, energy prices, supply chains, and the market outlook for crop nutrient market 
supply and demand fundamentals and nutrient prices, and they could have a material and adverse effect on our business, financial 
condition and results of operatio

---

cy exchange rates by using derivative instruments; however, 
such instruments may be ineffective in fully mitigating such risk s. Additionally, these risk management activities create exposure to 
financial risks, which include, but are not limited to, unfavorable movements in commodity prices, interest rates or foreign exchange 
rates that could result in a financial loss to the C ompany and/or a lack of counterparties, due to market conditions or other 
circumstances that could leave the Company unable to liquidate or offset a position, or unable to do so at or near the previous market 
price. 
 
Changes in the price of raw materials and energy required to produce our products, including natural gas, which is the princi pal raw 
material used to manufacture our nitrogen products and a significant energy source in the potash milling and mining process , could 
have a material impact on our business. The price of raw materials and energy can fluctuate widely for a variety of reasons, including 
changes in availability because of additional capacity or limited availability due to curtailments, regulatory changes, including changes 
related to production of certain raw materials or energy sources, or other operating problems. Other external factors beyond our 
control can also cause volatility in raw materials prices, including, without limitation, general economic conditions, including inflationary 
pressures, the level of business activity in the industries that use our products, weather conditions and forecasts, competitors’ actions, 
trade sanctions, international events, geopolitical events, and governmental regulation in the US and abroad. Because most of our 
products are commodities or derived from commodities, there can be no assurance that we will be able to recover increases in the 
price of such raw materials through an increase in the selling price of our related crop nutrient products. Conversely, when the market 
prices for these raw materials rapidly decrease, the selling prices for related crop nutrients can fall more rapidly than we are able to 
consume our raw material inventory that we purchased or committed to purchase at higher prices. As a result, our costs may not fall 
as rapidly as the selling prices of our products. Until we are able to consume the higher-priced raw materials, our gross margins and 
profitability may be adversely affected. 
 
We generally benefit from relatively low North American natural gas prices , which can vary significantly compared to the price for 
natural gas in Europe and Asia. Significantly lower natural gas prices in Europe and/or Asia may give our competitors in those regions 
an advantage, which could, in turn, decrease international and domestic product prices and reduce our margins. In addition, high er 
natural gas prices, particularly in North America, during a period of low crop input selling prices could adversely affect our results of 
operations. 
 
There is also a risk to production at our various facilities due to concerns over the availability of natural gas supplies. Nitrogen facilities 
in Trinidad have experienced supply strains or curtailments . Continued or increased natural gas shortages may result in reduced 
production available for sale and higher production costs per tonne. 
 
We may incur non-cash charges affecting our consolidated financial statements if our assets become impaired 
We have significant investments in long-lived assets held for use and goodwill, and we continually review the carrying amount of these 
assets for recoverability, considering changes in  market conditions and if other events or circumstances indicate that their carrying 
amount may not be recoverable. If our long-lived assets or goodwill are determined to be impaired in the future, we may be required 
to record non-cash charges in our consolidated statement of earnings during the period in which the impairment is determined, which 
could be significant and have an adverse effect on our results of operations. We have, in the past, and may in the future, be required 
to write down the value of our goodwill or other long-lived assets, and such future impairments could be material.  
 
We also carry our inventories at the lower of cost and net realizable value. A decrease in forecasted prices of key production inputs 
could result in a write-down of our inventory, when the carrying amount exceeds net realizable value. Periods of a prolonged elevated 
commodity price environment increase the potential that prices could subsequently decrease rapidly. Other factors that could impact 
our estimates of net realizable value include inventory levels, global nutrient capacities, crop price trends, climate change initiatives 
and changes in regulations and standards employed. Any such write-down could have an adverse effect on our results of operations 
and the value of our assets.
31 
We may be unable to access capital on a cost-effective or timely basis 
We rely on access to debt capital markets to finance our day -to-day and long-term operations. Access to and cost of capital may be 
affected by factors not specific to Nutrien, such as adverse conditions in the credit markets, general and industry-specific market and 
economic conditions and interest rate fluctuations. Our access to and cost of capital will also be dependent on our short - and long-
term credit ratings, which are determined by, among other things, the level and quality of our earnings and our ability to meet financial 
obligations. A credit rating downgrade could potentially limit our access to private and public credit markets and increase the costs of 
borrowing under our existing credit facilities. A downgrade could also limit our access to short -term debt markets and increase the 
cost of borrowing in the short- and long-term debt markets. Inability to access capital on a cost-effective or timely basis may result in 
a loss of liquidity, an increase in the cost of capital or inability to execute on value- added transactions requiring significant capital, 
including our Nutrien Financial product offerings. Our reputation and financia

---

elated disclosures; (ii) the Corporation’s internal control systems, including internal control over financial reporting; (iii) specific 
elements of risk management (including all financial risk management) delegated to the Committee by the Board; (iv) the 
qualifications and independence of the external auditors of the Corporation and the recommendation of the Board to shareholders 
for the appointment thereof; (v) the performance of the Corporation’s Internal Audit function and external auditors; and (vi) the 
Corporation’s compliance with legal and regulatory requirements with respect to matters within the Committee’s mandate and the 
Code of Conduct. This oversight is with a view to supporting the long-term viability of the Corporation, including its consideration of 
stakeholders relevant to the creation and preservation of long-term value. 
Management is responsible for preparing the consolidated financial statements of the Corporation and the external auditors are 
responsible for auditing those financial statements. Nothing in this Charter is intended, or may be construed, to impose on any 
member of the Committee a standard of care or diligence that is more onerous or extensive than the standard to which all directors 
are subject under applicable laws or regulatory requirements. 
In this Charter, “Committee Chair” means the Chair of the Committee; “Chair” means the Board Chair; and “CEO” means the Chief 
Executive Officer of the Corporation. 
Composition 
The Board appoints members of the Committee on the recommendation of the Corporate Governance & Nominating Committee. Any 
member of the Committee may be removed or replaced at any time by the Board and will stop being a member of the Committee on 
ceasing to be a director. Subject to the above, each member of the Committee will serve as a member of the Committee until the next 
annual meeting of shareholders after their appointment. 
The Committee will consist of not less than three and not more than eight members. Each Committee member will be independent 
according to the independence standards set out in the Corporate Governance Framework, including applicable independence 
requirements of stock exchanges on which the Corporation is listed and securities laws, rules and regulations. 
Each member of the Committee will be “financially literate”, and at least one member of the Committee will be designated as the “audit 
committee financial expert” and will have “accounting or related financial management expertise”, in each case, as such qualification 
is interpreted by the Board in its business judgment and as defined by applicable requirements of stock exchanges on which the 
Corporation is listed and securities laws, rules and regulations. 
No member of the Committee will serve on the audit committees of more than two other publicly listed companies, unless the Board 
determines that such simultaneous service would not impair the ability of such member to effectively serve on the Committee and 
discloses such determination in the Corporation’s annual management proxy circular. 
The Board may fill vacancies on the Committee from among its members, on the recommendation of the Corporate Governance & 
Nominating Committee. If and whenever a vacancy exists on the Committee, the remaining members may exercise all their powers 
so long as a quorum remains in place. 
The members of the Committee will be entitled to receive such remuneration for acting as members of the Committee as the Boar d 
determines. 
The Corporate Secretary, or such other person acceptable to the members, will act as Secretary to the Committee.
45 
Committee Chair 
The Board, upon the recommendation of the Corporate Governance & Nominating Committee, will appoint a Committee Chair. The 
Committee Chair may be removed and/or replaced by the Board. 
If the Committee Chair is not present at any meeting of the Committee, one of the other members of the Committee present at t he 
meeting will be chosen by the Committee to chair the meeting. 
The Committee Chair will have the duties and responsibilities outlined in Annex 1 and incorporated by reference. 
Quorum and Meetings  
Fifty percent of the Committee members constitute a quorum. All determinations of the Committee will be made by a majority of  its 
members present at a meeting duly called and held. 
All Committee members are expected to: 
• attend, in person or via teleconference, video conference, or other electronic means that permits all participants to 
communicate adequately, all Committee meetings, 
• come prepared for the meeting, and 
• remain in attendance for the duration of the meeting. 
The powers of the Committee may be exercised by resolution in writing signed by all members of the Committee who would have 
been entitled to vote on that resolution at a meeting of the Committee. 
The Committee may invite directors, officers, employees and external advisors as it may see fit to attend meetings of the Committee 
and assist in the discussion and consideration of the duties of the Committee. 
The time at which and place where the meetings of the Committee are held, and the calling of meetings and the procedure at meetings 
will be determined by the Committee in accordance with the Corporation’s articles, by-laws, and applicable laws. 
The Committee will meet at each Committee meeting without Management present, and will meet separately with applicable senior  
Management, the external auditors, and the Chief Audit Executive. 
Responsibilities 
The Committee, to the extent required by applicable laws or rules, or otherwise considered by the Committee to be necessary o r 
appropriate, is responsible for the oversight in respect of the Corporation’s financial disclosure and accounting practices, internal 
control systems (including internal control over financial reporting), specific elements of risk management (including all fi nancial risk 
management) delegated to the Committee by the Board, the external auditors, the Internal Audit function, and legal and regulatory 
compliance with respect to matters within the Committee’s mandate and the Code of Conduct.

---

and
47 
• review executive officers’ expenses and periodically report to the Corporate Governance & Nominating Committee thereon, 
as appropriate. 
 
Risk Management 
• regularly review with Management the Corporation’s material risks within the Committee’s scope (i.e. the principal financial 
risks facing the Corporation and any other risks specifically delegated to the Committee by the Board), the assessment of 
those ris ks, and how they are being managed or mitigated, including, reviewing the mid-year update report from the 
Corporation’s Enterprise Risk Management team, and 
• monitor and review at least annually Management processes and controls designed to identify, assess, monitor and manage 
the risks referred to above. 
 
Internal Audit 
• review with Management, the external auditors, and Internal Audit (and if appropriate, approve) the Charter, plans, activities, 
and organizational structure of the Internal Audit function, 
• review the significant findings prepared by Internal Audit and recommendations issued by any external party relating to 
Internal Audit issues, together with Management’s response thereto, 
• take reasonable steps to ensure there are no unjustified or inappropriate restrictions or limitations on the functioning of t he 
Internal Audit function, or on access to requested information, 
• review the adequacy of the resources of Internal Audit to satisfy itself as to the effectiveness, objectivity and independenc e 
of the Internal Audit function, 
• review and concur on the appointment, replacement, or dismissal of the Chief Audit Executive (or such individual in a similar 
capacity or position who performs a substantially similar function), and 
• review the performance and effectiveness of the Internal Audit function. 
 
External Audit 
• meet with the external auditors prior to the annual audit to review (and if appropriate, approve) the proposed audit scope, 
approach and staffing (including coordination of audit efforts with Internal Audit) and budget, 
• monitor the progress of the annual audit, 
• obtain feedback about the conduct of the external audit from key employees engaged in the process, 
• when applicable, review the annual post -audit letter from the external auditors and Management’s response thereto and 
follow-up in respect of any identified weakness, 
• at least annually, obtain and review a report by the external auditors describing: (i) the external auditors’ internal qualit y 
control procedures, and (ii) any material issues raised by the most recent internal quality control review, or peer review, of 
the external auditors, or by any inquiry or investigation by governmental or professional authorities, within the preceding five 
years, respecting one or more independent audits carried out by the external auditors, and any steps taken to deal with any 
such issues, 
• annually receive from the external auditors, and review, a report on items required to be communicated to the Committee by 
applicable rules and regulations, 
• annually review the independence of the external auditors, including their formal written statement of independence 
delineating all relationships between the external auditors and the Corporation, review all such relationships, and consider 
applicable auditor independence standards and take any decisions  and actions that are necessary and appropriate where 
the Committee becomes aware of the potential for a conflict (or the reasonable perception of a conflict) between the interests 
of the external auditors and the interests of the Corporation, 
• annually evaluate the performance of the external auditors, including the lead audit partner, and report to the Board on its 
conclusions regarding the external auditors and recommendation to shareholders for appointment of the external auditors, 
• investigate and consider whether any action is required if the external auditors resign, 
• ensure the rotation of the lead audit partner having primary responsibility for the audit as required by applicable law, and 
• set clear hiring policies for partners, employees and former partners and employees of the present and former external 
auditors.
48 
Oversight in Respect of Audit and Non-Audit Services 
• subject to confirmation by the external auditors of their compliance with Canadian and U.S. regulatory requirements, be 
directly responsible (subject to Board confirmation) for the appointment of the external auditors for the purpose of preparing 
or issuing any audit report or performing other audit, review or attest services for the Corporation, such appointment to be 
confirmed by the Corporation’s shareholders at each annual meeting, 
• be directly responsible (subject to Board confirmation) for the approval of fees to be paid to the external auditors for audi t 
services, and will pre-approve the retention of the external auditors for any permitted non-audit service to the Corporation, 
• be directly responsible for the retention and oversight of the services of the external auditors (including resolution of 
disagreements between Management and the external auditors regarding financial reporting) for the purpose of preparing 
or issuing an audit report or performing other audit, review or attest services for the Corporation (with the external auditors 
reporting directly to, and being accountable to, the Committee), 
• have the sole authority to pre -approve all audit services and all permitted non- audit services to the Corporation, provided 
that the Committee need not approve in advance non-audit services where: 
• the aggregate amount of all such non-audit services provided to the Corporation constitutes not more than 5% of the total 
amount of fees paid by the Corporation to the external auditors during the fiscal year in which the non -audit services are 
provided, 
• such services were not recognized by the Corporation at the time of the engagement to be non-audit services, and 
• such services are promptly brought to the attention of the Committee and approved prior to the completion of the audit by 
the Committee or by one or more members of the Committee to whom a