management’s discussion and analysis, to both our (beneficial) shareholders and registered shareholders. This means that our meeting materials are posted online for shareholders to access, instead of being mailed to shareholders. Notice and access reduces printing and mailing costs and is more environmentally friendly as it uses less materials and energy consumption. You will receive a package in the mail which will include a form of proxy or voting instruction form, with instructions on how to vote your common shares and access the meeting materials electronically. You may also request a paper copy of the meeting materials at no cost to you at any time prior to the meeting by contacting our transfer agent, Computershare (in the case of registered shareholders), by phone at 1-866-962-0498 ( within Canada and the U.S.) or 514-982-8716 (outside Canada and the U.S.) or Broadridge Investor Communications Solutions (in the case of (beneficial) shareholders) by going to www.proxyvote.com or by phone at 1-877-907-7643 ( within Canada and the U.S.) or 303-562-9305 (English) or 303-562-9306 (French) (outside Canada and the U.S.). If you are a registered shareholder and have previously provided standing instructions indicating that you wish to receive paper copies of the meeting materials, you may revoke your instructions by calling Computershare at the number above. Beneficial shareholders should contact their intermediary to change their instructions. Voting Shares 9 Who can vote 9 Outstanding common shares 9 Principal shareholders 9 Quorum 9 Notice and access 9 Voting instructions 10 Attending the meeting virtually 10 How to vote 11 Proxies 14 Persons making the solicitation 14 Voting by proxy 14 Depositing proxies 15 Exercise of discretion by proxyholder 15 About our shareholder advisory and proxy solicitation agent 15 Other information 15 Additional information 15 Currency 16 Date of information 16 financial measures 16 If you request a paper copy of the meeting materials, you will not receive a new form of proxy or voting instruction form. Therefore, you should keep the original form sent to you in order to vote your common shares. See “Other Information – Additional Information” if you would like to access the meeting materials and other information electronically or at any time after the meeting. Nutrien AGM Circular 2025 | 9 Table of Contents Overview Voting Information Business of the meeting Board of directors and corporate governance Executive compensation General information Schedules Voting instructions TO BE COUNTED PROXIES MUST BE RECEIVED NO LATER THAN 3:30 p.m. (CENTRAL STANDARD TIME) ON MONDAY, MAY 5, 2025. In order to ensure that your proxy is received in time for Nutrien’s annual meeting of shareholders to be held on Wednesday, May 7, 2025, we recommend that you vote in the following ways: Voting Method Internet Telephone Mail Beneficial Shareholders If your shares are held with a broker, bank or other intermediary. Go to www.proxyvote.com and enter your 16-digit control number located on your voting instruction form. Canadian: Call 1-800-474-7493 U.S.: Call 1-800-454-8683 and provide your 16-digit control number located on your voting instruction form. If you vote by telephone, you cannot appoint anyone other than the appointees named on your voting instruction form as your proxyholder. Complete, sign and date your voting instruction form and return it in the envelope provided. Registered Shareholders If your shares are held in your name and represented by a physical certificate or Direct Registration System advice. Go to www.investorvote.com and follow the instructions. You will need your 15-digit control number, which is on your proxy form. Call 1-866-732-VOTE (8683) from a phone and follow the voice instructions. You will need your 15-digit control number, which is on your proxy form. If you vote by telephone, you cannot appoint anyone other than the appointees named on your proxy form as your proxyholder. Complete, sign and date your proxy form and return it to Computershare, Proxy Department, 100 University Avenue, 8 th Floor, Toronto, Ontario, M5J 2Y1 in the envelope provided. Shareholders who wish to appoint a as their proxyholder (i.e., persons other than the persons designated by Nutrien on the form of proxy or identified on the voting instruction form (including a shareholder who wishes to appoint themselves)) to represent them at the meeting MUST submit their form of proxy or voting instruction form, appointing that proxyholder. If your proxyholder will be attending the meeting virtually you MUST also register that proxyholder by visiting www.computershare.com/Nutrien by 3:30 p.m. (Central Standard Time) on May 5, 2025 or, if the meeting is adjourned or postponed, not less than 48 hours (excluding Saturdays, Sundays and holidays) before the time and date of the adjourned or postponed meeting, and provide Computershare with the required proxyholder contact information so that Computershare may provide the proxyholder with a username via email. Registering your proxyholder is an additional step to be completed AFTER you have submitted your form of proxy or voting instruction form. Failure to register the proxyholder will result in the proxyholder not receiving a username that will act as their online credentials, which is required for them to vote at the meeting. See “Voting by Proxy” for additional information on registering proxyholders. Attending the meeting virtually Registered shareholders and duly appointed proxyholders will be able to attend, participate and vote at our annual meeting online webcast at https://meetings.lumiconnect.com/400-389-601-237 (password: nutrien2025). Such persons may enter the meeting by clicking “I have a username” and entering a valid control number (which acts as the username), or in the case of duly appointed proxyholders their provided username, and the password: nutrien2025 (case sensitive) before the start of the meeting. Registered shareholders or their duly appointed proxies may and are encouraged to submit questions while connected to the meeting on the internet. If you wish to submit a comment or question, you may do so by logging into the virtual meeting platform, selecting the messaging icon, typing your comment or question within the box at the top of the screen and clicking the send button. Comments or questions can be submitted commencing at the start of the meeting. We will announce when there is a short time remaining for the submission of any comments or questions in connection with each formal motion. This is consistent with the Corporation’s practice at its last four annual meetings of shareholders, all held virtually including the messaging functionality, which is continuously monitored during the course of the meeting by the chair and other Corporation personnel present to ensure that all comments and questions are addressed. Comments or 10 | Nutrien AGM Circular 2025 Table of Contents Overview Voting Information Business of the meeting Board of directors and corporate governance Executive compensation General information Schedules questions will be read aloud before being addressed, and the name of the submitting shareholder or proxy holder may be disclosed. Comments or questions that are redundant or that have inappropriate language or are otherwise unduly disruptive to the orderly conduct of the meeting will not be addressed, and questions that are not part of the formal discussion of the meeting’s items of business may not be addressed. In each previous annual meeting of shareholders held virtually, all comments made or questions posed, have been read aloud and addressed. We expect to have sufficient time for all comments or questions at the meeting. In the unlikely event that this was not the case, we will communicate with you after the meeting if you have provided your contact information or may choose to post responses on our Investor Relations website at www.nutrien.com/investors. Guests, including (beneficial) shareholders who have not duly appointed themselves as a proxyholder, can login to the meeting by clicking “I am a guest” and completing the online form. Guests will be able to listen to the meeting, but will not be able to ask questions or vote at the meeting. See “How to Vote” for additional information on voting at the meeting and “Voting by Proxy” for additional information on appointing yourself as a proxyholder and registering with Computershare. If you attend the meeting virtually, it is important that you are connected to the internet at all times during the meeting in order to vote when balloting commences. You should ensure you have a strong, preferably , internet connection wherever you intend to participate in the meeting. The meeting will begin promptly at 3:30 p.m. (Central Standard Time) on May 7, 2025, unless otherwise adjourned or postponed. Online will begin one hour prior to the meeting, at 2:30 p.m. (Central Standard Time). You should allow ample time for online procedures. Should you have any questions or require assistance, please contact Lumi at @lumiglobal.com. Technical support will only be available once online begins, one hour prior to the meeting, at 2:30 p.m. (Central Standard Time). How to vote How you vote depends on whether you are a (beneficial) or registered shareholder. You are a (beneficial) shareholder if the shares you own are registered for you in the name of an intermediary such as a bank, trust company, securities broker or other nominee. You are a registered shareholder if the shares you own are registered directly in your name. You can vote online at the meeting or you can appoint someone to attend the meeting online and vote your shares for you (called voting by proxy). Please read these instructions carefully. Shareholders may contact Kingsdale Advisors by telephone at 1-866-581-0507 ( in North America) or 1-437-561-5024 (text and call enabled outside of North America), or by email at contactus@kingsdaleadvisors.com. (beneficial) shareholders Registered shareholders Are you a registered or beneficial shareholder? Your intermediary has sent you a notice and access notice and voting instruction form. We may not have records of your shareholdings as a (beneficial) shareholder, so you must follow the instructions from your intermediary to vote. We have sent you a notice and access notice and proxy form. A proxy is a document that authorizes someone else to attend the meeting online and vote for you. If you want to attend the meeting virtually and vote online If you wish to vote at the meeting online, you have to appoint yourself as proxyholder by inserting your own name in the space provided for appointing a proxyholder and must follow all of the applicable instructions, including the deadline, provided by your intermediary. If you do not duly appoint yourself as proxyholder then you will not be able to ask questions or vote at the meeting, but will be able to attend the meeting online as a guest. This is because we and our transfer agent, Computershare, do not have a record of the shareholders, and, as a result, will have no knowledge of your shareholdings or entitlement to vote unless you appoint yourself as proxyholder. Guests will be able to listen to the meeting, but will not be able to vote or submit questions at the meeting. Do not complete the proxy form or return it to us. Simply login to the meeting and complete a ballot online during the meeting. The control number located on the proxy form or in the email notification you received is your username for purposes of logging in to the meeting. See “Attending the Meeting Virtually” for additional information on how to login to the meeting. Nutrien AGM Circular 2025 | 11 Table of Contents Overview Voting Information Business of the meeting Board of directors and corporate governance Executive compensation General information Schedules (beneficial) shareholders Registered shareholders Computershare will provide you with a control number that will act as your online username and credentials by email after the proxy voting deadline has passed and you have been duly appointed. You must register with Computershare by visiting www.computershare.com/Nutrien by 3:30 p.m. (Central Standard Time) on May 5, 2025 or, if the meeting is adjourned or postponed, not less than 48 hours (excluding Saturdays, Sundays and holidays) before the time and date of the adjourned or postponed meeting, and provide Computershare your contact information so that Computershare may provide you with a control number via email after the proxy voting deadline has passed. This control number is your username for purposes of logging in to the meeting. See “Attending the Meeting Virtually” for additional information on how to login to the meeting and “Voting by Proxy” for additional information on appointing yourself as proxyholder and registering with Computershare. If you do not plan to attend the meeting virtually Complete the voting instruction form and return it to your intermediary. You can either mark your voting instructions on the voting instruction form or you can appoint another person (called a proxyholder) to attend the meeting online and vote your shares for you. If you appoint a proxyholder other than the individuals designated by Nutrien on the voting instruction form such proxyholder will only be able to attend the meeting virtually, you must submit your voting instruction form appointing that proxyholder. You must register that proxyholder by visiting www.computershare.com/Nutrien by 3:30 p.m. (Central Standard Time) on May 5, 2025 or, if the meeting is adjourned or postponed, not less than 48 hours (excluding Saturdays, Sundays and holidays) before the time and date of the adjourned or postponed meeting, and provide Computershare with the required proxyholder contact information so that Computershare may provide the proxyholder with a username via email. Computershare will then provide the proxyholder with a username by email after the proxy voting deadline has passed. This username will provide the proxyholder with access to the meeting. See “Attending the Meeting Virtually” for additional information on how to login to the meeting and “Voting by Proxy” for additional information on appointing and registering a proxyholder with Computershare. You can either mark your voting instructions on the proxy form and return it to Computershare using one of the methods outlined below or you can appoint another person (called a proxyholder) to attend the meeting online and vote your shares for you. If you appoint a proxyholder other than the individuals designated by Nutrien on the proxy form and such proxyholder will be attending the meeting virtually, you must submit your proxy form appointing that proxyholder. You must register that proxyholder by visiting www.computershare.com/Nutrien by 3:30 p.m. (Central Standard Time) on May 5, 2025 or, if the meeting is adjourned or postponed, not less than 48 hours (excluding Saturdays, Sundays and holidays) before the time and date of the adjourned or postponed meeting, and provide Computershare with the required proxyholder contact information so that Computershare may provide the proxyholder with a username via email. Computershare will then provide the proxyholder with a username by email after the proxy voting deadline has passed. This username will provide the proxyholder with access to the meeting. See “Attending the Meeting Virtually” for additional information on how to login to the meeting and “Voting by Proxy” for additional information on appointing and registering a proxyholder with Computershare. 12 | Nutrien AGM Circular 2025 Table of Contents Overview Voting Information Business of the meeting Board of directors and corporate governance Executive compensation General information Schedules (beneficial) shareholders Registered shareholders Returning the proxy form The voting instruction form tells you how to return it to your intermediary. Remember that your intermediary must receive your voting instructions in sufficient time to act on them, generally one day before the proxy deadline below. Computershare must receive your voting instructions from your intermediary no later than the proxy deadline, which is 3:30 p.m. (Central Standard Time) on Monday, May 5, 2025. The proxy form tells you how to submit your voting instructions. Computershare must receive your proxy, including any amended proxy, no later than the proxy deadline which is 3:30 p.m. (Central Standard Time) on Monday, May 5, 2025. You may return your proxy in one of the following ways by: • Mail, the envelope provided; • Internet, www.investorvote.com (follow the instructions online); or • Telephone, 1-866-732-VOTE (8683) (in Canada and the U.S.) from a phone and follow the voice instructions. If you vote by telephone, you cannot appoint anyone other than the appointees named on your proxy form as your proxyholder. Changing your mind If you have provided voting instructions to your intermediary and change your mind about how you want to vote, or you decide to attend the meeting virtually and vote online, contact your intermediary to find out what to do. If you want to revoke your proxy, you must deliver a signed written notice specifying your instructions to one of the following: • our Corporate Secretary, by depositing an instrument in writing at our registered head office at the following address any time up to and including the last day (excluding Saturdays, Sundays and holidays) before the meeting: Nutrien Ltd. Suite 1700, 211-19th Street East, Saskatoon, SK, Canada, S7K 5R6 Attention: Corporate Secretary Email: corporatesecretary@nutrien.com • the chair of the meeting, before the meeting starts or any adjourned or postponed meeting reconvenes. The instrument in writing can be from you or your attorney, if he or she has your written authorization. If the common shares are owned by a corporation, partnership, trust or other legal entity the instrument in writing must be from its authorized officer, representative or attorney. You can also revoke your proxy in any other way permitted by law. If you login to the meeting online using your control number and you accept the terms and conditions, you will be revoking any and all previously submitted proxies and will be provided the opportunity to vote online by ballot. Questions or Assistance with Voting Shareholders may contact Kingsdale Advisors by telephone at 1-866-581-0507 ( in North America) or 1-437-561-5024 (text and call enabled outside of North America), or by email at contactus@kingsdaleadvisors.com. Nutrien AGM Circular 2025 | 13 Table of Contents Overview Voting Information Business of the meeting Board of directors and corporate governance Executive compensation General information Schedules PROXIES Persons Making the Solicitation This solicitation is made on behalf of management of the Corporation. In addition to soliciting proxies by this circular, directors, officers, employees and agents of the Corporation may solicit proxies personally, by telephone or by other means of communication. All costs of soliciting and preparing the notice and access notice, the notice of meeting, this circular and the proxy, as well as mailing the notice and access notice and the form of proxy or voting instruction forms will be paid by us. All applicable meeting related materials sent to beneficial holders will be indirectly forwarded to (beneficial) shareholders at the Corporation’s cost. Voting by Proxy The persons named in the proxy are directors and/or executive officers of the Corporation. You have the right to appoint another person or company (who need not be a shareholder) to represent you at the meeting ( proxyholder). If you appoint a proxyholder, please make them aware that they must attend the meeting online for your vote to count. The following applies to shareholders who wish to appoint a proxyholder, including shareholders who wish to appoint themselves as proxyholder, to attend, participate and vote at the meeting online. Shareholders who wish to appoint a proxyholder to represent them at the meeting virtually MUST submit their form of proxy or voting instruction form (as applicable), appointing that proxyholder AND register that proxyholder online, as described below. Registering your proxyholder is an additional step to be completed AFTER you have submitted your form of proxy or voting instruction form. Failure to register the proxyholder will result in the proxyholder not receiving a username that will act as their online credentials and is required for them to vote at the meeting. STEP 1 | SUBMIT YOUR FORM OF PROXY OR VOTING INSTRUCTION FORM To appoint a proxyholder, insert such person’s name in the blank space provided in the form of proxy or voting instruction form and follow the instructions for submitting such proxy or voting instruction form. This must be completed prior to registering such proxyholder, which is an additional step to be completed once you have submitted your form of proxy or voting instruction form. STEP 2 | REGISTER YOUR PROXYHOLDER To register a proxyholder, shareholders must visit www.computershare.com/Nutrien by 3:30 p.m. (Central Standard Time) on May 5, 2025, or, if the meeting is adjourned or postponed, not less than 48 hours (excluding Saturdays, Sundays and holidays) before the time and date of the convened or reconvened meeting, as applicable, and provide Computershare with the required proxyholder contact information so that Computershare may provide the proxyholder with a username via email. Without a username, proxyholders will not be able to vote at the meeting and will only be able to participate as a guest virtually at the meeting online. If you are a (beneficial) shareholder and wish to vote at the meeting virtually, you have to insert your own name in the space provided on the voting instruction form sent to you by your intermediary and follow all of the applicable instructions provided by your intermediary AND register yourself as your proxyholder online, as described above. By doing so, you are instructing your intermediary to appoint you as proxyholder. It is important that you comply with the signature and return instructions provided by your intermediary. If you are a (beneficial) shareholder located in the United States and wish to vote at the meeting or, if permitted, appoint a as your proxyholder, you must obtain a valid legal proxy from your intermediary. Follow the instructions from your intermediary included with the legal proxy form and the voting information form sent to you, or contact your intermediary to request a legal proxy form or a legal proxy if you have not received one. After obtaining a valid legal proxy from your intermediary, you must then submit such legal proxy to Computershare by email at uslegalproxy@compuershare.com or by mail to: Computershare, Attention: Proxy Department, 100 University Avenue, 8 th Floor, Toronto, Ontario, M5J 2Y1. Submissions must be labeled “Legal Proxy” and received no later than the voting deadline of 3:30 p.m. (Central Standard Time) on May 5, 2025, or, if the meeting is adjourned or postponed, by not less than 48 hours (excluding Saturdays, Sundays and holidays) before the time and date of the convened or reconvened meeting, as applicable. Requests for registration from shareholders located in the United States that wish to vote at the meeting virtually, or if permitted, appoint a as their proxy holder MUST be made by visiting www.computershare.com/Nutrien by 3:30 p.m. 14 | Nutrien AGM Circular 2025 Table of Contents Overview Voting Information Business of the meeting Board of directors and corporate governance Executive compensation General information Schedules (Central Standard Time) on May 5, 2025 or, if the meeting is adjourned or postponed, not less than 48 hours (excluding Saturdays, Sundays and holidays) before the time and date of the adjourned or postponed meeting, and provide Computershare the required proxyholder contact information so that Computershare may provide the proxyholder with a username via email no later than 3:30 p.m. (Central Standard Time) on May 5, 2025 so that Computershare may provide the holder of legal proxy a username via email that will act as their online credentials. Without a username the legal proxy holder will only be able to log in to the meeting virtually as a guest and will not be able to vote. Depositing Proxies If you want to vote by proxy you must ensure that your proxy is deposited so that it arrives by 3:30 p.m. (Central Standard Time) on Monday, May 5, 2025 or, if the meeting is adjourned or postponed, by not less than 48 hours (excluding Saturdays, Sundays and holidays) before the time and date of the convened or reconvened meeting. The time limit for the deposit of proxies may be waived or extended by the chair of the meeting at his or her discretion, without notice, and the chair of the meeting is under no obligation to accept or reject any particular late proxy. The (beneficial) shareholders who do not object to their name being made known to the Corporation may be contacted by, Kingsdale Advisors, our proxy solicitors to assist in conveniently voting their common shares directly by telephone. The Corporation may also utilize the Broadridge QuickVote TM service to assist such shareholders with voting their common shares. Exercise of Discretion by Proxyholder The persons named in the proxy must vote FOR or AGAINST, or WITHHOLD from voting, in accordance with your instructions on the proxy. If you specify a choice with respect to any matter to be voted upon, your common shares will be voted accordingly. The persons named in the proxy have authority to vote in accordance with their discretion on any amendments or variations of the matters of business to be acted on at the meeting or any other matters properly brought before the meeting, to the extent permitted by law, whether or not the amendment, variation or other matter is routine and whether or not the amendment, variation or other matter is contested. As of the date of this circular, the Corporation does not know of any such amendment, variation or other matter. If you appoint the proxyholders named in the proxy, but do not tell them how you want to vote your common shares, your common shares will be voted: • FOR electing each director nominee listed in this circular; • FOR of KPMG LLP, chartered accountants, as auditor of the Corporation; and • FOR the advisory vote on our approach to executive compensation. ABOUT | SHAREHOLDER ADVISORY AND PROXY SOLICITATION AGENT The Corporation has retained Kingsdale Advisors to provide an array of shareholder advisory, governance, strategic communications, digital and investor campaign services on a global retainer basis in addition to certain fees accrued during the life of the engagement upon the discretion and direction of the Corporation. Shareholders may contact Kingsdale Advisors by telephone at 1-866-581-0507 ( in North America) or 1-437-561-5024 (text and call enabled outside of North America), or by email at contactus@kingsdaleadvisors.com. OTHER INFORMATION Additional Information Financial and other information about the Corporation is available under Nutrien’s profile on SEDAR+ at www.sedarplus.ca and on EDGAR at www.sec.gov/edgar/search. Certain information is also available on our website at www.nutrien.com. In addition, any shareholder who would like to receive a copy of this circular, our 2024 annual report or our 2024 Modern Slavery Report may do so free of charge by contacting our registered head office at the following address: Nutrien Ltd. Suite 1700, 211- 19 th Street East Saskatoon, SK, Canada, S7K 5R6 Attention: Corporate Secretary Email: corporatesecretary@nutrien.com Any documents referred to in this circular, and any information or documents available on SEDAR+, EDGAR or any other website including our own, are not incorporated by reference into this circular unless otherwise specified. Nutrien AGM Circular 2025 | 15 Table of Contents Overview Voting Information Business of the meeting Board of directors and corporate governance Executive compensation General information Schedules Receiving Meeting Materials Electronically shareholders are asked to consider signing up for electronic delivery (e-delivery) of the meeting materials. E-delivery has become a convenient way to make distribution of materials more efficient and is an environmentally responsible alternative by eliminating the use of printed paper and the carbon footprint of the associated mail delivery process. Signing up is quick and easy, go to www.proxyvote.com and sign in with your control number, vote for the resolutions at the meeting and following your vote confirmation, you will be able to select the electronic delivery box and provide an email address. Having registered for electronic delivery, going forward you will receive your meeting materials by email and will be able to vote on your device by simply following a link in the email sent by your financial intermediary, provided your intermediary supports this service. Currency All references to $, U.S.$ or other dollar amounts are to U.S. dollars unless otherwise specified. All references to CAD$ are to Canadian dollars. Date of Information The information contained in this circular is given as of March 19, 2025, unless otherwise specified. Financial Measures In this circular, we use certain financial measures and ratios ( financial measures and ratios) that are not prescribed by, and do not have standardized meaning under, International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS), as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board. Certain financial measures used in this circular, including “adjusted EBITDA”, “adjusted net earnings per share (excluding Retail – South America)”, “adjusted cash from operations (excluding Retail – South America)”, “Retail cash operating coverage ratio”, “cash selling, general and administrative expenses (excluding Retail)”, “return on invested capital (ROIC)”, “Retail days on hand and days payable outstanding cash conversion cycle (excluding Retail – South America)”, and “Retail Adjusted EBITDA (excluding South America)” are financial measures or ratios. Please see “ Financial Measures Advisory” on page 86 for more information about these measures and why they are used. 16 | Nutrien AGM Circular 2025 Table of Contents Overview Voting Information Business of the meeting Board of directors and corporate governance Executive compensation General information Schedules SECTION TWO: BUSINESS OF THE MEETING ELECTION OF DIRECTORS There are 12 positions available on the board for a term ending at the next annual meeting and 12 nominees listed in this circular. Shareholders can vote FOR or AGAINST each individual nominee. If there is only one nominee for each position available on the board, a nominee will be elected only if the numbers of votes cast in the nominee’s favour represents a majority of the votes cast FOR and AGAINST them, subject to certain exceptions described below. If there are more nominees than positions available on the board, the nominees receiving the highest number of votes FOR will be elected until all such positions have been filled. If a nominee that is an incumbent director does not receive a majority of votes in their favour and positions remain available on the board, the nominee will be permitted to remain as a director until the earlier of the 90 th day after the day of the election, and the day on which their successor is appointed or elected. In addition, elected directors may also reappoint such an incumbent director even if they do not receive majority support in the most recent election in certain instances specified in the Canada Business Corporations Act . See “Section Three: Board of Directors and Corporate Governance” for information about our nominees. The board unanimously recommends that shareholders vote FOR the election of each director nominee listed in this circular. Unless instructed otherwise, the persons named in the proxy will vote FOR the election of all of such directors. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Our 2024 audited consolidated financial statements and the auditor’s report on those financial statements will be placed before the meeting. As permitted by Canadian securities regulatory authorities and pursuant to exemptions from the sending of financial statements and proxy solicitation requirements granted by the Director of Corporations Canada, we are using notice and access to deliver our meeting materials, including this circular and our 2024 audited consolidated annual financial statements and the auditor’s report thereto. Instead of receiving a paper copy of the 2024 audited consolidated financial statements in the mail, you will receive a notice with instructions indicating how you can access those documents electronically, as well as how to request a paper copy. The 2024 audited consolidated financial statements and the auditor’s report on those financial statements are available on our website at www.nutrien.com/investors/shareholder-information/ and under our profile on SEDAR+ at www.sedarplus.ca and on EDGAR at www.sec.gov/edgar/search. Shareholders may request to receive paper copies at no charge by following the instructions on the notice and access notice. OF AUDITOR KPMG LLP has acted as Nutrien’s sole external auditor since the Corporation’s 2018 annual meeting of shareholders, prior to which time KPMG LLP and Deloitte LLP were dual auditors of the Corporation. The board unanimously recommends that shareholders vote FOR the of KPMG LLP, Chartered Accountants, as our external auditor, to hold office until our next annual meeting. Unless instructed otherwise, the persons named in the proxy will vote FOR the of KPMG LLP. The of KPMG LLP as our external auditor was approved by over 99 percent of votes cast (367,215,664 votes) at the Corporation’s 2024 annual meeting of shareholders. Our for Audit and Services Policy specifies the scope of permitted services provided by our external auditor so that their independence is not compromised by other services. All audit and permitted services provided by our external auditor are by the Audit Committee and reviewed on a quarterly basis to determine whether these services affect our external auditor’s independence. All services performed by our auditor in 2024 complied with the Policy for Audit and Services, and professional standards and securities regulations governing auditor independence. Nutrien AGM Circular 2025 | 17 Table of Contents Overview Voting Information Business of the meeting Board of directors and corporate governance Executive compensation General information Schedules The following table sets out the following fees for professional services billed by KPMG LLP: Year 2024 2023 (1) Category Audit Fees (2) $9,877,400 $9,481,000 Fees (3) $73,700 $26,600 Tax Fees (4) $44,500 $74,900 All Other Fees (5) $226,400 $305,100 Total $10,222,000 $9,887,600 Notes: 1 2023 fee disclosure – the comparative amounts have been restated to reflect fees billed in 2023 fiscal year. 2 For professional services rendered by KPMG LLP for the integrated audit of the Corporation’s annual financial statements; interim review of the Corporation’s interim financial statements; audits of statutory financial statements of controlled subsidiaries; attestation reporting in accordance with US environmental agency requirements and consent orders; attestation reports over various Nutrien subsidiaries for the purpose of compliance with local laws and regulations; and work in connection with the renewal of the Corporation’s base shelf prospectus in 2024 and the Corporation’s prospectus supplements relating to the offering of senior notes in 2024 and 2023. 3 For professional services rendered by KPMG LLP for translation of the Corporation’s annual and quarterly reports in 2024, and in connection with an audit of the financial statements of an employee benefit plan. 4 For professional services rendered by KPMG LLP for assistance with preparation and review of tax filings and related tax compliance, assistance in responding to tax authorities, including reassessments and tax audits, routine tax planning and advice. These amounts include fees paid to KPMG LLP specifically for tax compliance and preparation services rendered in 2024 and 2023 in the amounts of $44,500 and $74,900, respectively. 5 For professional services rendered by KPMG LLP for the preparation of subsidiary statutory financial statements; an assessment of the Corporation’s cyber security maturity level against a globally recognized framework and a readiness assessment for assurance over the Corporation’s report on cyber security key performance indicators, and subsequent assurance engagements over key performance indicators; limited assurance over Nutrien Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions; and precondition readiness for Scope 3 assurance. ADVISORY VOTE ON EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION The board governs executive compensation by means of carefully considered principles, programs and policies, and a rigorous compensation decision process. The board believes it is essential for shareholders to be well informed of the Corporation’s approach to executive compensation and strives to communicate our approach in a manner that is easily understood by shareholders. The board also believes in shareholder engagement and offers shareholders a advisory vote on executive compensation as part of the Corporation’s outreach strategy. This is reinforced by our Say on Pay and Shareholder Engagement Policy. Our approach to executive compensation was approved by over 94 percent of votes cast (323,597,142 votes) at the Corporation’s 2024 annual meeting of shareholders Accordingly, as part of our commitment to strong corporate governance, the board has again determined to provide shareholders with the opportunity to vote FOR or AGAINST our approach to executive compensation through the following resolution: “RESOLVED, on an advisory basis and not to diminish the role and responsibilities of the Board of Directors, that the shareholders accept Nutrien’s approach to executive compensation as described in the Corporation’s management proxy circular for the annual meeting of shareholders of the Corporation scheduled to be held on May 7, 2025.” While the results of the vote are not binding on the board, the board will take the results into account when considering compensation policies, practices and decisions. If there is a significant proportion of votes against the “Say on Pay” resolution, the board will take steps to better understand any shareholder concerns that might have influenced the voting. We have carefully reviewed our compensation benchmarking practices and relevant disclosures to identify and execute our approach to executive compensation. The board unanimously recommends that the shareholders vote FOR the approach to executive compensation described in this circular. Unless instructed otherwise, the persons named in the proxy will vote FOR the approach to executive compensation described in this circular. See “Section Five: General Information – Shareholder Engagement and Contacting the Board” for more information about our Say on Pay and Shareholder Engagement Policy. 18 | Nutrien AGM Circular 2025 Table of Contents Overview Voting Information Business of the meeting Board of directors and corporate governance Executive compensation General information Schedules SECTION THREE: BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE SECTION INDEX Key information about our board 20 Composition of nominees 20 Board and committee attendance 20 About our nominees 21 Our corporate governance 34 Board independence standards 34 Board tenure 35 Board interlocks and overboarding 35 Board succession planning and refreshment 35 Executive succession planning 36 CEO succession planning 36 Board diversity 36 Executive diversity 37 Strategy and risk governance 38 Governance of sustainability risks 40 Board competencies and board skills matrix 40 Key skills and experience 41 Board skills matrix 42 Board, committee and individual director performance evaluations 43 Board orientation and continuing education 43 Committees of the board 43 Report of the CG&N Committee 44 Report of the Audit Committee 45 Report of the HR&C Committee 46 Report of the S&S Committee 47 Director compensation program 48 Philosophy and objectives 48 Fees and retainers 48 Directors’ equity ownership requirements 49 Nutrien’s DSU plan 49 2024 Summary of director compensation 50 Director summary compensation table 50 Outstanding DSUs 51 DSU awards – value vested or redeemable during the year 51 Nutrien AGM Circular 2025 | 19 Table of Contents Overview Voting Information Business of the meeting Board of directors and corporate governance Executive compensation General information Schedules KEY INFORMATION ABOUT OUR BOARD This year, 12 candidates are listed in this circular for election to the board for a term that expires at the next annual meeting. All our nominees were elected at the Corporation’s 2024 annual meeting. We believe that each nominee will be able to serve as a director, and has the right skills, perspectives, experience and expertise necessary for proper oversight and effective . COMPOSITION OF NOMINEES 10 OF 12 of our nominees are independent For more information about board tenure, succession planning and our Board Diversity Policy, see pages 36 and 37. BOARD AND COMMITTEE ATTENDANCE Number of Meetings Held During 2024 Average Director Attendance Board 5 100% Corporate Governance & Nominating Committee (CG&N Committee) 4 100% Audit Committee 4 100% Human Resources & Compensation Committee (HR&C Committee) 5 100% Safety & Sustainability Committee (S&S Committee) 4 100% Under our Corporate Governance Framework, as well as our board charter and each of our committee charters, independent directors meet separately at each board and committee meeting without any members of management present. The presiding director at these sessions of the board and committees is the board chair or committee chair, as applicable, or, in his or her absence, a director selected by those board or committee members present, as applicable. 20 | Nutrien AGM Circular 2025 Table of Contents Overview Voting Information Business of the meeting Board of directors and corporate governance Executive compensation General information Schedules ABOUT OUR NOMINEES Key skills and experience: • Finance/Audit & Risk • Mergers & Acquisitions • Strategy Christopher Burley is a Corporate Director and the former Managing Director and Vice Chairman of Energy for Merrill Lynch Canada Inc., an investment banking firm. He serves as the Chairman of WestJet Airlines, an Onex Corporation portfolio company and also is a member of the ICD Climate Strategy Advisory Board. Mr. Burley is a graduate of the Institute of Corporate Directors’ Directors Education Program and holds the ICD.D designation. He holds a Bachelor of Science with a Certificate of Honours Standing (Geophysics) and a Master of Business Administration from Western University. Mr. Burley’s extensive experience in investment banking at a leading global firm allows Mr. Burley to provide the board with important insight to strategic and corporate development matters, including the identification and assessment of opportunities and risks associated with Nutrien’s mergers and acquisitions and other strategic initiatives. Board & Committee Membership 2024 Meeting Attendance Board of Directors 5 of 5 Audit Committee (Chair) 4 of 4 CG&N Committee 4 of 4 2024 Annual Meeting Results Percentage (Number) of Votes Cast for Nominee 2024 98.33% (336,432,205) Equity Ownership Interest (1) Common Shares 17,000 DSUs 32,049 Total Value of Securities Held $2,505,424 Director Equity Ownership Requirement ($900,000) (2) ✔ Other Public Issuer Directorships During the Last Five Years (3) None Nutrien AGM Circular 2025 | 21 Table of Contents Overview Voting Information Business of the meeting Board of directors and corporate governance Executive compensation General information Schedules Key skills and experience: • Finance/Audit & Risk • Mergers & Acquisitions • International Business Maura Clark is a Corporate Director and the former President of Direct Energy Business, the commercial and industry energy business unit of Direct Energy L.P., a North American energy and services provider formerly owned by Centrica plc. Previously she was Executive Vice President of North American Strategy and Mergers and Acquisitions for Direct Energy. She is a director of Fortis Inc., Newmont Corporation, and is a board member of Sanctuary for Families. Ms. Clark is a designated Chartered Professional Accountant and holds a Bachelor of Arts (Economics) from Queen’s University. Ms. Clark’s finance and retail energy experience provides our board with a unique and varied skillset and allowed Ms. Clark to provide strong leadership as prior chair of Nutrien’s Audit Committee. Board & Committee Membership 2024 Meeting Attendance Board of Directors 5 of 5 S&S Committee 4 of 4 HR&C Committee 5 of 5 2024 Annual Meeting Results Percentage (Number) of Votes Cast for Nominee 2024 98.95% (338,556,887) Equity Ownership Interest (1) Common Shares 5,230 DSUs 28,613 Total Value of Securities Held $1,728,720 Director Equity Ownership Requirement ($900,000) (2) ✔ Other Public Issuer Directorships During the Last Five Years Newmont Corporation, a gold mining company (TSX, NYSE) 2020 to present Fortis Inc., an electric and gas utility company (TSX) 2015 to present Garrett Motion Inc., an automotive parts company (NYSE) (4) 2018 to 2021 22 | Nutrien AGM Circular 2025 Table of Contents Overview Voting Information Business of the meeting Board of directors and corporate governance Executive compensation General information Schedules Key skills and experience: • Senior Leadership • Operations • Strategy Russ Girling is chair of Nutrien. He is also the former President and Chief Executive Officer of TransCanada Pipelines Limited and TC Energy Corporation, a North American energy infrastructure company. He currently serves as the board chair of Suncor Energy Inc. and previously served as a director of the American Petroleum Institute, the Business Council of Canada and the Business Council of Alberta. Mr. Girling was also a former member of the U.S. National Petroleum Council and the U.S. Business Roundtable. He is a graduate of the Institute of Corporate Directors’ Directors Education Program and holds a Bachelor of Commerce and a Master of Business Administration (Finance) from the University of Calgary. Mr. Girling’s chief executive experience at a leading Canadian company with global operations provides the board with important perspective, and positions him to, in his role as chair, work collaboratively and constructively with our Chief Executive Officer and executive team. Board & Committee Membership 2024 Meeting Attendance Board of Directors (Chair) 5 of 5 2024 Annual Meeting Results Percentage (Number) of Votes Cast for Nominee 2024 98.31% (336,368,118) Equity Ownership Interest (1) Common Shares 13,780 DSUs 165,184 Total Value of Securities Held $9,141,463 Director Equity Ownership Requirement ($900,000) (2) ✔ Other Public Issuer Directorships During the Last Five Years Suncor Energy Inc., an energy company (TSX, NYSE) 2021 to present TC Energy Corporation, a diversified energy and pipeline company (TSX, NYSE) 2010 to 2020 Nutrien AGM Circular 2025 | 23 Table of Contents Overview Voting Information Business of the meeting Board of directors and corporate governance Executive compensation General information Schedules Key skills and experience: • Senior Leadership • Strategy • Mining & Exploration; Energy Michael Hennigan is the Executive Chairman and the former President and Chief Executive Officer of Marathon Petroleum Corporation, a petroleum refining, natural gas processing and midstream logistics company. He is also the Executive Chairman and the former Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of MPLX LP, a natural gas processing and midstream logistics company. He currently serves as a director of Marathon Petroleum Corporation and MPLX LP. He previously served as a director of Andeavor Logistics, Energy Transfer Partners, Niska Gas Storage Management, Philadelphia Energy Solutions and SunCoke Energy. Mr. Hennigan holds a Bachelor of Science (Chemical Engineering) from Drexel University. Mr. Hennigan’s career experience in a variety of roles throughout the value chain, including his previous role as President and Chief Executive Officer of a complex large cap company, which has clear analogs to Nutrien in terms of processing, commodity end markets and challenges relative to ESG, provides a valuable additional perspective. He also brings relevant retail, logistical and distribution experience that will allow further diversified insights. Board & Committee Membership 2024 Meeting Attendance Board of Directors 5 of 5 CG&N Committee 4 of 4 Audit Committee 4 of 4 2024 Annual Meeting Results Percentage (Number) of Votes Cast for Nominee 2024 94.88% (324,634,997) Equity Ownership Interest (1) Common Shares 5,000 DSUs 13,088 Total Value of Securities Held $923,911 Director Equity Ownership Requirement ($900,000) (2) ✔ Other Public Issuer Directorships During the Last Five Years Marathon Petroleum Corporation (NYSE) and its subsidiary, MPLX GP LLC, the general partner of MPLX LP (NYSE), a energy company and a midstream energy company (5) 2020 to present 24 | Nutrien AGM Circular 2025 Table of Contents Overview Voting Information Business of the meeting Board of directors and corporate governance Executive compensation General information Schedules Key skills and experience: • Finance/Audit & Risk • Mergers & Acquisitions • Sustainability Miranda Hubbs is a Corporate Director and the former Executive Vice President and Managing Director of McLean Budden Ltd., one of Canada’s largest institutional asset managers. She serves as a director of Imperial Oil Limited, PSP Investments, the Canadian Investment Regulatory Organization, and is Chair of the Canadian Red Cross. She is a member of the ICD Climate Strategy Advisory Board and the Global Risk Institute Sustainable Finance Advisory Committee. She is also on the Council of the Toronto Biennial of Art. Ms. Hubbs is a CFA charter holder, a SASB FSA credential holder and has earned the CERT certificate in Cybersecurity Oversight from the Software Engineering Institute at Carnegie Mellon University. She holds a Bachelor of Science (Biology) from Western University and a Master of Business Administration from the Schulich School of Business at York University. During her investment career, she was recognized by Brendan Wood International as one of the Top 50 Portfolio Managers in Canada and a TopGun Investment Mind in Oil and Gas (Canada). Ms Hubbs is a recipient of the King Charles III Coronation Medal. Ms. Hubbs brings to our board a wealth of financial, sustainability and executive and board experience, including strong governance and insight. As chair of the S&S Committee, she has overseen the Corporation’s activities with respect to safety, health, the environment, cybersecurity and sustainability (including climate) which is supported by her experience in the asset management industry and serving on the ICD Climate Strategy Advisory Board and the Global Risk Institute Sustainable Finance Advisory Committee. Board & Committee Membership 2024 Meeting Attendance Board of Directors 5 of 5 HR&C Committee 5 of 5 S&S Committee (Chair) 4 of 4 2024 Annual Meeting Results Percentage (Number) of Votes Cast for Nominee 2024 98.48% (336,950,055) Equity Ownership Interest (1) Common Shares 1,000 DSUs 37,275 Total Value of Securities Held $1,955,066 Director Equity Ownership Requirement ($900,000) (2) ✔ Other Public Issuer Directorships During the Last Five Years Imperial Oil Limited, a petroleum company (TSX, NYSE) 2018 to present Nutrien AGM Circular 2025 | 25 Table of Contents Overview Voting Information Business of the meeting Board of directors and corporate governance Executive compensation General information Schedules Key skills and experience: • Mergers & Acquisitions • Innovation/Technology & Security (including Cybersecurity Oversight) • Human Resources Raj Kushwaha is the Managing Director and Chief Digital Officer, of Value Creation of Warburg Pincus LLC, a private equity firm. Prior to joining Warburg Pincus LLC, Mr. Kushwaha previously held senior management positions at Zimmer Holdings Inc., Dell Computer Corporation, PepsiCo, First Data Corporation (FDC), Cummins Engine Company and Safway, Inc. He currently serves as a director of Arise Virtual Solutions and on the Technology Advisory Committee of the Boards of Trustees of Mount Sinai. Mr. Kushwaha previously served as a director of Encora Inc. and Cyren Ltd. Mr. Kushwaha has numerous patents in the field of disruptive services technologies. Mr. Kushwaha holds an M.S. in Management of Technology from MIT, an M.B.A. from the University of Wisconsin at Madison and ISU; a B.S. in Electrical Engineering from India and completed the Advanced Management Program (AMP) from Harvard University. He has also earned his National Association of Corporate Directors Directorship Certification. Mr. Kushwaha brings over 30 years of experience in leading large scale digital transformations, building commercial grade SaaS software platforms, and managing Fortune 500 companies and entrepreneurial late stage ventures. His expertise in technology and innovation, in particular his experience in assessing the associated opportunities and risks in a variety of industries, provides a strong resource for the board as the sector continues its digital transformation. Board & Committee Membership 2024 Meeting Attendance Board of Directors 5 of 5 HR&C Committee 5 of 5 S&S Committee 4 of 4 2024 Annual Meeting Results Percentage (Number) of Votes Cast for Nominee 2024 98.99% (338,698,692) Equity Ownership Interest (1) Common Shares 600 DSUs 10,198 Total Value of Securities Held $551,570 Director Equity Ownership Requirement ($900,000) (2) ✔ Other Public Issuer Directorships During the Last Five Years Cyren Ltd., an information security technology company (NASDAQ) 2018 to 2022 26 | Nutrien AGM Circular 2025 Table of Contents Overview Voting Information Business of the meeting Board of directors and corporate governance Executive compensation General information Schedules Key skills and experience: • Strategy • Innovation/Technology & Security (including Cybersecurity Oversight) • Sustainability Julie Lagacy is the former Chief Sustainability and Strategy Officer at Caterpillar Inc., a manufacturer of construction and mining equipment, diesel and natural gas engines, industrial gas turbines and locomotives. Ms. Lagacy currently serves as a director of Vistra Corp. and the Illinois Cancer Care Charitable Foundation and previously served as a director of RPM International Inc. She holds a dual bachelor’s degree in Management and Economics from Illinois State University, an M.B.A. degree from Bradley University, and is a Certified Management Accountant. Ms. Lagacy brings extensive executive management experience, including financial, strategic, technology, cybersecurity, ESG, sustainability, management development, acquisitions, and capital allocation to the board. Specifically with regard to cybersecurity matters, Ms. Lagacy has earned the CERT certificate in Cybersecurity Oversight from the Software Engineering Institute at Carnegie Mellon University. Board & Committee Membership 2024 Meeting Attendance Board of Directors 5 of 5 Audit Committee 4 of 4 CG&N Committee 4 of 4 2024 Annual Meeting Results Percentage (Number) of Votes Cast for Nominee 2024 99.22% (339,492,560) Equity Ownership Interest (1) Common Shares 2,000 DSUs 4,201 Total Value of Securities Held $317,347 Director Equity Ownership Requirement ($900,000) (2) ✔ Other Public Issuer Directorships During the Last Five Years Vistra Corp., an integrated retail electricity and power generation company (NYSE) 2023 to present RPM International Inc., a specialty coatings, sealants, building materials and related services company (NYSE) 2017 to 2023 Nutrien AGM Circular 2025 | 27 Table of Contents Overview Voting Information Business of the meeting Board of directors and corporate governance Executive compensation General information Schedules Key skills and experience: • • International Business • Operations Consuelo Madere is a corporate director and the former President and Founder of Proven Leader Advisory, LLC, a management consulting and executive coaching firm. Previously she was Vice President, Global Vegetables and Asia Commercial of Monsanto Company, a global provider of agricultural products. Ms. Madere serves as a director of Lindsay Corporation, and previously served as a director of S&W Seed Company. She is an emeritus member of the Dean’s Advisory Council at the Louisiana State University Ogden Honors College. Ms. Madere is a National Association of Corporate Directors Board Leadership Fellow and holds a CERT certificate in Cybersecurity Oversight from the Software Engineering Institute at Carnegie Mellon University. She holds a Bachelor of Science (Chemical Engineering) from Louisiana State University and a Master of Business Administration from the University of Iowa. Ms. Madere’s extensive experience in the sector and significant global operations experience brings a global perspective to the board. Ms. Madere has chaired the Nomination and Governance committee of two other public company boards. This, in addition to her management consulting and executive coaching experience is instrumental in her chairing of the CG&N Committee, where she has overseen the Corporation’s governance, board committees and board succession planning. Board & Committee Membership 2024 Meeting Attendance Board of Directors 5 of 5 CG&N Committee (Chair) 4 of 4 Audit Committee 4 of 4 2024 Annual Meeting Results Percentage (Number) of Votes Cast for Nominee 2024 98.56% (337,233,510) Equity Ownership Interest (1) Common Shares 6,600 DSUs 17,391 Total Value of Securities Held $1,225,480 Director Equity Ownership Requirement ($900,000) (2) ✔ Other Public Issuer Directorships During the Last Five Years Lindsay Corporation, an agriculture irrigation and transportation infrastructure company (NYSE) 2018 to present S&W Seed Company, an agriculture seed company (NASDAQ) 2018 to 2023 28 | Nutrien AGM Circular 2025 Table of Contents Overview Voting Information Business of the meeting Board of directors and corporate governance Executive compensation General information Schedules Key skills and experience: • Finance/Audit & Risk • Public Policy & External Relations • Human Resources Keith Martell is the former President and Chief Executive Officer of First Nations Bank of Canada, a Canadian chartered bank providing financial services with a focus on the Indigenous marketplace. He serves as a director of Bank and University of Saskatchewan Properties Investment Inc. and a governor of the University of Saskatchewan. He previously served as a director of the Canadian Chamber of Commerce, Public Sector Pension Investment Board of Canada, The North West Company Inc., and as a trustee of the National Indian Brotherhood Trust. Mr. Martell is a designated Chartered Professional Accountant and holds a Bachelor of Commerce and an Honorary Doctorate of Laws from the University of Saskatchewan. Mr. Martell brings to our board a unique perspective on public policy and external matters. As the former Chair of the HR&C Committee he was responsible for the oversight of Nutrien’s inclusion initiatives in our workplace, including Indigenous outreach efforts, aided by his knowledge and experience in his current and former roles. The board also benefits from the extensive financial background he has developed throughout his career serving various financial institutions. Board & Committee Membership 2024 Meeting Attendance Board of Directors 5 of 5 S&S Committee 4 of 4 2024 Annual Meeting Results Percentage (Number) of Votes Cast for Nominee 2024 99.01% (338,771,513) Equity Ownership Interest (1) Common Shares 4,300 DSUs 36,147 Total Value of Securities Held $2,066,009 Director Equity Ownership Requirement ($900,000) (2) ✔ Other Public Issuer Directorships During the Last Five Years Bank, a financial services provider (TSX, NYSE) 2023 to present Nutrien AGM Circular 2025 | 29 Table of Contents Overview Voting Information Business of the meeting Board of directors and corporate governance Executive compensation General information Schedules Key skills and experience: • Mining & Exploration; Energy • Senior Leadership • Strategy Aaron Regent is a Corporate Director, Founder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Magris Performance Materials Inc., a leading North American based industrial minerals company. Previously he was President and Chief Executive Officer of Barrick Gold Corporation, Senior Managing Partner of Brookfield Asset Management, Executive Officer of the Brookfield Infrastructure Group and President and Chief Executive Officer of Falconbridge Limited. Mr. Regent is the board chair of The Bank of Nova Scotia, serves on the board of the C.D. Howe Institute and previously served on the board of Plan International Canada. He is the and of Mining4Life and previously was the Governor of the Trails Youth Initiatives. Mr. Regent is a designated fellow of the Chartered Professional Accountants (Ontario) (7) and holds a Bachelor of Arts (History) from Western University. Mr. Regent’s experience as a longtime global mining executive, and as an executive or board member of leading asset management and financial institutions, assists the board in identifying and assessing a variety of risks faced by, and opportunities available to, the Corporation. Board & Committee Membership 2024 Meeting Attendance Board of Directors 5 of 5 Audit Committee 4 of 4 HR&C Committee (Chair) 5 of 5 2024 Annual Meeting Results Percentage (Number) of Votes Cast for Nominee 2024 97.69% (334,242,974) Equity Ownership Interest (1) Common Shares 23,820 DSUs 56,149 Total Value of Securities Held $4,084,818 Director Equity Ownership Requirement ($900,000) (2) ✔ Other Public Issuer Directorships During the Last Five Years The Bank of Nova Scotia, a financial services provider (TSX, NYSE) 2013 to present 30 | Nutrien AGM Circular 2025 Table of Contents Overview Voting Information Business of the meeting Board of directors and corporate governance Executive compensation General information Schedules Key skills and experience: • International Business • Strategy • Mining & Exploration; Energy Ken Seitz is the President and Chief Executive Officer at Nutrien. Ken joined Nutrien in 2019 as Executive Vice President and Chief Executive Officer of Potash. He brings over 25 years of global management experience working across more than 60 countries, with an extensive background in agriculture and mining. Earlier in his career, Mr. Seitz served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Canpotex, one of the world’s largest suppliers of Potash, giving him deep experience in global fertilizer marketing and logistics and strong connections within the industry. Mr. Seitz currently serves as a director of the International Fertilizer Association and The Fertilizer Institute. He holds a Bachelor of Science in Agriculture, a Bachelor of Engineering, and a Master of Business Administration from the University of Saskatchewan. He is a Professional Engineer with the Association of Professional Engineers and Geoscientists of Saskatchewan and is a Professional Agrologist with the Saskatchewan Institute of Agrologists. Ken also holds a Certificate in Management from the Stern School of Business at New York University. Board & Committee Membership 2024 Meeting Attendance Board of Directors 5 of 5 2024 Annual Meeting Results Percentage (Number) of Votes Cast for Nominee 2024 99.25% (339,595,797) Equity Ownership Interest For details regarding Mr. Seitz’s equity ownership, see page 70. Other Public Issuer Directorships During the Last Five Years Source Energy Services Ltd., an oilfield services company (TSX) (8) 2018 to 2022 Nutrien AGM Circular 2025 | 31 Table of Contents Overview Voting Information Business of the meeting Board of directors and corporate governance Executive compensation General information Schedules Key skills and experience: • International Business • Mining & Exploration; Energy • Distribution Nelson Silva is an advisor to Appian Capital Advisory LLP and HSB Solomon Associates LLC and serves as a trustee of the Appian Way Charitable Foundation. He has served as a Director of Compass Group PLC, Altera Infrastructure L.P. and as an executive director of Petróleo Brasileiro S.A. He is also a member of the McLaren Advoisory Team at McLaren Racing. Mr. Silva was the former Chief Executive Officer of BG Group in South America, former President of the Aluminium business unit at BHP Billiton, former Sales and Marketing Director at Vale, former Managing Director of Embraer Europe, former Chief Executive Officer of All Logistica, and former director of Cosan Limited. Mr. Silva brings extensive international experience to the board with a strong focus on South America and Brazil. This experience provides important perspective for the board, including as the Corporation continues to operate in the important and growing Brazilian agricultural market. Board & Committee Membership 2024 Meeting Attendance Board of Directors 5 of 5 HR&C Committee 5 of 5 S&S Committee 4 of 4 2024 Annual Meeting Results Percentage (Number) of Votes Cast for Nominee 2024 99.01% (338,779,596) Equity Ownership Interest (1) Common Shares Nil DSUs 11,016 Total Value of Securities Held $562,683 Director Equity Ownership Requirement ($900,000) (2) ✔ Other Public Issuer Directorships During the Last Five Years Compass Group PLC, a multinational contract foodservice company (LON) 2015 to present Cosan Limited, a fully integrated renewable energy and infrastructure company (NYSE) 2019 to 2020 32 | Nutrien AGM Circular 2025 Table of Contents Overview Voting Information Business of the meeting Board of directors and corporate governance Executive compensation General information Schedules Notes: 1 As of March 7, 2025 and based on Nutrien’s closing share price on the NYSE on March 7, 2025 of $51.08 , with the exception of Ms. Lagacy being as of March 11, 2025 and based on Nutrien’s closing share price on the NYSE on March 11, 2025 of $51.18. 2 See page 49 for more information on our director equity ownership requirements. Directors have five years to comply with equity ownership requirements. Nutrien considers the requirement met if the target is achieved on a prorated basis. Amounts reported include DSUs credited as dividend equivalents. 3 Mr. Burley was a director of Parallel Energy Inc., administrator of Parallel Energy Trust (Parallel Energy). On or about November 9, 2015, Parallel Energy and its affiliates filed applications for protection under the Companies’ Creditors Arrangement Act (Canada) and voluntary petitions for relief under Chapter 11 of Title 11 of the United States Code. Mr. Burley resigned from the board of directors of Parallel Energy Inc. on March 1, 2016. The Canadian entities of Parallel Energy each filed an assignment in bankruptcy under the Bankruptcy and Insolvency Act on March 3, 2016. In 2015, securities regulators for the Provinces of Alberta, British Columbia, Manitoba, Ontario, Quebec, Saskatchewan and New Brunswick issued cease trade orders in relation to the securities of Parallel Energy for the failure by Parallel Energy to timely file financial statements as well as related continuous disclosure documents. Such cease trade orders continue to be in effect. The TSX delisted the trust units and debentures of Parallel Energy at the close of business on December 11, 2015. 4 Ms. Clark served as a director of Garrett Motion Inc. (Garrett Motion) from October 2018 until April 2021. In September 2020, Garrett Motion and certain affiliated companies filed voluntary petitions under Chapter 11 of Title 11 of the United States Bankruptcy Code. On April 30, 2021, Garrett Motion announced that it emerged from its Chapter 11 proceedings, successfully completing the restructuring process and implementing the plan of reorganization that was confirmed by the United States Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of New York on April 23, 2021. 5 MPLX GP LLC is a wholly owned subsidiary of Marathon Petroleum Corporation. Service on the MPLX GP LLC board of directors by Mr. Hennigan is an extension of his service on the Marathon Petroleum Corporation board of directors and part of Mr. Hennigan’s responsibilities as Executive Chairman of Marathon Petroleum Corporation and under Nutrien’s Corporate Governance Framework service on the Marathon Petroleum Corporation board of directors and the MPLX GP LLC board of directors is counted as one public company for the purposes of assessing public company board commitments. Mr. Hennigan has continuously fulfilled all of his duties as an independent director of Nutrien, as evidenced by his 100% attendance record at the Corporation’s board, CG&N and Audit committee meetings of which he is a member. 6 Effective January 1, 2023 due to a technical deeming rule Mr. Martell was rendered under applicable Canadian securities laws for the purposes of serving on the Corporation’s Audit Committee. See page 35 for more information. 7 Mr. Regent is not and has never been employed by the Corporation’s current auditor. 8 Mr. Seitz served as a director of Source Energy Services Ltd. from May 2018 until January 2022. In December 2020, Source Energy Services Ltd. announced the successful completion of its recapitalization transaction pursuant to a corporate plan of arrangement under the Canada Business Corporations Act , which enabled Source Energy Services Ltd. to address its liquidity challenges and debt. Nutrien AGM Circular 2025 | 33 Table of Contents Overview Voting Information Business of the meeting Board of directors and corporate governance Executive compensation General information Schedules OUR CORPORATE GOVERNANCE We are committed to setting the “tone from the top” to create a culture of integrity throughout the organization by ingraining good corporate governance systems and principles in our business operations and culture. We believe that this plays an important role in our success. See Nutrien’s website at www.nutrien.com for more information about our governance policies, including our Corporate Governance Framework, Code of Conduct and board chair position description. Some highlights of our corporate governance practices are as follows: Corporate Governance • 10 of 12 director nominees are independent • Oversees execution of corporate strategy and risk oversight, including dedicated strategy focused meetings • Board diversity — Female representation of 30%, currently 33% — 8% identify as Indigenous — 8% identify as a member of a visible minority • All committees are independent • Board, committee and director evaluations annually • Board orientation and education program • Code of Conduct • Supplier Code of Conduct • In camera sessions at every board and committee meeting • Audit Committee whistleblower procedures • Written CEO, board chair and committee chair position descriptions • No board interlocks Shareholder Rights • Annual election of directors • Individual director elections • Written Say on Pay and Shareholder Engagement Policy • Active shareholder engagement • Annual advisory “Say on Pay” vote • Advance Notice Compensation Governance • Independent advice • Recoupment Policy and Supplemental Recoupment Policy • Prohibition on hedging • Director equity ownership requirement of 3x the board annual retainer • change in control provisions • Executive equity ownership requirements: — 6x base salary (President and Chief Executive Officer) including one year post retirement — 1.5-3x base salary (Executive Vice Presidents) BOARD INDEPENDENCE STANDARDS Each director’s independence is assessed annually against the independence standards set out in the NYSE Listing Standards, Canadian securities laws relating to governance practices and audit committees and our Corporate Governance Framework. For these purposes, “independent” means the director does not have a direct or indirect relationship with the Corporation which could, in the view of the board, be reasonably expected to interfere with the exercise of the director’s independent judgment, and is not otherwise deemed under applicable U.S. or Canadian securities laws or stock exchange rules not to be independent. Board committee members must also satisfy any additional requirements prescribed under applicable U.S. or Canadian laws and stock exchange rules. 34 | Nutrien AGM Circular 2025 Table of Contents Overview Voting Information Business of the meeting Board of directors and corporate governance Executive compensation General information Schedules The board has determined that all of the proposed nominees, with the exception of Ken Seitz and Keith Martell, are “independent” for purposes of the board independence standards described above. Mr. Seitz is not independent because he is our President and CEO. Mr. Martell is deemed , effective January 1, 2023, solely as a result of his adult daughter, with whom he shares a residence, being employed by the Corporation’s external auditor and participating in the external auditor’s audit, assurance or tax compliance practice. Mr. Martell’s adult daughter does not participate in any matters related to Nutrien. Absent this deeming rule, the board has determined that Mr. Martell does not have any direct or indirect relationship with the Corporation which could, in the view of the board, be reasonably expected to interfere with his independent judgement. BOARD TENURE Under the board’s Corporate Governance Framework, a director’s retirement age is generally 72 years, however, the board may request a director extend his or her term of service beyond such retirement age. We do not limit the time that a director can serve on the board. While director term limits can assist with board refreshment, there may be circumstances where the board does not want to lose the deeper knowledge of the business and the experience of a director. Board performance evaluations, the board’s retirement policy and our director succession planning program, which includes updated assessments of our board competencies and skills matrix are all mechanisms used by the board to achieve board refreshment. BOARD INTERLOCKS AND OVERBOARDING Under the terms of the Corporate Governance Framework, a board interlock arises when two of the Corporation’s directors also serve together on the board of another public company and there shall be no more than two board interlocks at any given time. As of the date of this circular, there are no board interlocks among board members. The Corporate Governance Framework also describes Nutrien’s overboarding policy. The CEO should not serve on the board of more than one other public company. The CEO should not serve on the board of any other company where the CEO of that other company serves on Nutrien’s board. Directors (other than the CEO) who are employed as chief executive officers, or in other senior executive positions of another public company on a basis, should not serve on any public company board other than the board of their employer and Nutrien’s board. Other directors should not serve on more than three boards of public companies, in addition to Nutrien’s board. Directors are expected to notify the board and CG&N Committee chairs before accepting an invitation to serve on another public company board, to allow the chairs to reasonably assess whether the additional responsibilities will compromise the director’s availability and capacity to fulfill his or her commitment to the board, and whether any real or apparent conflict of interest will result. Executive officers must obtain the approval of Nutrien’s CEO before accepting an invitation to serve on a public company board. The Corporate Governance Framework limits the number of public company boards on which our directors and executive officers should serve. BOARD SUCCESSION PLANNING AND REFRESHMENT The CG&N Committee has primary responsibility for board succession planning and for developing a list of nominees for election as directors at each annual meeting. The CG&N Committee chair regularly reports to the board on the board succession planning process. In addition, the CG&N Committee reviews and updates, as appropriate, the board competencies and skills matrix annually, with a view in particular to take into account the Corporation’s strategic plan and the needs of the board. The committee then reviews overall board composition to assess whether the board has the right mix of skills, perspectives, experience and expertise necessary for proper oversight and effective decision making, benchmarked against the skills matrix and the board’s inclusivity objectives. The CG&N Committee also considers expected turnover and board refreshment. Working with the board chair, the committee considers the expected term of office of each director and how close they are to retirement age in order to plan for potential departures. The CG&N Committee also reviews the annual board assessment results to determine whether changes are needed and reviews each candidates’ independence in light of legal and regulatory requirements. The board chair, CEO, certain committee chairs and other directors interview any suitable candidates, and the Corporation conducts background and conflict checks. Search firms engaged by the Corporation are instructed to ensure that diverse candidates are included in the search process. In 2021, the CG&N Committee undertook an evaluation of Nutrien’s existing policies and practices regarding board chair, committee chair and committee member refreshment. This evaluation resulted in the adoption of Chair and Committee Rotation Guidelines, which Nutrien AGM Circular 2025 | 35 Table of Contents Overview Voting Information Business of the meeting Board of directors and corporate governance Executive compensation General information Schedules acknowledge that regular rotation of the board chair, committee chairs’ and committee members’ responsibilities among directors is part of an effective board renewal policy, and which guidelines provide for the board to pay particular consideration to rotating the board chair following a five to term, committee chairs following a three to term, and committee members following a three to term. While the board generally evaluates committee membership in these timeframes, it has not instituted a strict rotation schedule as there may be reasons to keep a certain director on a committee for a longer period such as realizing the benefits of the specific qualifications and experience of a particular member. Any changes are made by the board taking into account the recommendations of the board chair and the CG&N Committee. EXECUTIVE SUCCESSION PLANNING The HR&C Committee principally has responsibility for overseeing management’s planning process for executive development and succession. The HR&C Committee chair regularly reports to the board on executive succession planning. At least annually, the HR&C Committee reviews succession planning, the management structure and executive development. It also reviews succession planning and l

[truncated]