management’s discussion and analysis, to both our (beneficial) shareholders and registered shareholders. This means that our meeting materials are posted online on our website at www.nutrien.com/investors/shareholder-information/ , under our profile on SEDAR+ at www.sedarplus.ca and on EDGAR at www.sec.gov/edgar/search for shareholders to access, instead of being mailed to shareholders. Notice and access reduces printing and mailing costs and is more environmentally friendly as it uses less materials and energy consumption. You will receive a package in the mail which will include a form of proxy or voting instruction form, with instructions on how to vote your common shares and access the meeting materials electronically. You may also request a paper copy of the meeting materials at no cost to you at any time prior to the meeting by contacting our transfer agent, Computershare Investor Services Inc. to align with ancillary meeting materials (Computershare) (in the case of registered shareholders), by phone at 1-866-962-0498 ( within Canada and the U.S.) or 514-982-8716 (outside Canada and the U.S.) or Broadridge Investor Communications Solutions, Inc. (in the case of (beneficial) shareholders) by going to www.proxyvote.com or by phone at 1-877-907-7643 ( within Canada and the U.S.) or 303-562-9305 (English) or 303-562-9306 (French) (outside Canada and the U.S.). If you are a registered shareholder and have previously provided standing instructions indicating that you wish to receive paper copies of the meeting materials, you may revoke your instructions by calling Computershare at the number above. Beneficial shareholders should contact their intermediary to change their instructions. Voting Shares 67 Who can vote 67 Outstanding common shares 67 Principal shareholders 67 Quorum 67 Notice and access 67 Voting instructions 68 Attending the meeting virtually 68 How to vote 69 Proxies 72 Persons making the solicitation 72 Voting by proxy 72 Depositing proxies 73 Exercise of discretion by proxyholder 73 About our shareholder advisory and proxy solicitation agent 73 Other information 73 Additional information 73 Currency 76 Date of information 76 If you request a paper copy of the meeting materials, you will not receive a new form of proxy or voting instruction form. Therefore, you should keep the original form sent to you in order to vote your common shares. See “Other Information – Additional Information” if you would like to access the meeting materials and other information electronically or at any time after the meeting. Nutrien AGM Circular 2026 67 Table of Contents Our Board Our Company Our Pay Our Shareholders Our Annual Meeting, Voting Information, Defined Terms, FAQs and Proxy Circular Reference Material Schedules Voting instructions TO BE COUNTED PROXIES MUST BE RECEIVED NO LATER THAN 1:30 p.m. (CENTRAL STANDARD TIME) ON MONDAY, MAY 4, 2026 (OR, IF THE MEETING IS ADJOURNED OR POSTPONED, NOT LESS THAN 48 HOURS (EXCLUDING SATURDAYS, SUNDAYS AND HOLIDAYS) BEFORE THE TIME AND DATE OF THE ADJOURNED OR POSTPONED MEETING). In order to ensure that your proxy is received in time for Nutrien’s annual meeting of shareholders to be held on Wednesday, May 6, 2026, we recommend that you vote in the following ways: Voting Method Internet Telephone Mail Beneficial Shareholders If your shares are held with a broker, bank or other intermediary. Go to www.proxyvote.com and enter your 16-digit control number located on your voting instruction form. Canadian: Call 1-800-474-7493 U.S.: Call 1-800-454-8683 and provide your 16-digit control number located on your voting instruction form. If you vote by telephone, you cannot appoint anyone other than the appointees named on your voting instruction form as your proxyholder. Complete, sign and date your voting instruction form and return it in the envelope provided. Registered Shareholders If your shares are held in your name and represented by a physical certificate or Direct Registration System (DRS) advice. Go to www.investorvote.com and follow the instructions. You will need your 15-digit control number, which is on your proxy form. Call 1-866-732-VOTE (8683) from a phone and follow the voice instructions. You will need your 15-digit control number, which is on your proxy form. If you vote by telephone, you cannot appoint anyone other than the appointees named on your proxy form as your proxyholder. Complete, sign and date your proxy form and return it to Computershare Investor Services Inc., Proxy Department, 100 University Avenue, 8 th Floor, Toronto, Ontario, M5J 2Y1 in the envelope provided. Shareholders who wish to appoint a third party as their proxyholder (i.e., persons other than the persons designated by Nutrien on the form of proxy or identified on the voting instruction form (including a shareholder who wishes to appoint themselves)) to represent them at the meeting MUST submit their form of proxy or voting instruction form, appointing that proxyholder. If your proxyholder will be attending the meeting virtually you MUST also register that proxyholder by visiting www.computershare.com/Nutrien by 1:30 p.m. (Central Standard Time) on May 4, 2026 or, if the meeting is adjourned or postponed, not less than 48 hours (excluding Saturdays, Sundays and holidays) before the time and date of the adjourned or postponed meeting, and provide Computershare with the required proxyholder contact information so that Computershare may provide the proxyholder with a username via email. Registering your proxyholder is an additional step to be completed AFTER you have submitted your form of proxy or voting instruction form. Failure to register the proxyholder will result in the proxyholder not receiving a username that will act as their online credentials, which is required for them to vote at the meeting. See “Voting by Proxy” for additional information on registering proxyholders. Attending the meeting virtually Registered shareholders and duly appointed proxyholders will be able to attend, participate and vote at our annual meeting online webcast at https://meetings.lumiconnect.com/400-282-047-677 (password: nutrien2026). Such persons may enter the meeting by clicking “I have a username” and entering a valid control number (which acts as the username), or in the case of duly appointed proxyholders their provided username, and the password: nutrien2026 (case sensitive) before the start of the meeting. Registered shareholders or their duly appointed proxies may and are encouraged to submit questions while connected to the meeting on the internet. If you wish to submit a comment or question, you may do so by logging into the virtual meeting platform, selecting the messaging icon, typing your comment or question within the box at the top of the screen and clicking the send button. Comments or questions can be submitted commencing at the start of the meeting. We will announce when there is a short time remaining for the submission of any comments or questions in connection with each formal motion. This is consistent with the Corporation’s practice at its last four annual meetings of shareholders, all held 68 Nutrien AGM Circular 2026 Table of Contents Our Board Our Company Our Pay Our Shareholders Our Annual Meeting, Voting Information, Defined Terms, FAQs and Proxy Circular Reference Material Schedules virtually including the messaging functionality, which is continuously monitored during the course of the meeting by the chair and other Corporation personnel present to ensure that all comments and questions are addressed. Comments or questions will be read aloud before being addressed, and the name of the submitting shareholder or proxyholder may be disclosed. Comments or questions that are redundant or that have inappropriate language or are otherwise unduly disruptive to the orderly conduct of the meeting will not be addressed, and questions that are not part of the formal discussion of the meeting’s items of business may not be addressed. In each previous annual meeting of shareholders held virtually, all comments made or questions posed, have been read aloud and addressed. We expect to have sufficient time for all comments or questions at the meeting. In the unlikely event that this is not the case, we will communicate with you after the meeting if you have provided your contact information or may choose to post responses on our Investor Relations website at www.nutrien.com/investors. Guests, including (beneficial) shareholders who have not duly appointed themselves as a proxyholder, can login to the meeting by clicking “I am a guest” and completing the online form. Guests will be able to listen to the meeting, but will not be permitted to ask questions or vote at the meeting. See “How to Vote” for additional information on voting at the meeting and “Voting by Proxy” for additional information on appointing yourself as a proxyholder and registering with Computershare. If you attend the meeting virtually, it is important that you are connected to the internet at all times during the meeting in order to vote when balloting commences. You should ensure you have a strong, preferably , internet connection wherever you intend to participate in the meeting. The meeting will begin promptly at 1:30 p.m. (Central Standard Time) on May 6, 2026, unless otherwise adjourned or postponed. Online will begin one hour prior to the meeting, at 12:30 p.m. (Central Standard Time). You should allow ample time for online procedures. Should you have any questions or require assistance, please contact Lumi at @lumiglobal.com. Technical support will only be available once online begins, one hour prior to the meeting, at 12:30 p.m. (Central Standard Time). How to vote How you vote depends on whether you are a (beneficial) or registered shareholder. You are a (beneficial) shareholder if the shares you own are registered for you in the name of an intermediary such as a bank, trust company, securities broker or other nominee. You are a registered shareholder if the shares you own are registered directly in your name. You can vote online at the meeting or you can appoint someone to attend the meeting online and vote your shares for you (called voting by proxy). Please read these instructions carefully. Shareholders may contact Sodali & Co. by telephone at 1-833-711-5527 ( in North America) or 1-289-695-3075 for banks, brokers, and callers outside North America or by email at assistance@investor.sodali.com. (beneficial) shareholders Registered shareholders Are you a registered or beneficial shareholder? Your intermediary has sent you a notice and access notice and voting instruction form. We may not have records of your shareholdings as a (beneficial) shareholder, so you must follow the instructions from your intermediary to vote. We have sent you a notice and access notice and notice proxy form. A proxy is a document that authorizes someone else to attend the meeting online and vote for you. If you want to attend the meeting virtually and vote online If you wish to vote at the meeting online, you have to appoint yourself as proxyholder by inserting your name in the space provided for appointing a proxyholder and must follow all of the applicable instructions, including the deadline, provided by your intermediary. If you do not duly appoint yourself as proxyholder then you will not be able to ask questions or vote at meeting, but will be able to attend the meeting online as a guest. This is because we and our transfer agent, Computershare, do not have a record of the shareholders, and, as a result, will have no knowledge of your shareholdings or entitlement to vote unless you appoint yourself as proxyholder. Guests will be able to listen to the meeting, but will not be able to vote or submit questions at the meeting. Do not complete the proxy form or return it to us. Simply login to the meeting and complete a ballot in your own name online during the meeting. The control number located on the proxy form or in the email notification you received is your username for purposes of logging in to the meeting. See “Attending the Meeting Virtually” for additional information on how to login to the meeting. Nutrien AGM Circular 2026 69 Table of Contents Our Board Our Company Our Pay Our Shareholders Our Annual Meeting, Voting Information, Defined Terms, FAQs and Proxy Circular Reference Material Schedules (beneficial) shareholders Registered shareholders Computershare will provide you with a control number that will act as your online username and credentials by email after the proxy voting deadline has passed and you have been duly appointed. You must register with Computershare by visiting www.computershare.com/Nutrien by 1:30 p.m. (Central Standard Time) on May 4, 2026 or, if the meeting is adjourned or postponed, not less than 48 hours (excluding Saturdays, Sundays and holidays) before the time and date of the adjourned or postponed meeting, and provide Computershare your contact information so that Computershare may provide you with a control number via email after the proxy voting deadline has passed. This control number is your username for purposes of logging in to the meeting. See “Attending the Meeting Virtually” for additional information on how to login to the meeting and “Voting by Proxy” for additional information on appointing yourself as proxyholder and registering with Computershare. If you do not plan to attend the meeting virtually Complete the voting instruction form and return it to your intermediary. You can either mark your voting instructions on the voting instruction form or you can appoint another person (called a proxyholder) to attend the meeting online and vote your shares for you. If you appoint a proxyholder other than the individuals designated by Nutrien on the voting instruction form such proxyholder will only be able to attend the meeting virtually, you must submit your voting instruction form appointing that proxyholder. You must register that proxyholder by visiting www.computershare.com/Nutrien by 1:30 p.m. (Central Standard Time) on May 4, 2026 or, if the meeting is adjourned or postponed, not less than 48 hours (excluding Saturdays, Sundays and holidays) before the time and date of the adjourned or postponed meeting, and provide Computershare with the required proxyholder contact information so that Computershare may provide the proxyholder with a username via email. Computershare will then provide the proxyholder with a username by email after the proxy voting deadline has passed. This username will provide the proxyholder with access to the meeting. See “Attending the Meeting Virtually” for additional information on how to login to the meeting and “Voting by Proxy” for additional information on appointing and registering a proxyholder with Computershare. You can either mark your voting instructions on the proxy form and return it to Computershare using one of the methods outlined below or you can appoint another person (called a proxyholder) to attend the meeting online and vote your shares for you. If you appoint a proxyholder other than the individuals designated by Nutrien on the proxy form and such proxyholder will be attending the meeting virtually, you must submit your proxy form appointing that proxyholder. You must register that proxyholder by visiting www.computershare.com/Nutrien by 1:30 p.m. (Central Standard Time) on May 4, 2026 or, if the meeting is adjourned or postponed, not less than 48 hours (excluding Saturdays, Sundays and holidays) before the time and date of the adjourned or postponed meeting, and provide Computershare with the required proxyholder contact information so that Computershare may provide the proxyholder with a username via email. Computershare will then provide the proxyholder with a username by email after the proxy voting deadline has passed. This username will provide the proxyholder with access to the meeting. See “Attending the Meeting Virtually” for additional information on how to login to the meeting and “Voting by Proxy” for additional information on appointing and registering a proxyholder with Computershare. 70 Nutrien AGM Circular 2026 Table of Contents Our Board Our Company Our Pay Our Shareholders Our Annual Meeting, Voting Information, Defined Terms, FAQs and Proxy Circular Reference Material Schedules (beneficial) shareholders Registered shareholders Returning the proxy form The voting instruction form tells you how to return it to your intermediary. Remember that your intermediary must receive your voting instructions in sufficient time to act on them, generally one day before the proxy deadline below. Computershare must receive your voting instructions from your intermediary no later than the proxy deadline, which is 1:30 p.m. (Central Standard Time) on Monday, May 4, 2026 or, if the meeting is adjourned or postponed, not less than 48 hours (excluding Saturdays, Sundays and holidays) before the time and date of the adjourned or postponed meeting. The Proxy form tells you how to submit your voting instructions. Computershare must receive your proxy, including any amended proxy, no later than the proxy deadline which is 1:30 p.m. (Central Standard Time) on Monday, May 4, 2026 or, if the meeting is adjourned or postponed, not less than 48 hours (excluding Saturdays, Sundays and holidays) before the time and date of the adjourned or postponed meeting. You may return your proxy in one of the following ways by: • Mail, the envelope provided; • Internet, www.investorvote.com (follow the instructions online); or • Telephone, 1-866-732-VOTE (8683) (in Canada and the U.S.) from a phone and follow the voice instructions. If you vote by telephone, you cannot appoint anyone other than the appointees named on you proxy form as your proxyholder. Changing your mind If you have provided voting instructions to your intermediary and change your mind about how you want to vote, or you decide to attend the meeting virtually and vote online, contact your intermediary to find out what to do. If you want to revoke your proxy, you must deliver a signed written notice specifying your instructions to one of the following: • our Corporate Secretary, by depositing an instrument in writing at our registered head office at the following address any time up to and including the last day (excluding Saturdays, Sundays and holidays) before the meeting: Nutrien Ltd. Suite 1700, 211-19th Street East, Saskatoon, SK, Canada, S7K 5R6 Attention: Corporate Secretary Email: corporatesecretary@nutrien.com • the chair of the meeting, before the meeting starts or any adjourned or postponed meeting reconvenes. The instrument in writing can be from you or your attorney. If he or she has your written authorization. If the common shares are owned by a corporation, partnership, trust or other legal entity the instrument in writing must be from its authorized officer, representative or attorney. You can also revoke your proxy in any other way permitted by law. If you login to the meeting online using your control number and you accept the terms and conditions, you will be revoking any and all previously submitted proxies and will be provided the opportunity to vote online by ballot. Questions or Assistance with Voting Shareholders may contact Sodali & Co by telephone at 1-833-711-5527 ( in North America) or 1-289-695-3075 for banks, brokers, and callers outside North America or by email at assistance@investor.sodali.com. Nutrien AGM Circular 2026 71 Table of Contents Our Board Our Company Our Pay Our Shareholders Our Annual Meeting, Voting Information, Defined Terms, FAQs and Proxy Circular Reference Material Schedules PROXIES Persons making the solicitation This solicitation is made on behalf of management of the Corporation. In addition to soliciting proxies by this circular, directors, officers, employees and agents of the Corporation may solicit proxies personally, by telephone or by other means of communication. All costs of soliciting and preparing the notice and access notice, the notice of meeting, this circular and the proxy, as well as mailing the notice and access notice and the form of proxy or voting instruction forms will be paid by us. All applicable meeting related materials sent to beneficial holders will be indirectly forwarded to (beneficial) shareholders at the Corporation’s cost. Voting by proxy The persons named in the proxy are directors and/or executive officers of the Corporation. You have the right to appoint another person or company (who need not be a shareholder) to represent you at the meeting (third- party proxyholder). If you appoint a proxyholder, please make them aware that they must attend the meeting online for your vote to count. The following applies to shareholders who wish to appoint a proxyholder, including shareholders who wish to appoint themselves as proxyholder, to attend, participate and vote at the meeting online. Shareholders who wish to appoint a proxyholder to represent them at the meeting virtually MUST submit their form of proxy or voting instruction form (as applicable), appointing that proxyholder AND register that proxyholder online, as described below. Registering your proxyholder is an additional step to be completed AFTER you have submitted your form of proxy or voting instruction form. Failure to register the proxyholder will result in the proxyholder not receiving a username that will act as their online credentials and is required for them to vote at the meeting. STEP 1 | SUBMIT YOUR FORM OF PROXY OR VOTING INSTRUCTION FORM To appoint a proxyholder, insert such person’s name in the blank space provided in the form of proxy or voting instruction form and follow the instructions for submitting such proxy or voting instruction form. This must be completed prior to registering such proxyholder, which is an additional step to be completed once you have submitted your form of proxy or voting instruction form. STEP 2 | REGISTER YOUR PROXYHOLDER To register a proxyholder, shareholders must visit www.computershare.com/Nutrien by 1:30 p.m. (Central Standard Time) on May 4, 2026, or, if the meeting is adjourned or postponed, not less than 48 hours (excluding Saturdays, Sundays and holidays) before the time and date of the convened or reconvened meeting, as applicable, and provide Computershare with the required proxyholder contact information so that Computershare may provide the proxyholder with a username via email. Without a username, proxyholders will not be able to vote at the meeting and will only be able to participate as a guest virtually at the meeting online. If you are a (beneficial) shareholder and wish to vote at the meeting virtually, you have to insert your own name in the space provided on the voting instruction form sent to you by your intermediary and follow all of the applicable instructions provided by your intermediary AND register yourself as your proxyholder online, as described above. By doing so, you are instructing your intermediary to appoint you as proxyholder. It is important that you comply with the signature and return instructions provided by your intermediary. If you are a (beneficial) shareholder located in the United States and wish to vote at the meeting or, if permitted, appoint a third party as your proxyholder, you must obtain a valid legal proxy from your intermediary. Follow the instructions from your intermediary included with the legal proxy form and the voting information form sent to you, or contact your intermediary to request a legal proxy form or a legal proxy if you have not received one. After obtaining a valid legal proxy from your intermediary, you must then submit such legal proxy to Computershare by email at uslegalproxy@compuershare.com or by mail to: Computershare Investor Services Inc., Attention: Proxy Department, 100 University Avenue, 8th Floor, Toronto, Ontario, M5J 2Y1. Submissions must be labeled “Legal Proxy” and received no later than the voting deadline of 1:30 p.m. (Central Standard Time) on May 4, 2026, or, if the meeting is adjourned or postponed, by not less than 48 hours (excluding Saturdays, Sundays and holidays) before the time and date of the convened or reconvened meeting, as applicable. Requests for registration from shareholders located in the United States that wish to vote at the meeting virtually, or if permitted, appoint a third- party as their proxyholder MUST be made by visiting 72 Nutrien AGM Circular 2026 Table of Contents Our Board Our Company Our Pay Our Shareholders Our Annual Meeting, Voting Information, Defined Terms, FAQs and Proxy Circular Reference Material Schedules www.computershare.com/Nutrien by 1:30 p.m. (Central Standard Time) on May 4, 2026 or, if the meeting is adjourned or postponed, not less than 48 hours (excluding Saturdays, Sundays and holidays) before the time and date of the adjourned or postponed meeting, and provide Computershare the required proxyholder contact information so that Computershare may provide the proxyholder with a username via email no later than 1:30 p.m. (Central Standard Time) on May 4, 2026 so that Computershare may provide the holder of legal proxy a username via email that will act as their online credentials. Without a username the legal proxyholder will only be able to log in to the meeting virtually as a guest and will not be able to vote. Depositing proxies If you want to vote by proxy you must ensure that your proxy is deposited so that it arrives by 1:30 p.m. (Central Standard Time) on Monday, May 4, 2026 or, if the meeting is adjourned or postponed, by not less than 48 hours (excluding Saturdays, Sundays and holidays) before the time and date of the convened or reconvened meeting. The time limit for the deposit of proxies may be waived or extended by the chair of the meeting at his or her discretion, without notice, and the chair of the meeting is under no obligation to accept or reject any particular late proxy. The (beneficial) shareholders who do not object to their name being made known to the Corporation may be contacted by, Sodali & Co, our proxy solicitors to assist in conveniently voting their common shares directly by telephone. The Corporation may also utilize the Broadridge QuickVote ™ service to assist such shareholders with voting their common shares. Exercise of discretion by proxyholder The persons named in the proxy must vote FOR or AGAINST, or WITHHOLD from voting, in accordance with your instructions on the proxy. If you specify a choice with respect to any matter to be voted upon, your common shares will be voted accordingly. The persons named in the proxy have authority to vote in accordance with their discretion on any amendments or variations of the matters of business to be acted on at the meeting or any other matters properly brought before the meeting, to the extent permitted by law, whether or not the amendment, variation or other matter is routine and whether or not the amendment, variation or other matter is contested. As of the date of this circular, the Corporation does not know of any such amendment, variation or other matter. If you appoint the proxyholders named in the proxy, but do not tell them how you want to vote your common shares, your common shares will be voted: • FOR the election of each director nominee listed in this circular; • FOR of KPMG LLP, chartered accountants, as auditor of the Corporation; and • FOR the advisory vote on our approach to executive compensation. ABOUT | SHAREHOLDER ADVISORY AND PROXY SOLICITATION AGENT The Corporation has engaged Sodali & Co as its shareholder communications and proxy solicitation advisor to assist with shareholder engagement, proxy solicitation activities, and related advisory services in connection with the matters described in this Circular, pursuant to the terms of its engagement with the Corporation. Shareholders may contact Sodali & Co by telephone at 1-833-711-5527 ( in North America) or 1-289-695-3075 for banks, brokers, and callers outside North America or by email at assistance@investor.sodali.com. OTHER INFORMATION Additional information Financial and other information about the Corporation is available under Nutrien’s profile on SEDAR+ at www.sedarplus.ca and on EDGAR at www.sec.gov/edgar/ search. Certain information is also available on our website at www.nutrien.com. Financial information about the Corporation is provided in our audited consolidated annual financial statements and management’s discussion and analysis for the year ended December 31, 2025. In addition, any shareholder who would like to receive a copy of this circular, our 2025 annual report or our 2025 Modern Slavery Report may do so free of charge by contacting our registered head office at the following address: Nutrien Ltd. Suite 1700, 211- 19 th Street East Saskatoon, SK, Canada, S7K 5R6 Attention: Corporate Secretary Email: corporatesecretary@nutrien.com Any documents referred to in this circular, and any information or documents available on SEDAR+, EDGAR or any other website including our own, are not incorporated by reference into this circular unless otherwise specified. Nutrien AGM Circular 2026 73 Table of Contents Our Board Our Company Our Pay Our Shareholders Our Annual Meeting, Voting Information, Defined Terms, FAQs and Proxy Circular Reference Material Schedules VOTING INFORMATION – BUSINESS OF THE MEETING Election of Directors You will be asked to vote on electing 12 directors to the Board for a term ending at the next annual meeting. We have one nominee, Carolyn Tastad, to be elected for the first time at this annual meeting. The other 11 nominees were elected at the Corporation’s 2024 annual meeting and current director Julie A. Lagacy is not standing for . Shareholders can vote FOR or AGAINST each individual nominee. If there is only one nominee for each position available on the Board, a nominee will be elected only if the numbers of votes cast in the nominee’s favour represents a majority of the votes cast FOR and AGAINST them, subject to certain exceptions described below. If there are more nominees than positions available on the Board, the nominees receiving the highest number of votes FOR will be elected until all such positions have been filled. If a nominee that is an incumbent director does not receive a majority of votes in their favour and positions remain available on the Board, the nominee will be permitted to remain as a director until the earlier of the 90th day after the day of the election, and the day on which their successor is appointed or elected. In addition, elected directors may also reappoint such an incumbent director even if they do not receive majority support in the most recent election in certain instances specified in the Canada Business Corporations Act . See “Our Board” for information about our nominees. The Board unanimously recommends that shareholders vote FOR the election of each director nominee listed in this circular. Unless instructed otherwise, the persons named in the proxy will vote FOR the election of all of such directors. Pursuant to the Canada Business Corporations Act and our constating documents, our directors may appoint one or more additional directors to hold office for a term not later than the next annual meeting of shareholders, provided that the total number of additional directors so appointed does not exceed one third of the number of directors elected at the previous annual meeting of shareholders. Financial Statements Our 2025 audited consolidated financial statements and the auditor’s report on those financial statements will be placed before the meeting. As permitted by Canadian securities regulatory authorities and pursuant to exemptions from the sending of financial statements and proxy solicitation requirements granted by the Director of Corporations Canada, we are using notice and access to deliver our meeting materials, including this circular and our 2025 audited consolidated annual financial statements and the auditor’s report thereto. Instead of receiving a paper copy of the 2025 audited consolidated financial statements in the mail, you will receive a notice with instructions indicating how you can access those documents electronically, as well as how to request a paper copy. The 2025 audited consolidated financial statements and the auditor’s report on those financial statements are available on our website at www.nutrien.com/investors/ shareholder-information/ and under our profile on SEDAR+ at www.sedarplus.ca and on EDGAR at www.sec.gov/edgar/search. Shareholders may request to receive paper copies at no charge by following the instructions on the notice and access notice. of Auditor KPMG LLP has acted as Nutrien’s sole external auditor since the Corporation’s 2018 annual meeting of shareholders, prior to which time KPMG LLP and Deloitte LLP were dual auditors of the Corporation. The Board unanimously recommends that shareholders vote FOR the of KPMG LLP, Chartered Accountants, as our external auditor, to hold office until our next annual meeting. Unless instructed otherwise, the persons named in the proxy will vote FOR the of KPMG LLP. The of KPMG LLP as our external auditor was approved by over 99 percent of votes cast (there were 362,416,429 votes “FOR” and 1,455,292 votes “WITHHELD”) at the Corporation’s 2025 annual meeting of shareholders. Our for Audit and Services Policy specifies the scope of permitted services provided by our external auditor so that their independence is not compromised by other services. All audit and permitted services provided by our external auditor are by the Audit Committee and reviewed on a quarterly basis to determine whether these services affect our external auditor’s independence. All services performed by our auditor in 2025 complied with the Policy for Audit and Services, and professional standards and securities regulations governing auditor independence. 74 Nutrien AGM Circular 2026 Table of Contents Our Board Our Company Our Pay Our Shareholders Our Annual Meeting, Voting Information, Defined Terms, FAQs and Proxy Circular Reference Material Schedules The following table sets out the following fees for professional services billed by KPMG LLP: Year 2025 2024 (1) Category Audit Fees (2) $10,809,000 $9,877,400 Fees (3) $79,700 $73,700 Tax Fees (4) $70,600 $44,500 All Other Fees (5) $399,300 $226,400 Total $11,358,600 $10,222,000 Notes: 1 The comparative amounts have been restated to reflect fees billed in the 2024 fiscal year. 2 For professional services rendered by KPMG LLP for the integrated audit of the Corporation’s annual financial statements; interim review of the Corporation’s interim financial statements; audits of statutory financial statements of controlled subsidiaries; attestation reporting in accordance with US environmental agency requirements and consent orders; attestation reports over various Nutrien subsidiaries for the purpose of compliance with local laws and regulations; and work in connection with the renewal of the Corporation’s base shelf prospectus in 2024 and the Corporation’s prospectus supplements relating to the offering of senior notes in 2025 and 2024. 3 For professional services rendered by KPMG LLP for translation of the Corporation’s annual and quarterly reports in 2024, and in connection with an audit of the financial statements of an employee benefit plan. 4 For professional services rendered by KPMG LLP for assistance with preparation and review of tax filings and related tax compliance, assistance in responding to tax authorities, including reassessments and tax audits, routine tax planning and advice. 5 For professional services rendered by KPMG LLP for the preparation of subsidiary statutory financial statements; an assessment of the Corporation’s maturity level against a globally recognized framework and a readiness assessment for assurance over the Corporation’s report on cyber security key performance indicators; limited assurance over Nutrien Scope 1, Scope 2 and Scope 3 GHG emissions; and precondition readiness for Scope 1, Scope 2 and Scope 3 assurance; and general training on financial accounting and reporting or regulatory matters. Advisory Vote on Executive Compensation The Board governs executive compensation by means of carefully considered principles, programs and policies, and a rigorous compensation decision process. The Board believes it is essential for shareholders to be well informed of the Corporation’s approach to executive compensation and strives to communicate our approach in a manner that is easily understood by shareholders. The Board also believes in shareholder engagement and offers shareholders a advisory vote on executive compensation as part of the Corporation’s outreach strategy. This is reinforced by our “Say on Pay” and Shareholder Engagement Policy. Our approach to executive compensation was approved by over 91 percent of votes cast (there were 310,836,026 votes “FOR” and 28,683,944 votes “AGAINST”) at the Corporation’s 2025 annual meeting of shareholders. Accordingly, as part of our commitment to strong corporate governance, the Board has again determined to provide shareholders with the opportunity to vote FOR or AGAINST our approach to executive compensation through the following resolution: “RESOLVED, on an advisory basis and not to diminish the role and responsibilities of the Board of Directors, that the shareholders accept Nutrien’s approach to executive compensation as described in the Corporation’s management proxy circular for the annual meeting of shareholders of the Corporation scheduled to be held on May 6, 2026.” While the results of the vote are not binding on the Board, the Board will take the results into account when considering compensation policies, practices and decisions. If there is a significant proportion of votes against the “Say on Pay” resolution, the Board will take steps to better understand any shareholder concerns that might have influenced the voting. We have carefully reviewed our compensation benchmarking practices and relevant disclosures to identify and execute our approach to executive compensation. Nutrien AGM Circular 2026 75 Table of Contents Our Board Our Company Our Pay Our Shareholders Our Annual Meeting, Voting Information, Defined Terms, FAQs and Proxy Circular Reference Material Schedules The Board unanimously recommends that the shareholders vote FOR the approach to executive compensation described in this circular. Unless instructed otherwise, the persons named in the proxy will vote FOR the approach to executive compensation described in this circular. See “Our Shareholders” for more information about our “Say on Pay” and Shareholder Engagement Policy. Receiving meeting materials electronically shareholders are asked to consider signing up for electronic delivery (e-delivery) of the meeting materials. E-delivery has become a convenient way to make distribution of materials more efficient and is an environmentally responsible alternative by eliminating the use of printed paper and the carbon footprint of the associated mail delivery process. Signing up is quick and easy, go to www.proxyvote.com and sign in with your control number, vote for the resolutions at the meeting and following your vote confirmation, you will be able to select the electronic delivery box and provide an email address. Having registered for electronic delivery, going forward you will receive your meeting materials by email and will be able to vote on your device by simply following a link in the email sent by your financial intermediary, provided your intermediary supports this service. Currency All references to $, US$ or other dollar amounts are to U.S. dollars unless otherwise specified. All references to CAD$ are to Canadian dollars. Date of information The information contained in this circular is given as of March 18, 2026, unless otherwise specified. financial measures Please see “ financial measures advisory” for more information about these measures and why they are used. 76 Nutrien AGM Circular 2026 Table of Contents Our Board Our Company Our Pay Our Shareholders Our Annual Meeting, Voting Information, Defined Terms, FAQs and Proxy Circular Reference Material Schedules GENERAL INFORMATION Indebtedness of Directors, Officers and Employees None of the current or former executive officers, directors or employees of the Corporation or any of our subsidiaries is indebted to the Corporation or any of our subsidiaries, including by way of a guarantee, support agreement, letter of credit or similar arrangement or understanding between us or any of our subsidiaries and another entity. Interest of Informed Persons in Material Transactions We are not aware of any material interest, direct or indirect, of any “informed person” of the Corporation (as such term is defined under Canadian securities laws), any proposed director of the Corporation, or any associate or affiliate of any informed person or proposed director, in any transaction since the start of our most recently completed financial year or in any proposed transaction which has or would materially affect us or any of our subsidiaries. Advance Notice Shareholders who wish to nominate a director to the Board must notify the Corporate Secretary and provide the information required by the Corporation’s relating to advance notice of nominations of the directors of the Corporation (the Advance Notice ), which is available on our website at www.nutrien.com/about/ and under our corporate profile on SEDAR+ at www.sedarplus.ca. The Advance Notice sets deadlines of a prescribed number of days before a shareholders’ meeting for a shareholder to notify us of their intention to nominate one or more directors, and it explains the information that must be included with the notice for it to be valid. Any notices of director nominees must be received by our Corporate Secretary before 5:00 p.m. (Central Standard Time) on April 10, 2026 to be considered valid and for an individual to be included in our list of director nominees for the annual meeting. As of the date of this circular, Nutrien had not received any additional director nominations for the meeting. Legal Advisories IFRS advisory Unless otherwise stated in this circular or Nutrien’s 2025 Management’s Discussion and Analysis (MD&A) or Annual Information Form, the generally accepted accounting principles (“GAAP”) we use in the historical financial information relating to Nutrien for 2025 and 2024 presented and discussed in this circular is prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board. financial measures advisory Certain financial measures used in this circular, including “free cash flow”, “adjusted net debt”, “adjusted cash from operations ”, “Retail cash operating coverage ratio”, “cash selling, general and administrative expenses (Cash SG&A) (excluding Retail)”, and “Potash controllable cash cost of product manufactured (“COPM”) per tonne are financial measures or ratios. financial measures are financial measures disclosed by a company that (a) depict historical or expected future financial performance, financial position or cash flow of a company, (b) with respect to their compositions, exclude amounts that are included in, or include amounts that are excluded from, the composition of the most directly comparable financial measure disclosed in the primary financial statements of the company, (c) are not disclosed in the financial statements of the company, and (d) are not a ratio, fraction, percentage or similar representation. ratios are financial measures disclosed by a company that is in the form of a ratio, fraction, percentage or similar representation that has a financial measure as one or more of its components, and that are not disclosed in the financial statements of the company. These financial measures and ratios are not standardized financial measures under IFRS and, therefore, are unlikely to be comparable to similar financial measures presented by other companies. Management believes these financial measures and ratios provide transparent and useful supplemental information to help investors evaluate our financial performance, financial condition and liquidity using the same measures as management. These financial measures and ratios should not be considered as a substitute for, or superior to, measures of financial performance prepared in accordance with IFRS. The Board approves (on recommendation from the Audit Committee) our presentation of financial measures and ratios. The Audit Committee oversees our use of financial measures and ratios and reviews any adjustments proposed by management. The HR&C Committee may also be involved in the process to review any proposed adjustments to financial measures or ratios that are used Nutrien AGM Circular 2026 77 Table of Contents Our Board Our Company Our Pay Our Shareholders Our Annual Meeting, Voting Information, Defined Terms, FAQs and Proxy Circular Reference Material Schedules in measuring performance and executive compensation. Except as otherwise described herein, our financial measures and ratios are calculated on a consistent basis from period to period and are adjusted for specific items in each period, as applicable. As additional or unusual items arise, we generally exclude these items in our calculation. Additional information with respect to free cash flow, adjusted net debt, Retail cash operating coverage ratio, Potash controllable cash cost (“COPM”), including, among other things, disclosure of the additional purposes, if any, for which management uses each such financial measure and ratio, the reason for any change in the label or composition of each such financial measure and ratio from what was previously disclosed by Nutrien and a quantitative reconciliation of each financial measure to the most directly comparable IFRS measure, is contained under the heading “ financial measures” included in the 2025 MD&A, which information is incorporated by reference in this circular. The MD&A is available under our corporate profile on SEDAR+ at www.sedarplus.ca and EDGAR at www.sec.gov/edgar/search. Other financial measures advisory Supplementary financial measures are financial measures disclosed by the Corporation that: (a) are, or are intended to be, disclosed on a periodic basis to depict the historical or expected future financial performance, financial position or cash flow of the Corporation; (b) are not disclosed in the financial statements of the Corporation; (c) are not financial measures; and (d) are not ratios. Sustaining capital expenditures: Represents capital expenditures that are required to sustain operations at existing levels and include major repairs and maintenance and plant turnarounds. Investing capital expenditures: Represents capital expenditures related to significant expansions of current operations or to create cost savings (synergies). Investing capital expenditures excludes capital outlays for business acquisitions and investees. Mine development and capital expenditures: Represents capital expenditures that are required for activities to open new areas underground and/or develop a mine or ore body to allow for future production mining and activities required to prepare and/or access the ore (i.e., removal of an overburden that allows access to the ore). Capital management measures Capital management measures are financial measures disclosed by the Company that: (a) are intended to enable an individual to evaluate the Company’s objectives, policies and processes for managing the Company’s capital; (b) are not a component of a line item disclosed in the primary financial statements of the Company; (c) are disclosed in the notes of the financial statements of the Company; and (d) are not disclosed in the primary financial statements of the Company. The following section outlines our capital management measure, its composition and why management uses the measure. Adjusted net debt: The most directly comparable measure for adjusted net debt is total and debt and lease liabilities less cash and cash equivalents and is defined as the total of and debt plus lease liabilities less cash and cash equivalents and unamortized fair value adjustments. This measure is useful as it adjusts for the unamortized fair value adjustments that arose at the time of the Merger and is in nature. Additional information with respect to “adjusted net debt”, including, among other things, disclosure of the additional purposes, if any, for which management uses each such other financial measure, the reason for any change in the label or composition of each such other financial measure from what was previously disclosed by Nutrien and a quantitative reconciliation of each other financial measure to the most directly comparable IFRS measure, is contained under the heading “Other financial measures” included in the 2025 MD&A, which information is incorporated by reference in this circular. The MD&A is available under our corporate profile on SEDAR+ at www.sedarplus.ca and EDGAR at www.sec.gov/edgar/search. 78 Nutrien AGM Circular 2026 Table of Contents Our Board Our Company Our Pay Our Shareholders Our Annual Meeting, Voting Information, Defined Terms, FAQs and Proxy Circular Reference Material Schedules The following section outlines the additional financial measures and ratios used in this circular, their definitions, and why management uses each measure. It also includes reconciliations to the most directly comparable IFRS measures. Adjusted cash from operations Most directly comparable IFRS financial measure: Cash provided by (used in) operating activities. Definition: Adjusted cash from operations is calculated as cash provided by operating activities. We adjust for other cash income and expenses (net of tax) that are excluded when management evaluates the cash flows of our operations including restructuring costs. Why we use the measure and why it is useful to investors: This measures our ability to generate cash from our operations excluding the effects of certain items. We used this as a performance metric for corporate performance for annual incentive. (millions of US dollars) Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2025 Cash provided by operating activities 4,007 Adjustments Adjusted cash from operations 3,981 Cash selling, general and administrative expenses (“Cash SG&A”) (excluding retail) Most directly comparable IFRS financial measure: Selling expenses and general and administrative expenses. Definition: Cash SG&A (excluding Retail) is calculated as selling expenses plus general and administrative expenses less Retail selling, general and administrative expenses and selling, general and administrative depreciation and amortization related to our Potash, Nitrogen, Phosphate and Corporate and Others segments. Why we use the measure and why it is useful to investors: This represents the overhead costs to support our operations excluding Retail and serves to focus executives on ensuring continued cost control to support the Corporation. We used this as a performance metric for corporate performance for annual incentive calculation purposes. (millions of US dollars) Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2025 Selling expenses 3,320 General and administrative expenses 600 Less: Retail selling expenses (3,306 ) Retail general and administrative expenses (172 ) Depreciation and amortization (1) (80 ) Plus: Other Adjustments 236 Cash selling, general and administrative expenses (excluding Retail) 598 Notes: 1 Depreciation and amortization recorded within selling expenses and general and administrative expenses related to the Potash, Nitrogen, Phosphate and Corporate & Others segment. Nutrien AGM Circular 2026 79 Table of Contents Our Board Our Company Our Pay Our Shareholders Our Annual Meeting, Voting Information, Defined Terms, FAQs and Proxy Circular Reference Material Schedules Statements Advisory Certain statements and other information included in this circular constitute “ information” or “ statements” (collectively, statements) under applicable securities laws (such statements are often accompanied by words such as “anticipate”, “forecast”, “expect”, “believe”, “may”, “will”, “should”, “estimate”, “intend” or other similar words). All statements in this circular, other than those relating to historical information or current conditions, are forward- looking statements, including, but not limited to: the date of the meeting; our vision and strategy; our expectations respecting performance of our business; our plans and expectations respecting our Board and senior leadership structure; our plans and expectations respecting our corporate governance policies and practices, including those in respect of our safety strategy and inclusion initiatives; and our plans and expectations respecting our compensation- related plans and focus for 2026 and beyond. These statements are subject to a number of assumptions, risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond our control, which could cause actual results to differ materially from such statements. As such, undue reliance should not be placed on these statements. All of the statements are qualified by the assumptions that are stated or inherent in such statements, including the assumptions referred to below and elsewhere in this document. Although we believe that these assumptions are reasonable, having regard to our experience and our perception of historical trends, the assumptions set forth below are not exhaustive of the factors that may affect any of the statements and the reader should not place undue reliance on these assumptions and such statements. Current conditions, economic and otherwise, render assumptions, although reasonable when made, subject to greater uncertainty. Material assumptions include assumptions about the following: assumptions with respect to our ability to successfully complete, integrate and realize the anticipated benefits of our already completed and future acquisitions and divestitures, and that we will be able to implement our standards, controls, procedures and policies in respect of any acquired businesses and realize the expected synergies; that future business, regulatory and industry conditions will be within the parameters expected by us, including with respect to prices, margins, demand, supply, product availability, supplier agreements, availability and cost of labour and interest, exchange, inflation and effective tax rates; assumptions with respect to global economic conditions and the accuracy of our market outlook expectations for 2026 and in the future; the adequacy of our cash generated from operations and our ability to access our credit facilities or capital markets for additional sources of financing; our ability to identify suitable candidates for acquisitions and divestitures and negotiate acceptable terms; our ability to maintain ratings and achieve our performance targets; our ability to successfully negotiate sales contracts; our ability to successfully implement new initiatives and programs; our ability to otherwise implement all technology necessary to achieve our greenhouse gas emissions reduction and other sustainability and climate- related initiatives and targets; and the development, availability and performance of technology and technological innovations and associated expected future results. Events or circumstances could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the statements. The key risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the statements include the risks and uncertainties set forth in our Annual Information Form for the year ended December 31, 2025 and in our filings with the SEC and the Canadian provincial securities commissions. We disclaim any intention or obligation to update or revise any statements in this circular as a result of new information or future events, except as may be required under applicable Canadian securities legislation or applicable U.S. federal securities laws. Directors’ Approval The directors have approved the contents and mailing of this circular. BY ORDER OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS Noralee Bradley Executive Vice President, External Affairs, Chief Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary March 18, 2026 80 Nutrien AGM Circular 2026 Table of Contents Our Board Our Company Our Pay Our Shareholders Our Annual Meeting, Voting Information, Defined Terms, FAQs and Proxy Circular Reference Material Schedules SCHEDULE A – SUMMARY OF NUTRIEN INCENTIVE PLANS Nutrien stock option plan This section presents prescribed disclosure concerning the Stock Option Plan as required under Form 51-102F5— Information Circular and TSX Company Manual Section 613— Compensation Arrangements. The Stock Option Plan was implemented by the Board on January 1, 2018 and approved by shareholders at the 2018 annual meeting. The Stock Option Plan is a compensation arrangement providing for the issuance of common shares from treasury of the Corporation for the purposes of the rules of the TSX. Description of Stock Option Plan Eligibility Granted at the discretion of the HR&C Committee, subject to the specific provisions of the Stock Option Plan, the Corporate Governance Framework and the Corporation’s HR&C Committee Charter. An eligible participant is any current officer or employee of the Corporation or its affiliates who is eligible to receive stock options under the Stock Option Plan. directors of the Corporation are not eligible to participate. Number of Securities Issuable and Issued as at December 31, 2025 As at December 31, 2025, there were 481,962,233 outstanding common shares of Nutrien. As at December 31, 2025: • Plan Fixed Maximum – the plan fixed maximum under the Stock Option Plan is 19,750,000 common shares, representing 4.10% of the common shares outstanding; • Total Stock Options Exercised Since Stock Option Plan Inception – 5,394,820 common shares have been issued under the Stock Option Plan since its inception; • Number of Common Shares Underlying Outstanding Awards under the Stock Option Plan – 2,244,056 common shares are issuable on exercise of stock options that have been granted and remain outstanding under the Stock Option Plan, representing 0.47% of the common shares outstanding; and • Number of Common Shares Underlying Outstanding Awards under the Stock Option Plan Available for Future Grants – the total number of common shares that are reserved for issuance upon the exercise of stock options and that remain available for future stock option grants under the Stock Option Plan is 12,111,124 common shares, representing 2.51% of the common shares outstanding. Common shares underlying stock options that are not exercised are available for future stock option grants. Common shares underlying stock options that are exercised are not available for future stock option grants and the plan reserve declines by the number of common shares underlying the stock options. Burn Rates For information about historical burn rates see page 59. Insider Participation Limits No stock options shall be granted to any participant if such grant, together with any other previously- established compensation arrangement of the Corporation, could result in: • The number of common shares issuable to insiders at any time pursuant to stock options and any other compensation arrangements exceeding 10% of the issued and outstanding common shares; or • The issuance to insiders, within a period, of a number of common shares exceeding 10% of the issued and outstanding common shares. Exercise Price and Fair Market Value The exercise price of any stock option shall in no circumstances be lower than the fair market value of the common shares on the date on which the stock option is granted. Fair market value is based on the average trading price of the common shares on the NYSE on the business day immediately preceding such date. Vesting Stock options generally vest 25% on the first, second, third and fourth anniversaries of the date of grant. Nutrien AGM Circular 2026 81 Table of Contents Our Board Our Company Our Pay Our Shareholders Our Annual Meeting, Voting Information, Defined Terms, FAQs and Proxy Circular Reference Material Schedules Exercise Period and Term Stock options are generally exercisable once they are vested until the end of their scheduled expiry date. Stock options will generally have a scheduled expiry date of 10 years from the date of grant of the stock option. In no event will a stock option have a scheduled expiry date of later than 10 years from the date of the grant. Settlement Stock options may be settled by cash settlement or, if approved by the Corporation, by a “cashless exercise” or a “net exercise” arrangement. Circumstances Involving Cessation of Entitlement to Participate in Stock Option Plan Retirement Stock options credited to the participant in the years before retirement continue to vest in accordance with their terms and must be exercised by the earlier of their scheduled expiry date and the end of the calendar month in which the fifth anniversary of the date of retirement occurs. Stock options credited to the participant in the year of retirement, prorated to reflect the period between the start of the year of retirement and the month of retirement, continue to vest in accordance with their terms and must be exercised by the earlier of their scheduled expiry date and the end of the calendar month in which the fifth anniversary of the date of retirement occurs. Resignation without Good Reason Stock options credited to the participant that are unvested as of the termination date automatically terminate and are forfeited. Stock options credited to the participant that are vested as of the termination date must be exercised by the earlier of their scheduled expiry date and the end of the third calendar month following the termination date. Termination without Cause or Resignation for Good Reason—No Change in Control Involved Stock options credited to the participant as of the termination date that are unvested continue to vest until the earlier of their expiry date and the severance date, and must be exercised by the end of the third calendar month following the severance date. Change in Control Stock options do not vest on a change in control unless: • The successor company fails to continue or substitute the stock options; or • The participant is terminated without cause or resigns for good reason within two years following the change in control. Vested stock options must be exercised by their expiry date. The HR&C Committee has the authority, in connection with a change in control, to accelerate vesting. Termination with Cause Stock options, vested or unvested, automatically terminate and are forfeited. 82 Nutrien AGM Circular 2026 Table of Contents Our Board Our Company Our Pay Our Shareholders Our Annual Meeting, Voting Information, Defined Terms, FAQs and Proxy Circular Reference Material Schedules Other Elements of Stock Option Plan Assignability Stock options are and except as follows: .S. taxpayers may transfer a stock option to i) a spouse, ii) a trustee acting on behalf of the participant, iii) a corporation, partnership or trust controlled by the participant or by their immediate family, iv) a legal representative controlled by the participant or their spouse, or v) registered retirement vehicles of the participant. Financial Assistance The Corporation does not provide financial assistance to plan participants in connection with the Stock Option Plan. Recoupment Stock options may be subject to recoupment or clawback under the Supplemental Recoupment Policy. Adjustments The Stock Option Plan includes adjustment provisions. Trading Blackout Where a stock option expires during, or within 10 business days after a trading blackout period imposed by the Corporation, then the stock option shall expire 10 days after the blackout period is lifted. Amending Provisions Subject to the restrictions below, the HR&C Committee may amend, suspend, or discontinue the Stock Option Plan, and amend or discontinue any stock options granted under the Stock Option Plan, at any time, provided that no such amendment may materially and adversely affect any previously granted stock option without the consent of the participant, except to the extent required by applicable law. Without limiting the foregoing, the HR&C Committee can amend the Stock Option Plan, and the terms of any stock option granted under the Stock Option Plan, without obtaining shareholder approval, to: • Amend the vesting provisions in circumstances involving the death, disability, retirement or termination of participants • Amend the provisions relating to a change in control; • Amend the termination provisions (other than with respect to matters requiring shareholder approval as described below); • Amend the eligibility requirements of eligible participants which would have the potential of broadening insider participation (other than to include directors as eligible participants that would require shareholder approval, as described below) • Add any form of financial assistance Amend a financial assistance provision which is more favorable to eligible participants • Make other amendments of a housekeeping nature. Shareholder approval is required to amend the Stock Option Plan to: • Reduce the exercise price or cancel and reissue stock options or other entitlements so as to, in effect, reduce the exercise price • Change the manner of determining the exercise price so that the exercise price is less than the fair market value on the grant date • Extend the term of a stock option beyond its original expiry date (except as may be imposed by a trading blackout) • Increase the fixed maximum number of common shares reserved for issuance (including to change from a fixed maximum number of shares to a fixed maximum percentage of shares) • Revise the insider participation limits • Permit stock options to be transferred or assigned other than in accordance with the existing provisions • Include directors as eligible participants • Amend the amending provisions. Nutrien AGM Circular 2026 83 Table of Contents Our Board Our Company Our Pay Our Shareholders Our Annual Meeting, Voting Information, Defined Terms, FAQs and Proxy Circular Reference Material Schedules Nutrien PSU/RSU plan The PSU/RSU Plan was implemented by the Board, effective January 1, 2018 to provide for awards of PSUs and RSUs of Nutrien. The following provisions apply in the event that the participant ceases to be entitled to participate in the PSU/ RSU Plan. Circumstances Involving Cessation of Entitlement to Participate – PSUs Retirement PSUs credited to the participant in the years before retirement continue to vest and are settled and paid in cash at the end of the applicable performance period(s), based on actual achievement of the applicable performance metric for each performance period. PSUs credited to the participant in the year of retirement, prorated to reflect the period between the start of the year of retirement and the month of retirement, continue to vest and are settled and paid in cash at the end of the applicable performance period(s), based on actual achievement of the applicable performance metric for each performance period. Termination without Cause or Resignation for Good Reason – No Change in Control Involved PSUs credited to the participant on the termination date, prorated to reflect the period between the start of the applicable performance period(s) and the month of the severance date, continue to vest and are settled and paid in cash at the end of the applicable performance period(s), based on actual achievement of the applicable performance metric for each performance period. Change in Control PSUs do not vest on a change in control unless: • The successor company fails to continue or substitute the PSUs, in which case the participant is entitled to receive a cash payment equal to the fair market value of the vested PSUs held by the participant in their account as of the date of the change in control; or • The participant is terminated without cause or resigns for good reason within two years of the change in control, in which case the participant is entitled to receive a cash payment equal to the fair market value of the vested PSUs held by the participant in their account as of the termination date. The date of the change in control or the termination date (as applicable) is the measurement date for purposes of calculating performance. In each case, vested PSUs are settled and paid in cash at the greater of target and actual achievement. The HR&C Committee has the authority, in connection with a change in control, to accelerate vesting and settlement. Circumstances Involving Cessation of Entitlement to Participate – RSUs Retirement RSUs credited to the participant in the years before retirement continue to vest and are settled and paid in cash at the end of the applicable restricted period(s). RSUs credited to the participant in the year of retirement, prorated to reflect the period between the start of the year of retirement and the month of retirement, continue to vest and are settled and paid in cash at the end of the applicable restricted period(s). Termination without Cause or Resignation for Good Reason—No Change in Control Involved RSUs credited to the participant on the termination date, prorated to reflect the period between the start of the applicable restricted period(s) and the month of the severance date, continue to vest and are settled and paid in cash at the end of the applicable restricted period(s). Change in Control RSUs do not vest on a change in control unless: • The successor company fails to continue or substitute the RSUs, in which case the participant is entitled to receive a cash payment equal to the fair market value of the vested RSUs held by the participant in his or her account as of the date of the change in control; or • The participant is terminated without cause or resigns for good reason within two years of the change in control, in which case the participant is entitled to receive a cash payment equal to the fair market value of the vested RSUs held by the participant in his or her account as of the termination date. The HR&C Committee has the authority, in connection with a change in control, to accelerate vesting and settlement. 84 Nutrien AGM Circular 2026 Table of Contents Our Board Our Company Our Pay Our Shareholders Our Annual Meeting, Voting Information, Defined Terms, FAQs and Proxy Circular Reference Material Schedules SCHEDULE B – SUMMARY OF AGRIUM LEGACY INCENTIVE PLANS Effective as of the closing of the merger, the Corporation assumed the Legacy Incentive Plans of Agrium and the outstanding awards issued under the Legacy Incentive Plans. The following information relates to the Agrium Legacy Incentive Plans. Agrium Legacy Stock Option / TSAR Plan This section presents prescribed disclosure concerning Agrium’s Amended and Restated Stock Option / Tandem Stock Appreciation Rights (TSAR) Plan (the Agrium Legacy Stock Option Plan) as required under Form 51-102F5 — Information Circular and TSX Company Manual Section 613 — Compensation Arrangements. The Agrium Legacy Stock Option Plan is Agrium’s only compensation arrangement for purposes of the rules of the TSX. No further awards may be issued under the Agrium Legacy Stock Option Plan. Legacy awards will continue to vest and be exercised or settled until all stock options are exercised, expire or are terminated in accordance with their terms (the last expiry date is in 2027), following which the Agrium Legacy Stock Option Plan will be terminated. The following information is given as of December 31, 2025. Outstanding awards denominated in Agrium common shares have been converted to Nutrien common shares (with corresponding adjustments to the exercise prices) using an exchange ratio of 2.23 Nutrien common shares for every one Agrium common share. Description of Agrium Legacy Stock Option Plan Eligibility Granted at the discretion of the Board. Eligible participants include: • For stock options granted on or before December 31, 2014, any officer or employee; • For stock options granted on and after January 1, 2015, executive officers; and • For stock options granted on and after January 1, 2016, executive officers or certain other members of senior leadership. directors are not eligible. No stock options are held by directors. Number of Securities Issuable and Issued as at December 31, 2025 As at December 31, 2025, there were 481,962,233 outstanding common shares of Nutrien. As at December 31, 2025: • Plan Fixed Maximum – the total fixed maximum number of common shares issuable under the Agrium Legacy Stock Option Plan, including common shares that have been issued upon the exercise of stock options since inception of the Agrium Legacy Stock Option Plan, when combined with any other compensation arrangement of the corporation, is 41,590,894 common shares, representing 8.63% of the common shares outstanding; • Total Stock Options Exercised Since Plan Inception – a total of 29,323,575 stock options have been exercised under the Agrium Legacy Stock Option Plan since its inception in 1994, representing 6.08% of the common shares outstanding; • Number of Common Shares Underlying Outstanding Stock Options – the total number of common shares issuable on the exercise of actual stock options that have been granted and remain outstanding under the Agrium Legacy Stock Option Plan is 96,900 common shares, representing in the aggregate 0.02% of the common shares outstanding; and • Number of Common Shares Available for Future Grants – the total number of common shares that remain available for future stock option grants is nil. Common shares underlying stock options that are not exercised or that are terminated on the exercise of TSARs are not available for future stock option grants. In 2025, no stock options were granted. Nutrien AGM Circular 2026 85 Table of Contents Our Board Our Company Our Pay Our Shareholders Our Annual Meeting, Voting Information, Defined Terms, FAQs and Proxy Circular Reference Material Schedules Insider Participation Limits The maximum number of common shares in respect of which stock options have been granted to any one optionee pursuant to any compensation arrangement of the corporation and which remain outstanding shall not exceed 5% of the outstanding common shares as at the date of the grant of the stock option. The maximum number of common shares which are issuable to insiders at any time pursuant to any compensation arrangement of the corporation shall not exceed 10% of the common shares as at the date of the grant of the stock option. The maximum number of common shares which may be issued to insiders within a period pursuant to any compensation arrangement of the corporation shall not exceed 10% of the outstanding common shares as at the date of the grant of the stock option. The maximum number of common shares which may be issued to any one insider within a period pursuant to any compensation arrangement of the corporation shall not exceed 5% of the outstanding common shares as at the date of the grant of the stock option. Exercise Price The Board can determine the exercise price. Where not determined, the exercise price will be the closing price on the NYSE in U.S. dollars on the last day preceding the date of grant. In no circumstance may the exercise price be lower than the market price of the common shares on the date of the grant of the stock options. Vesting Unless otherwise determined by the Board at the time of grant, stock options vest 25% on the first, second, third and fourth anniversaries of the date of grant. Exercise Period and Term Stock options are generally exercisable once they are vested until the end of their scheduled expiry date. Stock options will generally have a scheduled expiry date of 10 years from the date of grant of the stock option. In no event will a stock option have a scheduled expiry date of later than 10 years from the date of the grant. Calculating Market Appreciation of TSARs Stock options granted on or before December 31, 2014 may be granted with TSARs. The ability to grant TSARs with stock options was eliminated, effective January 1, 2015. Where TSARs are exercised by the optionee, a cash amount (less withholdings) is payable to the optionee equal to the appreciation in value of the underlying common shares between the day of grant and the day of exercise. The amount payable on exercise of a TSAR is different for .S. and U.S. taxpayers. For .S. taxpayers, the amount payable is the highest price on the day of exercise. For U.S. taxpayers, the amount payable is the closing price on the day of exercise. On exercise of a TSAR, the related option is cancelled. Ability to Transform Stock Options to SARs Stock options may not be transformed by the corporation into TSARs involving the issuance of securities from treasury. Circumstances Involving Cessation of Entitlement to Participate - for Stock Options Granted on or Before December 31, 2012 Mandatory Retirement Before Age 65 Stock options continue to vest in accordance with their terms and must be exercised by the earlier of the expiry date and four years following the date of mandatory retirement. Retirement Age 60 or Older Stock options continue to vest in accordance with their terms and must be exercised by their expiry date. Retirement Age 55 to 59 (with 20 years’ service) Stock options continue to vest in accordance with their terms and must be exercised by the earlier of the expiry date and four years following the date of retirement. Retirement Age 55 to 59 (without 20 years’ service) Stock options continue to vest for 60 days in accordance with their terms and must be exercised by the earlier of the expiry date and four years following the date of retirement. Resignation without Good Reason Stock options continue to vest for 60 days following the date of resignation in accordance with their terms and must be exercised by the earlier of the expiry date and 60 days following the date of resignation. Termination without Cause (Including Constructive Dismissal) - Not Involving a Change in Control Stock options vest on the date of termination in accordance with their terms and must be exercised by the earlier of the expiry date and following the severance date. 86 Nutrien AGM Circular 2026 Table of Contents Our Board Our Company Our Pay Our Shareholders Our Annual Meeting, Voting Information, Defined Terms, FAQs and Proxy Circular Reference Material Schedules Change in Control Stock options vest at the time of the change in control and must be exercised by the earlier of the expiry date and any expiry date set by a resolution of the board. However, all stock options granted on or before December 31, 2012 had already vested prior to the merger. Termination with Cause or any Other Termination, other than upon a Change in Control Unvested stock options continue to vest for 60 days following termination in accordance with their terms and must be exercised by the earlier of the expiry date and 60 days following the date of termination. Circumstances Involving Cessation of Entitlement to Participate—for Stock Options Granted on or After January 1, 2013 Retirement Age 60 or Older Stock options continue to vest in accordance with their terms and must be exercised by their expiry date. Retirement Age 55 to 59 Unvested stock options as of the date of retirement are forfeited. Vested options must be exercised by the earlier of the expiry date and five years following the date of

[truncated]