.1 2 d38432dex991.htm .1 .1 Exhibit 99.1 News Release NYSE, TSX: NTR December 10, 2025 Nutrien Completes Sale of Equity Position in Profertil S.A. SASKATOON, Saskatchewan – Nutrien Ltd. (TSX and NYSE: NTR) announced today that it has completed the sale of its 50 percent equity position in nitrogen producer Profertil S.A. (Profertil) to Adecoagro S.A. and Asociacion de Cooperativas Argentinas Coop Ltda through a joint acquisition. Total proceeds from the sale on a basis are approximately US$600 million. “Closing the sale of our equity stake in Profertil demonstrates continued progress towards simplifying our portfolio, enhancing earnings quality, and improving cash conversion,” said Ken Seitz, Nutrien’s President and CEO. “We intend to allocate the proceeds towards capital allocation priorities that support our ability to grow free cash flow per share over the long term, including targeted growth investments, share repurchases and debt reduction.” With the completion of the Profertil sale, Nutrien has generated approximately US$900 million in gross proceeds from asset divestitures since the fourth quarter of 2024. About Nutrien Nutrien is a leading global provider of crop inputs and services. We operate a network of production, distribution and ag retail facilities that positions us to efficiently serve the needs of growers. We focus on creating value by prioritizing investments that strengthen the advantages of our business across the ag value chain and by maintaining access to the resources and the relationships with stakeholders needed to achieve our goals. Statements This news release contains certain statements and information (collectively “ statements”) within the meaning of applicable securities laws (such statements are often accompanied by words such as “continue”, “expect”, “will” “target”, “intend” or other similar words). All statements in this document, other than those relating to historical information or current conditions, are statements, including, but not limited to, expectations regarding our capital allocation intentions and strategies, and our divestment of assets and the anticipated benefits and proceeds resulting from same. These statements are subject to a number of assumptions, risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond our control, which could cause actual results to differ materially from such statements. All of the statements are qualified by the assumptions that are stated or inherent in such statements, including the assumptions referred to below and elsewhere in this release. Current conditions, economic and otherwise, render assumptions, although reasonable when made, subject to greater uncertainty. The additional key assumptions that have been made include, among other things, assumptions with respect to general economic conditions, including prevailing commodity prices and interest rates; and the other assumptions detailed from time to time in Nutrien reports filed with the Canadian securities regulators and the Securities and Exchange Commission in the United States. Although Nutrien believes the expectations and material factors and assumptions reflected in the information herein are reasonable as of the date hereof, there can be no assurance that these expectations, factors and assumptions will prove to be correct, and as such, readers should not place an undue reliance on these statements. The information is not a guarantee of future performance and is subject to a number of known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual events or results to differ materially, including, but not limited to, the risk factors detailed from time to time in Nutrien reports filed with the Canadian securities regulators and the Securities and Exchange Commission in the United States. The statements in this news release are made as of the date hereof and Nutrien disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any statements in this news release as a result of new information or future events, except as may be required under applicable securities laws. FOR FURTHER INFORMATION: Investor Contact Jeff Holzman Senior Vice President, Investor Relations and FP&A (306) 933 8545 – investors@nutrien.com Media Contact Simon Scott Vice President, Global Communications (403) 225 7213 – media@nutrien.com Contact us at: www.nutrien.com 2