ASSA ABLOY sees signs of turnaround in residential market | Security Skip to Content Advertise Events Videos Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Youtube Search Subscribe Log In Menu Commercial Monitoring Residential Suppliers Cybersecurity General News Also Noted SSN+ View All Viewpoints On The Editor's Desk Specifically Speaking Women in Security RESOURCES About Us Our Team Contact Us Media Kit Webcasts Subscribe Webcasts Microphone Icon Webcasts Events Events Events Videos Video Icon Videos Podcasts Podcast Icon Podcasts Home Article ASSA ABLOY sees signs of turnaround in residential market ASSA ABLOY sees signs of turnaround in residential market ASSA ABLOY sees signs of turnaround in residential market ‘We definitely believe that the residential market has bottomed out’ Residential By Ken Showers Updated 4:35 AM CST, Fri February 13, 2026 STOCKHOLM — The worst may be over for the residential market, said ASSA ABLOY CEO Nico Delvaux during a recent earnings call. “We definitely believe that the residential market has bottomed out and that, from here, we will start to see some recovery,” CEO Nico Delvaux told investors, pointing to early signs of improvement in select markets. The company’s fourth quarter and full-year results were strong overall, but familiar trends persisted: continued momentum in the commercial segment across major markets, offset by ongoing weakness in residential, particularly in the United States, where high interest rates and economic uncertainty continue to weigh on demand. Two markets, however, are beginning to show signs of recovery. Sweden and New Zealand, both of which began cutting interest rates earlier than other regions, posted improvements in residential activity. “In New Zealand, we see a good recovery both in new build and in R&R (remove and replace),” Delvaux said. “In Sweden, we see that recovery mainly on the R&R side, not on the new-build side. Those are the two markets that started cutting interest rates first.” By contrast, recovery in other regions may take longer. Delvaux said Europe (particularly countries tied to the European Central Bank), and the United States have yet to see similar improvement. In the U.S., mortgage rates remain around 6%, while roughly 72% of mortgage holders have rates below 5%, limiting mobility and new construction activity. Still, Delvaux highlighted a structural factor that could eventually drive stronger replacement demand in the U.S.: more than 55% of homes are now more than 40 years old. While elevated rates make a near-term rebound unlikely, he said the aging housing stock should support increased R&R activity over time, reinforcing the company’s view that the market has reached its floor. By the numbers Net sales totaled SEK 38,307 M (39,575), with organic growth of 4% (0) and acquired net growth of 3%. Exchange rates affected sales by –10%. Organic sales growth was strong in Global Technologies and Americas. EMEIA and Entrance Systems had good organic sales growth while organic sales declined in Asia Pacific. Seven acquisitions with combined annual sales of about SEK 1,200 M were completed in the quarter (23 for the year). Operating income (EBITA) totaled SEK 6,869 M (6,898) with an operating margin of 17.9% (17.4). Operating income (EBIT) decreased by 1% to SEK 6,448 M (6,529), with an operating margin of 16.8% (16.5). Net income amounted to SEK 4,281 M (4,214). Earnings per share amounted to SEK 3.85 (3.81). Operating cash flow amounted to SEK 7,815 M (8,010). The board of directors proposes a dividend of SEK 6.40 (5.90) per share for 2025, to be distributed in two equal installments. Assa Abloy , Earnings Call , Fourth Quarter (Q4) , interest rates , Nico Delvaux , Residential Comments To comment on this post, please log in to your account or set up an account now. Close Remote Captcha 2582 Remote Captcha 8099 Remote Captcha 2773 Comment Reply Need the Latest Security News in the Industry? Want to always have the latest security news in the industry right in your inbox? Click the button below to subscribe. Subscribe Now Sponsored Stories Hybrid Cloud and On-Prem in Banking & Credit Unions: Staying Connected Without Compromise By Nikki Williams, Marketing Director at ICT Control Where You Couldn’t Before with PDK Red™ Locksets By Maren Smith, PDK Marketing Communications Manager Ending the Era of False Alarms By Digital Monitoring Products Dominate the Market—Take Over Legacy Panels, Improve Customer Loyalty and Increase Profitability By Digital Monitoring Products Categories Recent Archives Commercial Monitoring Residential Suppliers Cybersecurity General News Also Noted On The Editor's Desk Specifically Speaking 20 Under 40 Emerging Leaders Under 40 Fire Systems Installation News and Notes Women in Security This Blog's on Fire (And Other Stuff) Knox Lane investment fuels SAGE growth Experts: Operational simplicity can help address labor shortage challenges In brief: Pye-Barker acquires Union, i-PRO celebrates independence, SIA honors 25 The visibility advantage COPS Monitoring promotes Dream Rovira to site manager of Florida operations Fortinet, Aramco partner on industrial cybersecurity initiatives in Saudi Arabia BAYCOM celebrates 70 years serving public safety agencies uRISQ launches cybersecurity awareness campaign aimed at SMBs Z-Wave Alliance highlights smart fire safety solutions during Fire Prevention Week Securitas Technology acquires Sonitrol El Paso October 2026 September 2026 August 2026 July 2026 June 2026 May 2026 April 2026 March 2026 February 2026 January 2026 December 2025 November 2025 October 2025 September 2025 August 2025 July 2025 June 2025 May 2025 April 2025 March 2025 February 2025 January 2025 December 2024 November 2024 View all Archives Related Articles In brief: NVIDIA secures agents, Mercury reveals gap, ZeroEyes enters UK SANTA CLARA, Calif.—NVIDIA has unveiled the NVIDIA Open Agent Safety Platform, designed to help organizations govern and control autonomous artificial intelligence (AI) agents as enterprises increasingly deploy agentic AI across business operations, critical infrastructure... Read Article Gallagher, ASSA ABLOY launch IP lock integration for access control CANTON, Ga.—Gallagher Security has launched a new integration with ASSA ABLOY designed to simplify access control deployments by enabling IP-connected locks to operate directly within Gallagher’s Command Centre platform. The integration is intended to reduce the... Read Article Gunnebo to sell Entrance Control business to ASSA ABLOY GOTHENBURG, Sweden—Gunnebo Group has reached an agreement to sell its Gunnebo Entrance Control business unit to ASSA ABLOY, a move that will make the Sweden-based security company a pure-play safe storage provider. The transaction is expected to close in the fourth quarter... Read Article Privacy Policy | Sitemap | Terms & Conditions | Web Accessibility Guidelines Cookie Preferences | Do Not Sell My Personal Information © 2026 Security Systems News. All rights reserved. Web solutions provided by VGM Forbin About Us Our Team Contact Us Media Kit Advertise Privacy Policy | Sitemap | Terms & Conditions | Web Accessibility Guidelines Cookie Preferences | Do Not Sell My Personal Information © 2026 Security Systems News. All rights reserved. Web solutions provided by VGM Forbin Aa Aa Aa Close Commercial Monitoring Residential Suppliers Cybersecurity General News Also Noted Viewpoints On The Editor's Desk Specifically Speaking Women in Security About Us Our Team Contact Us Media Kit Webcasts Subscribe Privacy Policy Resources SSN+ Webcasts Microphone Icon Webcasts Events Events Events Videos Video Icon Videos Podcasts Video Icon Podcasts Subscribe Now Remote Captcha 6195 Remote Captcha 3995 Remote Captcha 9473 * - Indicates required fields First Name * Last Name * Company Display Name * This will be used when commenting on articles. Email * Password * Password Requirements At least 8 characters At least one capital letter At least one lowercase letter At least one number At least one special character ( ! @ # $ % ^ & % * ? _ ~ ) I agree to this site's terms and conditions X Dismiss