JD Logistics soars in Hong Kong debut, extending the empire of ‘China’s Amazon’ Über uns Warum Cathay Ziele & Werte Team Cathay Gruppe Private Equity Venture Capital Cathay Health Ökosystem Portfolio Partner Dienstleistungen Fallstudien Verantwortung Nachhaltigkeit Stiftung Perpetual Purpose Fund Aktuelles Kontakt Sprache: Über uns Warum Cathay Ziele & Werte Team Cathay Gruppe Private Equity Venture Capital Cathay Health Ökosystem Portfolio Partner Dienstleistungen Fallstudien Verantwortung Nachhaltigkeit Stiftung Perpetual Purpose Fund Aktuelles Kontakt --> --> --> JD Logistics soars in Hong Kong debut, extending the empire of ‘China’s Amazon’ 31. Mai 2021 Asien Article source: Forune: https://fortune.com/2021/05/28/jd-logistics-ipo-share-hong-kong-listing/?utm_medium=social&xid=soc_socialflow_twitter_FORTUNE&utm_campaign=fortunemagazine&utm_source=twitter.com Click on the link above to read the full article. On Friday, shares of JD Logistics surged as much as 18.3% on their first day of trading on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, valuing the distribution arm of Chinese online retailer JD.com at $34 billion. The IPO that raised $3.2 billion was Hong Kong’s second-largest listing of the year and bright spot for the city’s bourse after several first-day flops. And for the sprawling JD.com empire—referred to as ‚China’s Amazon’—the IPO was the third blockbuster public listing in less than 12 months. Like its U.S. peer, JD.com has amassed e-commerce power by building its own in-house, country-wide delivery infrastructure; the logistics business was spun off into a separate entity in 2017. The public debut, while falling short of analyst estimates, is a milestone for for JD Logistics as it shoots for a bigger slice of China’s $2.3 trillion logistics market and eyes overseas expansion. The IPO „helps [JD.com] crystallize the value of its logistics arm, which it had invested in heavily for more than a decade,“ says Vey-Sern Ling, an analyst at Bloomberg Intelligence. Distribution empire JD.com has differentiated itself in China’s fiercely competitive e-commerce space by creating an in-house distribution network that extends across the country. Owning more links in the delivery supply chain has given the online retailer an advantage over rivals—one that proved especially handy during the COVID-19 online shopping boom, when heightened demand overwhelmed other delivery networks. “We have built a nationwide ‘fulfilment infrastructure’ that we believe is the largest among all e-commerce companies in China,” said JD.com its 2018 annual report. The e-commerce giant delivers to all counties and districts in China and claims that 90% of all retail orders that go through its own distribution network are delivered on the same day or next day. … Cathay Capital's Portfolio Company JD Logistics Goes Public with Hong Kong's Second Largest IPO in 2021 Cathay AfricInvest Innovation Fund Led the Series A Extension Round in WhereIsMyTransport with Naspers Foundry and SBI Investment Wir investieren für einen nachhaltigen und globalen Wandel Kontakt +33 1 42 25 28 00 contact@cathay.fr 52 Rue d’Anjou 75008 Paris France +49 89 26 20 446 10 Theatinerstraße 7 80333 München Deutschland Allgemeine rechtliche Informationen Cookie-Richtlinie Regulatorische Mitteilung Rechtliche Hinweise Impressum Datenschutz ESG-Richtlinie Bleiben Sie informiert Wir respektieren Ihre Daten Cookies sind wichtig um die reibungslose Funktion unserer Website zu ermöglichen und helfen uns, Ihnen ein optimiertes und individualisiertes Nutzererlebnis zu bieten. Klicken Sie zur Zustimmung unserer Cookie-Richtlinien auf 'Akzeptieren und weiter' . Mehr Weiter ohne zu akzeptieren Akzeptieren und weiter Privacy & Cookies Policy Schließen Privacy Overview This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience. Necessary Necessary immer aktiv Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information. Non-necessary Non-necessary Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website. SPEICHERN & AKZEPTIEREN