Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 30 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 47 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 48 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 104 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 104 Item 9B. Other Information 105 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 105 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 106 Item 11. Executive Compensation 106 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 106 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 106 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 106 PART IV Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 107 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 111 Unless otherwise indicated, references herein to specific years and quarters are to our fiscal years and fiscal quarters, and references to financial information are on a consolidated basis. As used herein, the terms “we,” “us,” “our,” the “Company,” “WDC” and “Western Digital” refer to Western Digital Corporation and its subsidiaries, unless we state, or the context indicates, otherwise. WDC, a Delaware corporation, is the parent company of our data storage business. Our principal executive offices are located at 5601 Great Oaks Parkway, San Jose, California 95119. Our telephone number is (408) 717-6000. Western Digital, the Western Digital logo and WD are registered trademarks or trademarks of Western Digital or its affiliates in the U.S. and/or other countries. All other trademarks, registered trademarks and/or service marks, indicated or otherwise, are the property of their respective owners. 2 Table of Contents STATEMENTS This document contains statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. Any statements that do not relate to historical or current facts or matters are statements. You can identify some of the statements by the use of words, such as “may,” “will,” “could,” “would,” “project,” “believe,” “anticipate,” “expect,” “estimate,” “continue,” “potential,” “plan,” “forecast,” and the like, or the use of future tense. Statements concerning current conditions may also be if they imply a continuation of current conditions. Examples of statements include, but are not limited to, statements concerning: the impact of the global macroeconomic environment, including tariffs; expectations regarding demand trends, market opportunities and our market position, including related to artificial intelligence (“AI”); our product plans and business strategies; consumer trends and market conditions; expectations regarding our future financial performance; expectations regarding our product development and technology plans; expectations regarding capital expenditure plans and investments; expectations regarding our tax resolutions, effective tax rate and our unrecognized tax benefits; expectations regarding the merits of our position and our plans with respect to certain litigation matters; our beliefs regarding our capital allocation plans, including our quarterly dividend program and our share repurchase program, and the sufficiency of our available liquidity to meet our working capital, debt and capital expenditure needs; and our expectations regarding the completed separation of our hard disk drive (“HDD”) and Flash business units, including the disposition of our retained stake in Sandisk Corporation. These statements are based on management’s current expectations, represent the most current information available to the Company as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and are subject to a number of risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results or performance to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the statements. These risks and uncertainties are described in Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. You are urged to carefully review the disclosures we make concerning risks and other factors that may affect the outcome of our statements and our business and operating results, including those made in Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and any of those made in our other reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these statements, which speak only as of the date of this Report. We do not intend, and undertake no obligation, to update or revise these statements to reflect new information or events after the date of this document or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events, except as required by law. WEBSITE REFERENCES In this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we make references to our website at www.westerndigital.com . References to our website through this Form 10-K are provided for convenience only and the content on our website does not constitute a part of, and shall not be deemed incorporated by reference into, this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 3 Table of Contents PART I Item 1. Business General Western Digital was founded in 1970 and is a Standard & Poor’s 500 (“S&P 500”) company headquartered in San Jose, California. We are a leading developer, manufacturer, and provider of data storage devices and solutions based on hard disk drive (“HDD”) technology. HDDs are critical components in the worldwide data infrastructure market, powering the digital economy. HDDs provide reliable, , storage needs for a wide range of applications, ranging from cloud data centers, enterprise storage systems, edge computing, and video surveillance to client and consumer devices. On February 21, 2025 (the “Separation Date”), we completed the separation of our HDD and Flash business units (the “Separation”) to create two independent public companies, with Western Digital focusing on our existing HDD business and Sandisk Corporation (“Sandisk”), formerly a subsidiary of the Company, holding the Flash business. We believe the Separation better positions each business unit to execute innovative technology and product development, capitalize on unique growth opportunities, extend respective leadership positions, operate more efficiently with distinct capital structures, and pursue capital allocation strategies that maximize shareholder value. As global data creation continues to accelerate, particularly in the age of AI, and as the need to store and retain data also grows, we believe HDDs will continue to remain the preferred technology for storing large volumes of data as the most economical solution to the large cloud data centers for their mass storage needs. We believe Western Digital is well positioned as a leading supplier in the industry given the depth of our industry knowledge and the breadth of our product portfolio. We are a organization that has developed deep relationships with industry leaders to deliver innovative solutions to help users capture, store and transform data across a boundless range of applications. With much of the world’s data stored on Western Digital products, our innovation powers the global technology ecosystem — anchored in the cloud, and extending from consumer devices to the edge — enabling the future, including AI and emerging applications. Our broad portfolio of technology and products addresses our customers’ storage needs through multiple end markets: “Cloud,” “Client” and “Consumer” and is comprised of the Western Digital® and WD® brands. Cloud . Cloud represents a large and growing end market comprised primarily of products for public or private cloud environments and enterprise customers. We enable cloud, Internet and social media infrastructure players to build more powerful, and efficient data centers. We provide the Cloud end market with an array of enterprise HDDs and platforms. Our capacity enterprise HDDs address growing storage demands with high reliability, easy scalability, and lower time to value for our customers — all while delivering a low total cost of ownership for cloud data center and smart video system markets. These drives are primarily for use in data storage systems, in tiered storage models and where data must be stored reliably for years. We also provide higher value data storage platforms to the market. Client . Through the Client end market, we provide our original equipment manufacturer (“OEM”) and channel customers a broad array of HDD solutions across desktop and notebooks. Our products are designed for use in devices requiring high performance, reliability and capacity with various attributes such as low cost per gigabyte, quiet acoustics, and low power consumption. Consumer . We have also built strong consumer brand recognition with tools to manage vast libraries of personal content and to push the limits of what is possible for storage. We serve the Consumer end market with a portfolio of HDD external storage products and our vast presence around the world through our retail and channel routes to market. Industry We operate in the data storage industry. The ability to access, store and share data from anywhere on any device is increasingly important to our customers and end users. From the intelligent edge to the cloud, data storage is a fundamental component underpinning the global technology architecture. Our strengths in innovation, areal density and cost leadership provide a foundation upon which we are solidifying our position as an essential building block of the digital economy. We believe there is tremendous market opportunity created by the rapid global adoption of technology built with cloud infrastructure, connected intelligent devices, and networks. 4 Table of Contents The increase in computing complexity and advancements in AI, along with growth in cloud computing applications, connected mobile devices and products and edge devices is driving rapid growth in the volume of digital content to be stored and used. While this growth has led to the creation of several form factors for data storage and an increasing use of a tiered architecture approach, HDDs occupy a unique place in the market by providing an economical means to create, store and utilize an increasing amount of data in the age of AI. We believe HDDs provide a sustainable total cost of ownership (TCO) advantage to our cloud customers to meet their storage needs. Research and Technology The strong growth in the amount, value and use of data continues to create a global need for larger, faster and more capable storage solutions. We have extensive customer, partner and channel relationships across our end markets and geographies and a rich heritage of innovation and operational excellence. We have a wide range of intellectual property (“IP”) assets, including patent portfolios containing approximately 4,500 active patents , covering groundbreaking data storage technologies, magnetic recording and other technology building blocks. We have broad research and development (“R&D”) capabilities and devote substantial resources to the development of new products and the improvement of existing products. We focus our engineering efforts on optimizing our product design and manufacturing processes to bring our products to market in a and timely manner. We continue to transform ourselves to address the growth in data by providing what we believe to be the broadest range of storage technologies in the industry with a comprehensive product portfolio and global reach. For a discussion of associated risks, see Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors , of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. HDD products provide data storage by recording magnetic information on rotating disks. We develop and manufacture substantially all of the recording heads and magnetic media used in our HDD products. We have led the industry in innovation to drive increased areal density and attributes. Our improvements in HDD capacity, which lower product costs over time, have been enabled largely through advancements in magnetic recording head and media technologies. Our product roadmap for HDDs, which include ePMR, OptiNAND, UltraSMR and triple stage actuators to deliver a portfolio of drives, in commercial volumes, at a wide variety of capacity points, puts Western Digital in a strong position to capitalize on the opportunities presented by the large and growing storage markets. We invest considerable resources in R&D, manufacturing infrastructure and capital equipment for recording head and media technology, as well as other aspects of the magnetic recording system such as HDD mechanics, controller and firmware technology, in order to secure our competitive position and cost structure. Our products generally leverage a common platform for various products within product families, and in some cases across product families, resulting in the commonality of components which reduces our exposure to changes in demand, facilitates inventory management and allows us to achieve lower costs through purchasing economies. This platform strategy also enables our customers to leverage their qualification efforts onto successive product models. Competition We believe we are in our competitive industry with our leading product portfolio, differentiated innovation engine, global manufacturing footprint, and leadership in driving areal density and cost efficiency. Nevertheless, we face strong competition from several manufacturers of storage products and storage systems and solutions, whether directly or indirectly. Our competitors include HDD competitors such as Seagate Technology Holdings plc, and Toshiba Electronic Devices & Storage Corporation along with NAND flash suppliers that provide and enable alternative storage technologies, as well as storage systems and solutions providers. 5 Table of Contents Business Strategy Our vision is to unleash the power and value of data. Our mission is to be the market leader in data storage by delivering storage solutions for now and the future. By understanding our customers’ needs, together we can help them unlock the value and power of data that we are starting to see come to the fore, especially in this age of AI. Our overall strategy focuses on leadership, innovation and execution, with a goal of furthering Western Digital as an and developer, manufacturer and provider of storage devices and solutions that support the infrastructure that has enabled a proliferation of data. Our strategy reflects the following foundational elements: (1) Enhanced customer focus for driving greater customer advocacy and deeper customer engagement, (2) Product and technology leadership for realizing the best total cost of ownership through disciplined product management, (3) Rigorous financial discipline by having a clear capital allocation strategy, ambitious financial targets and prudent capital investment, (4) Operational excellence for driving cost to achieve margin profiles with strong execution, (5) Innovation and growth for creating new products and applications and identifying new market opportunities, and (6) High performance teams with the skill sets to meet business needs. Patents, Licenses and Proprietary Information We rely on a combination of patents, trademarks, copyright and trade secret laws, confidentiality procedures and licensing arrangements to protect our IP rights. We have approximately 4,500 active patents worldwide and have many patent applications in process. We continually seek additional United States (“U.S.”) and international patents on our technology. We believe that, although our active patents and patent applications have considerable value, the successful manufacturing and marketing of our products also depends upon the technical and managerial competence of our staff. Accordingly, the patents held and applied for cannot alone ensure our future success. In addition to patent protection of certain IP rights, we consider elements of our product designs and processes to be proprietary and confidential. We believe that our IP, particularly some of our process technology, is an important factor in our success. We rely upon agreements, contractual provisions and a system of internal safeguards to protect our proprietary information. Despite these safeguards, there is a risk that competitors may obtain and use such information. The laws of foreign jurisdictions in which we conduct business may provide less protection for confidential information than the laws of the U.S. We rely on certain technology that we license from other parties to manufacture and sell our products. We believe that we have adequate and other agreements in place in addition to our own IP portfolio to compete successfully in the storage industry. For a discussion of associated risks, see Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors , of this Annual Report on Form 10‑K. Manufacturing and Suppliers We believe that we have significant , unique product manufacturing processes, test and tooling, execution skills, human resources and training to continue to be successful and to adjust our manufacturing operations as necessary. We strive to maintain manufacturing flexibility, high manufacturing yields, reliable products and components. The critical elements of our production are high volume and utilization, assembly and testing, strict adherence to quality metrics and maintaining close relationships with our strategic component suppliers to access technology and manufacturing capacity. We continually monitor our manufacturing capabilities to respond to the changing requirements of our customers and maintain our competitiveness and position as a data technology leader. HDD manufacturing is a complex process involving the production and assembly of precision components with narrow tolerances and rigorous testing. The manufacturing processes involve a number of steps that are dependent on each other and occur in “clean room” environments that demand skill in process engineering and efficient space utilization to control the operating costs of these manufacturing environments. We continually evaluate our manufacturing processes in an effort to increase productivity, sustain and improve quality and decrease manufacturing costs. We continually evaluate which steps in the manufacturing process would benefit from automation and how automated manufacturing processes can improve productivity and reduce manufacturing costs. We also leverage contract manufacturers when strategically advantageous. HDD consists primarily of recording heads, magnetic media, controllers and firmware and a printed circuit board assembly. We design and manufacture substantially all of the recording heads and magnetic media required for our products. As a result, 6 Table of Contents we are more dependent upon our own development and execution efforts for these components and less reliant on recording head and magnetic media technologies developed by other manufacturers. We depend on an external supply base for all remaining components and materials for use in our design, manufacturing and testing. We believe the use of our manufacturing, assembly and test facilities offers the controls necessary to provide the demanding capabilities, performance and reliability our customers require. Our vertically integrated, assembly and test operations are concentrated in Prachinburi and Bang , Thailand; Penang, Johor Bahru, and Kuching, Malaysia; Laguna, Philippines; Shenzhen, China; and San Jose and Fremont, CA, USA. We generally retain multiple suppliers for our component requirements, but for business or technology reasons, we source some of our components from a limited number of sole or single source providers. For a discussion of such risks, see Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors , of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Sales and Distribution We sell our products to cloud service providers, computer manufacturers and OEMs, resellers, distributors and retailers throughout the world. We maintain sales offices in selected parts of the world including the major geographies of the Americas, Asia Pacific, Europe and the Middle East. Our international sales, which include sales to foreign subsidiaries of U.S. companies but do not include sales to U.S. subsidiaries of foreign companies, represented 55%, 58% and 57% of our net revenue for 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Our sales are subject to certain risks, including exposure to tariffs and various trade regulations. For a discussion of such risks, see Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors , of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We perform our marketing and advertising functions both internally and through outside firms utilizing both consumer media and trade publications targeting various reseller and markets. We also maintain customer relationships through direct communication and by providing information and support through our website. In accordance with standard storage industry practice, we provide distributors and retailers with limited price protection and programs under which we reimburse certain marketing expenditures. We also provide distributors, resellers and OEMs with other sales incentive programs. For 2025, three customers accounted for 17%, 12%, and 10%, respectively, of our net revenue. For 2024 and 2023, no single customer accounted for 10% or more of our net revenue. Cyclicality and Seasonality Our business is subject to variability of sales because it is largely dependent on the buying patterns of our large Cloud customers, driven by their needs for deploying our technology in their data center buildouts, as well as on their ability to procure other products that go into such buildouts. Our business is also impacted by cyclicality in the industry, as well as macroeconomic factors. For a discussion of associated risks, see Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors , of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Service and Warranty We generally warrant our newly manufactured products against defects in materials and workmanship from one to five years from the date of sale depending on the type of product, with a small number of products having a warranty ranging up to ten years or more. Our warranty obligation is generally limited to repair or replacement. We have engaged third parties in various countries in multiple regions to provide various levels of testing, processing or recertification of returned products for our customers. For additional information regarding our service and warranty policy, see Part II, Item 8, Note 1, Organization and Basis of Presentation, and Note 5, Supplemental Financial Statement Data, of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Our People Our people strategy supports our vision of unleashing the power and value of data and our mission to be the market leader in data storage, delivering solutions for now and the future. At the end of 2025, we employed approximately 40,000 people worldwide. Our diverse team spans 24 countries with approximately 88% of our employees in Asia Pacific, approximately 11% in the Americas and less than 1% in Europe, the Middle East and Africa. Talent Growth and Engagement 7 Table of Contents We invest in developing our people to lead us into the future. To help our employees reach their full potential, we aim to cultivate an environment that encourages learning, development and career growth. Our performance framework includes setting goals to establish clear expectations and receiving feedback and coaching to achieve them. Our learning management system offers learning activities to help employees map their career journey, access learning online and track progress against development goals. We also provide upskilling and reskilling opportunities to our factory employees through training, technical classes, workshops and partnerships with universities and colleges. We make it a priority to recruit exceptional talent across the organization. We continue to foster the next generation of talent through our intern and new college graduate recruitment programs, and we converted about 40% of our eligible global intern population to employees in 2025. We have a U.S. Department of Labor approved apprenticeship program, serving as a career pathway for veterans and other underserved populations, which helps us build a workforce that mirrors the communities that we serve. We believe employee engagement is key to performance and retention and that by listening to our employees we can better understand how we enable them to do their best work. We use a combination of our employee survey and listening sessions at all levels to understand what we are doing well and identify opportunities to strengthen employee engagement in support of our business strategy. We strive to cultivate an inclusive environment where every individual feels valued, respected, and appreciated, thereby enabling them to contribute effectively to the organization and excel in their roles. Our initiatives celebrate the diversity of our workforce and ensure that all voices are heard. Our Employee Resource Groups are and foster connections based on a shared identity or background and are open to all employees who want to join. We continued our commitment to conducting business in an ethical way around the world. In 2025, we were named one of the World’s Most Ethical Companies by Ethisphere for the seventh consecutive year. Our employees also regularly participate in philanthropy to support the communities in which they work and live. In 2025, more than half of our employees around the world gave their time to participate in volunteer events. Compensation and Benefits We believe that recognition is crucial for retaining and motivating our employees, and we are committed to rewarding performance with competitive compensation consisting of base salary and and incentives. We also offer a global recognition program to celebrate the contributions of employees who bring to life our core values: Customers, Results, Connection, Excellence, and Innovation. We invest in the physical, mental and financial of our people through a dynamic and differentiated Total Rewards program that aligns to our culture and values. We provide competitive benefits (which vary by country or region), including health coverage, life and disability insurance, retirement plans, paid time off, employee assistance program and employee stock purchase plan. We benchmark our compensation and benefits programs annually using market data from reputable consultants. We also conduct internal focus groups and employee surveys to inform programs and identify opportunities. To ensure that our pay practices are fair, we conduct regular pay equity assessments to promote equal pay for equal work, as well as regularly engaging in a living wage analysis. Health and Safety We are committed to creating a safe work environment everywhere we operate. We provide extensive health and safety resources and training to all employees, especially those working in our manufacturing facilities, where we use an integrated management system to manage health and safety standards. Government Regulation Our worldwide business activities are subject to various laws, rules and regulations of the United States as well as of foreign governments. Compliance with existing or future governmental regulations, including, but not limited to, those pertaining to global trade, the environment, consumer and data protection, employee health and safety, and taxes, could have a material impact on our capital expenditures, earnings, competitive position and overall business. See Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors for a discussion of these potential impacts. 8 Table of Contents Corporate Responsibility and Sustainability At Western Digital, sustainability is about innovating with technology to positively impact our future. We believe that sustainability can create value for everyone in our value chain and serves as a competitive differentiator, while minimizing our environmental footprint, influencing our ecosystem, empowering and connecting our stakeholders and embedding sustainability in our processes. Our sustainability strategy is reflected through sustainability-focused initiatives as well as activities, including our adoption of sustainability-focused policies and procedures, fostering an inclusive workplace, our constant drive toward more efficient use of materials and energy, our careful and active management of our supply chain, our volunteerism programs and philanthropic initiatives and our impactful, ethics and compliance program. • We work to minimize our impact on the environment by reducing emissions, water withdrawal and waste to landfills, and by evaluating and enhancing our climate resiliency. • We strive to innovate in ways that reduce the energy used by our products, the energy used to manufacture them and the amount of new materials required to manufacture them. • We actively collaborate with customers, suppliers, industry associations, governments, academics, standards organizations and industry partners to generate value, reduce emissions across the ecosystem, and increase circularity to reduce raw materials extraction. • We seek to foster a workplace of inclusion by hiring and developing team members with different experiences and creating opportunities for connections across the company through our Employee Resource Groups. • We are guided by our global pillars centered on hunger relief, environmental quality and STEM (science, technology, engineering and math) education and activate employees locally to have an impact on their community. • We seek to protect the human rights and civil liberties of our employees through policies, procedures and programs that avoid risks of compulsory and child labor, both within our company and throughout our supply chain. • We educate our employees annually on relevant ethics and compliance topics, publish accessible guidance on ethical issues and related company resources in our Global Code of Conduct and encourage reporting of ethical concerns through any of several global and local reporting channels. • We set new environmental goals to expand our focus to include energy alternatives, add an upstream direct emissions reduction goal and goals for increasing recycled content in products and packaging for our enterprise HDD portfolio. Available Information We maintain an Internet website at www.westerndigital.com . The information on our website is not incorporated in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and amendments to reports filed or furnished pursuant to Sections 13(a) and 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, are available on our website at www.westerndigital.com , free of charge, as soon as reasonably practicable after the electronic filing of these reports with, or furnishing of these reports to, the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”). The SEC maintains a website at www.sec.gov that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC, including us. 9 Table of Contents Item 1A. Risk Factors Our business can be affected by a number of risks and uncertainties, any of which could cause material harm to our actual operating results and financial condition. The risks discussed below are not the only ones facing our business but represent risks that we believe are material to us. Additional risks not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also negatively affect our business. OPERATIONAL RISKS Adverse global or regional conditions could harm our business. A large portion of our revenue is derived from our international operations, and many of our products and components are produced overseas. As a result, our business depends significantly on global and regional conditions. Adverse changes in global or regional economic and social conditions, including, but not limited to, volatility in the financial markets, reduced access to credit, recession, inflation, rising interest rates, trade wars or changes to tariffs, slower growth in certain geographic regions, political uncertainty, geopolitical tensions or conflicts, terrorism, other macroeconomic factors and new or changed regulations, could significantly harm demand for our products, increase credit and collectability risks, result in revenue reductions, reduce profitability as a result of underutilization of our assets, cause us to change our business practices, increase manufacturing and operating costs or result in impairment charges or other expenses. Our revenue growth is significantly dependent on the growth of international markets, and we may face challenges in international sales markets. We are also subject to risks that could harm our business associated with our global manufacturing operations, global sales efforts and our utilization of contract manufacturers, including: the need to obtain governmental approvals and compliance with evolving foreign regulations; the need to comply with regulations on international business, including the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, the United Kingdom Bribery Act 2010, the laws of other countries and rules regarding conflict minerals; the effects of political and economic instability; exchange, currency and tax controls and reallocations; the ongoing development and applicability of global and local tax systems; weaker protection of IP rights; policies and financial incentives by governments in China, the United States, and countries in Europe and Asia designed to reduce dependence on foreign manufacturing capabilities; trade restrictions, such as export controls, export bans, import restrictions, embargoes, sanctions, license and certification requirements (including encryption and other technology), trade wars, tariffs and complex customs regulations; difficulties in managing international operations, including appropriate internal controls; and fluctuations in financial markets and interruptions to supply chains from public health crises. Changes in U.S. trade policy and the impact of tariffs and retaliatory actions may have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. Our business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected by uncertainty and changes in U.S. trade policies, including tariffs, trade agreements or other trade restrictions imposed by the United States or other governments. For example, the United States has announced changes to its trade policies, including increasing tariffs on imports, in some cases significantly. These actions have caused substantial uncertainty and have also resulted in retaliatory measures on U.S. goods and exports to the United States. Any imposition of or increase in tariffs may increase the cost of importing our products or the costs for materials or components used in our products, which would increase our costs unless we are able to implement actions to offset these costs, such as leveraging tariff exemptions where possible, optimizing our supply chain, sourcing from alternative suppliers, or passing the costs to our customers through tariff surcharges or increased prices. There can be no assurance that we will be able to successfully offset or mitigate any resulting increase in our costs. If we are unable to pass on any cost increases or if supply and demand conditions will not support price increases for our products, our revenue and gross margin would be negatively impacted. In addition, retaliatory actions by other countries in response to U.S. trade policy could increase prices for our products, negatively affect demand for our products or restrict our ability to manufacture our products. Tariffs or other trade restrictions may also lead to increased costs for our customers, declining consumer confidence, significant inflation and diminished expectations for the economy, as well as ultimately reduced demand for our products. Such conditions could have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations and cash flows. In addition, tariff actions by the United States and retaliatory actions by other countries have caused, and may in the future cause, significant disruption and volatility in the financial markets, which could adversely affect the availability, terms and cost of capital, including to refinance our existing debt, and which in turn could reduce our cash flows and harm our business. 10 Table of Contents Changes in tariffs and trade restrictions can be announced with little or no advance notice. The adoption and expansion of tariffs or other trade restrictions, increasing trade tensions and retaliatory actions, or other changes in governmental policies related to tariffs, trade agreements or trade policies are difficult to predict, which makes risks difficult to anticipate and mitigate. If we are unable to navigate further changes in U.S. or international trade policy, it could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. We are dependent on a limited number of qualified suppliers who provide critical services, materials or components, and a disruption in our supply chain could negatively affect our business. We depend on an external supply base for technologies, software (including firmware), preamps, controllers, dynamic memory, components, equipment and materials for use in our product design and manufacturing. We also depend on suppliers for a portion of our wafer testing, chip assembly, product assembly and product testing, and on service suppliers for providing technical support for our products. In addition, we use logistics partners to manage our worldwide hubs and distribution centers and to meet our freight needs. Many of the components and much of the equipment we acquire must be specifically designed for use in our products or for developing and manufacturing our products and are only available from a limited number of suppliers, some of whom are our suppliers. We therefore depend on these suppliers to meet our business needs, including dedicating adequate engineering resources to develop components that can be successfully integrated into our products. Our suppliers have in the past been, and may in the future be, unable or unwilling to meet our requirements, including as a result of events outside of their control such as trade restrictions (including tariffs, quotas and embargoes), geopolitical conflicts, terrorism, public health crises or natural disasters. If we are unable to purchase sufficient quantities from our current suppliers or qualify and engage additional suppliers, or if we cannot purchase materials at a reasonable price, we may not be able to meet demand for our products. Trade restrictions (including tariffs, quotas and embargoes), demand from other industries for materials or components used in our products, disruptions in supplier relationships or shortages in other components and materials used in our customers’ products could result in increased costs to us or decreased demand for our products, which could negatively impact our business. Delays, shortages or cost increases experienced by our suppliers in developing or sourcing materials and components for use in our products or incompatibility or quality issues relating to our products, could also harm our business. We do not have contracts with some of our existing suppliers, and we do not always have guaranteed manufacturing capacity with our suppliers, so we cannot guarantee that they will devote sufficient resources or capacity to manufacturing our products. Any significant problems that occur at our suppliers could lead to product shortages or quality assurance problems. When we do have contractual commitments with suppliers in an effort to stabilize the supply of our components, those commitments may require us to buy a substantial number of components or make significant cash advances to the supplier and may not result in a satisfactory supply of our components. We have cancelled or deferred, and may continue to cancel or defer, outstanding purchase commitments with certain suppliers due to changes in actual and forecasted demand, which has resulted, and may continue to result in, fees, penalties and other associated charges. Such cancellations or deferments can also negatively impact our relationships with certain suppliers or lead to a decline in the financial performance of certain suppliers, each of which could result in even more limited availability of components needed for our products. In addition, our supply base has experienced industry consolidation. Our suppliers may be acquired by our competitors, decide to exit the industry or redirect their investments or increase costs to us. In addition, some of our suppliers have experienced a decline in financial performance, including as a result of cancelled or deferred purchase commitments. Where we rely on a limited number of suppliers or a single supplier, the risk of supplier loss due to industry consolidation or a decline in financial performance is increased. Some of our suppliers may also be competitors in other areas of our business, which could lead to difficulties in price negotiations or meeting our supply requirements. Our operations, and those of certain of our suppliers and customers, are subject to substantial risk of damage or disruption. We conduct our operations at large, , facilities in California and throughout Asia. The facilities of many of our customers, our suppliers and our customers’ suppliers are also concentrated in certain geographic locations throughout Asia and elsewhere. If a fire, flood, earthquake, tsunami or other natural disaster, condition or event such as a power outage, contamination event, terrorist attack, cybersecurity incident, physical security breach, political instability, civil unrest, localized labor unrest or other employment issues or a health epidemic or pandemic negatively affects any of these facilities, it would significantly affect our ability to manufacture or sell our products and source components and would harm our business. Possible impacts include work and equipment stoppages and damage to or closure of our facilities, or those of our suppliers or 11 Table of Contents customers, for an indefinite period of time. Climate change has in the past and is expected to continue to increase the incidence and severity of certain natural disasters, including wildfires, floods and other adverse weather events. In addition, the geographic concentration of our manufacturing sites could exacerbate the negative impacts resulting from any of these problems. We may incur losses beyond the limits of, or outside the scope of, the coverage of our insurance policies. There can be no assurance that in the future we will be able to maintain existing insurance coverage or that premiums will not increase substantially. Due to market availability, pricing or other reasons, we may elect not to purchase insurance coverage or to purchase only limited coverage. We maintain limited insurance coverage and, in some cases, no coverage at all, for natural disasters and damage to our facilities, as these types of insurance are sometimes not available or available only at a prohibitive cost. Climate change may reduce the availability or increase the cost of certain types of insurance by contributing to an increase in the incidence and severity of certain natural disasters. The loss of our key management, staff and skilled employees or the inability to hire and develop new employees could negatively impact our business prospects. Our success depends upon the continued contributions of our talent. Changes in our key management team have resulted in and may in the future result in loss of continuity, loss of accumulated knowledge, departure of other key employees, disruptions to our operations and inefficiency during transitional periods. Global competition for skilled employees in the technology industry is intense, and our business success is increasingly dependent on our ability to attract, develop and retain top talent, implement succession plans for key management and staff and replace aging skilled employees. Changes in immigration policies may also impair our ability to recruit and hire technical and professional talent. Our ability to hire and retain employees also depends on our ability to build and maintain an inclusive workplace culture, provide opportunities for career development and fund competitive compensation and benefits, each of which contribute to being viewed as an employer of choice. Additionally, because a substantial portion of our key employees’ compensation is linked to the performance of our business, we may be at a competitive disadvantage for hiring and retaining talent when our operating results are negatively impacted. If we are unable to hire and retain key talent, our operating results would likely be harmed. The compromise, damage or interruption of our technology infrastructure, information systems or products by cybersecurity incidents, data security breaches, other security problems, design defects, information system failures or other events could have a material negative impact on our business. We experience cybersecurity incidents of varying degrees on our technology infrastructure and information systems and, as a result, unauthorized parties have obtained in the past, and may obtain in the future, access to our computer systems and networks, including platforms. These incidents have in the past caused, and may in the future cause, disruption to parts of our business operations and result in various investigation, recovery and remediation expenses. In addition, the technology infrastructure and information systems of some of our suppliers, vendors, service providers, cloud solution providers and partners have in the past experienced, and may in the future experience, such incidents. Cybersecurity incidents can be caused by ransomware, computer attacks, worms and other malicious software programs or other attacks, including the covert introduction of malware to computers and networks, and the use of techniques or processes that change frequently, may be disguised or difficult to detect, or are designed to remain dormant until a triggering event, and may continue undetected for an extended period of time. Cybersecurity incidents have in the past resulted from, and may in the future result from, social engineering or impersonation of authorized users, and may also result from efforts to discover and exploit any design flaws, bugs, security vulnerabilities or security weaknesses, intentional or unintentional acts by employees or other insiders with access privileges, intentional acts of vandalism or fraud by third parties and sabotage. In some instances, efforts to correct vulnerabilities or prevent incidents have in the past, and may in the future, reduce the functionality or performance of our information systems and networks, which could negatively impact our business. We believe malicious cybersecurity acts are increasing in number and that cybersecurity threat actors are increasingly organized and or supported by state actors and are developing increasingly sophisticated systems and means to not only infiltrate information systems, but also to evade detection or to obscure their activities. Additionally, as AI capabilities continue to evolve and become more readily available, we may face increasingly sophisticated cyberattacks that leverage AI technologies. These may include highly convincing phishing or social engineering attacks that use deepfakes, the exploitation of vulnerabilities in electronic identity validation security programs via images or voices, or the inadvertent incorporation of malicious or hallucinated content generated by AI tools into our systems or those of our customers or partners. Separately, the AI technologies that we employ for business purposes may be vulnerable to or other 12 Table of Contents adversarial attacks, which could result in unauthorized access to or leakage of sensitive information. Geopolitical tensions or conflicts may also create heightened risk of cybersecurity incidents. Our products are also targets for malicious cybersecurity acts, including those products utilized in environments as well as our cloud service offerings. Our cloud services have in the past and may in the future be taken offline as a result of or in order to prevent or mitigate cybersecurity incidents. While some of our products contain encryption or security algorithms to protect content or data stored on our products, these products could still be hacked or the encryption schemes could be compromised, breached or circumvented by motivated and sophisticated attackers, which could harm our business by exposing us to litigation and indemnification claims and hurting our reputation. When efforts to breach our infrastructure, information systems or products are successful or we are unable to protect against such attacks, we have in the past suffered, and could in the future suffer, interruptions, delays or cessation of operations of our information systems, and loss or misuse of proprietary or confidential information, IP, or sensitive or personal information. We may also experience disruptions or outages of our information systems due to internal or mistakes or technical errors, including due to software updates, which could disrupt our business operations. Compromises of our infrastructure, information systems or products could also cause our customers and other affected third parties to suffer loss or misuse of proprietary or confidential information, IP, or sensitive or personal information and could harm our relationships with customers and other third parties and subject us to liability. As a result of actual or perceived cybersecurity incidents or other information system disruptions, we have in the past experienced and may in the future experience additional costs, notification requirements, civil and administrative fines and penalties, indemnification claims, litigation or damage to our brand and reputation. All of these consequences could harm our reputation and our business and materially and negatively impact our operating results and financial condition. We are subject to risks related to product defects, which could result in product recalls or epidemic failures and could subject us to warranty, litigation or indemnification claims that exceed our expectations or estimates. We warrant the majority of our products for periods of one to five years. We test our products in our manufacturing facilities through a variety of means. However, our testing may fail to reveal defects in our products that may not become apparent until after the products have been sold into the market. In addition, our products may be used in a manner that is not intended or anticipated by us, resulting in potential liability. Accordingly, there is a risk that product defects will occur, including as a result of components or applications that we incorporate in our products, which could require a product recall. Product recalls can be expensive to implement. As part of a product recall, we may be required or choose to replace the defective product. Moreover, there is a risk that product defects may trigger an epidemic failure clause in a customer agreement. If an epidemic failure occurs, we may be required to replace or refund the value of the defective product and to cover certain other costs associated with the consequences of the epidemic failure. In addition, product defects, product recalls or epidemic failures may cause damage to our reputation or customer relationships, lost revenue, indemnification for a recall of our customers’ products, warranty claims, litigation or loss of market share with our customers, including our OEM and original design manufacturer (“ODM”) customers. Our business liability insurance may be inadequate, or future coverage may be unavailable on acceptable terms, which could negatively impact our operating results and financial condition. Our standard warranties contain limits on damages and exclusions of liability for consequential damages and for misuse, improper installation, alteration, accident or mishandling while in the possession of someone other than us. We record an accrual for estimated warranty costs at the time revenue is recognized. We may incur additional expenses if our warranty provisions do not reflect the actual cost of resolving issues related to defects in our products, whether as a result of a product recall, epidemic failure or otherwise. If these additional expenses are significant, they could harm our business. BUSINESS AND STRATEGIC RISKS We are subject to risks related to the separation of Sandisk, our former Flash business, into an independent public company. On February 21, 2025, we completed our planned of our Flash business unit from our remaining HDD business (which we refer to as the Separation), as a result of which Sandisk became an independent public company. There can be no assurance that the anticipated benefits of the Separation will be realized, or that the costs or of the Separation (including costs of related restructuring transactions) will not exceed the anticipated amounts, in each case in the monetary or other amounts or within the timeframes that were anticipated. The Separation has and may continue to impose challenges on us and our business, such as potential business disruption; the diversion of management time on matters relating to the Separation; the impact on our ability to retain talent; and potential impacts on our relationships with our customers, suppliers, employees, 13 Table of Contents and other counterparties. In addition, following the Separation, we are a smaller and less diversified company, which could make us more vulnerable to changing market conditions. In connection with the Separation, we and Sandisk entered into various agreements to effect the Separation and provide for the temporary framework of the relationship between us and Sandisk following the Separation, including, among others, a separation and distribution agreement, a tax matters agreement, and a transition services agreement. Performance under these agreements or other related conditions outside of our control could materially affect our operations and future financial results. We retained an equity interest in Sandisk in connection with the Separation, of which we divested a portion in June 2025 in a exchange. As of June 27, 2025, we retain approximately 7 million shares of common stock in Sandisk. We cannot predict the trading price of shares of Sandisk’s common stock and the market value of the Sandisk shares is subject to market volatility and other factors outside of our control. We expect to monetize our remaining stake in Sandisk within one year from the Separation Date, but there can be no assurance regarding the timing of, or timeframe over which, such divestiture or divestitures may occur, or the amount of proceeds received by us in connection with any such divestitures. In addition, while the Separation is intended to be to our stockholders for U.S. federal income tax purposes, there is no assurance that the Separation will qualify for this treatment. If the Separation is ultimately determined to be taxable, Western Digital, Sandisk, or our stockholders could incur income tax and/or other liabilities that could be significant. Any of these factors could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, and the price of our common stock. If we do not properly manage technology transitions and product development and introduction, our competitiveness and operating results may be negatively affected. The markets for our products continuously undergo technology transitions that can impact our product roadmaps and that we must anticipate in order to adapt our existing products or develop new products effectively. If we fail to adapt to or implement new technologies (including the transition to areal density recording technologies that use magnetic recording (“HAMR”) technology to increase HDD capacities), if we fail to quickly and develop new products that meet the specifications and requirements intended or desired by our customers or if technology transitions negatively impact our existing product roadmaps, our business may be harmed. Additionally, the impact of generative AI on the storage and data management markets and regulation thereof is still unfolding and could evolve unpredictably, and it is difficult to accurately forecast related demands. In addition, the success of our technology transitions and product development depends on a number of other factors, including R&D expenses and results; difficulties faced in manufacturing ramp; market acceptance/qualification; effective management of inventory levels in line with anticipated product demand; the vertical integration of some of our products, which may result in more capital expenditures and greater fixed costs than if we were not vertically integrated; our ability to cost effectively respond to customer requests for new products or features (including requests for more efficient and efficiently-produced products with reduced environmental impacts) and software associated with our products; our ability to increase our software development capability; and the effectiveness of our capability in selling new products. Moving to new technologies and products may require us to align to, and build, a new supply base. Our success in new product areas may depend on our ability to enter into favorable supply agreements. In addition, if our customers choose to delay transition to new technologies, if demand for the products that we develop is lower than expected or if the supporting technologies to implement these new technologies are not available, we may be unable to achieve the cost structure required to support our profit objectives or may be unable to grow or maintain our market position. Additionally, new technologies could impact demand for our products in unforeseen or unexpected ways and new products could substitute for our current products and make them obsolete, each of which would harm our business. We also develop products to meet certain industry and technical standards, which may change and cause us to incur substantial costs as we adapt to new standards or invest in different manufacturing processes to remain competitive. We participate in a highly competitive industry that is subject to variations in average selling prices (“ASPs”) and demand, technological change and lengthy product qualifications, all of which can negatively impact our business. 14 Table of Contents Demand for our devices, software and solutions, which we refer to in this Item 1A as our “products”, depends in large part on the demand for systems manufactured by our customers and on storage upgrades to existing systems. The demand for systems has been volatile in the past and often has had an exaggerated effect on the demand for our products in any given period. Demand for and prices of our products are influenced by, among other factors, the actual and projected growth of data to be stored, the spending plans of our large hyperscale customers, the balance between supply and demand in the storage market, macroeconomic factors (such as tariffs and actual or perceived threat of recessions), business conditions, the emergence or growth of new or existing technologies (including AI), technology transitions and other actions taken by us or our competitors. We also experience competition from other companies that produce alternative storage technologies such as flash memory, particularly in our legacy markets where we participate with our lower capacity, smaller form factor HDDs. solutions also target our larger addressable market, i.e., Cloud. The storage market has in the past experienced, and may in the future experience, periods of excess capacity leading to our factories running below the desired utilization levels, resulting in us taking underutilization charges, inventory and reductions in ASPs, all of which lead to negative impacts on our revenue and gross margins. While our ASPs tend to be relatively stable, we may experience periods during an industry downturn when we face adverse headwinds to our ASPs. Additionally, our gross margin may face downward pressure if we are unable to migrate our product mix to the higher capacity needs of our customers and/or to reach the desired manufacturing yield in our production. Our gross margin could also face pressure if we are unable to achieve the desired manufacturing yields when we ramp our new technologies. Further, technological changes can reduce the volume and profitability of sales of existing products. We also face significant competition in the distribution channel (in which our distribution customers sell to small computer manufacturers, dealers, systems integrators and other resellers, as well as to Cloud customers in some cases) as a result of limited product qualification programs and a significant focus on price and availability of product. If we fail to respond to changes in demand in the distribution market, our business could suffer. Additionally, if the distribution market weakens as a result of technology transitions or a significant change in consumer buying preference, or if we experience significant price declines due to demand changes in the distribution channel, our operating results would be negatively impacted. Negative changes in the creditworthiness or the ability to access credit, or the bankruptcy or shutdown of any of our significant retail or distribution partners would harm our revenue and our ability to collect outstanding receivable balances. As we compete in new product areas, the overall complexity of our business may increase and may result in increases in R&D expenses and substantial investments in manufacturing capability, technology enhancements and capability. We must also qualify our products with customers through potentially lengthy testing processes with uncertain results. Some of our competitors offer products that we do not offer, which may allow them to win sales from us, and some of our customers may be developing storage solutions internally, which may reduce their demand for our products. We expect that competition will continue to be intense, and our competitors may be able to gain a product offering or cost structure advantage over us, which would harm our business. Further, our competitors may utilize pricing strategies, including offering products at prices at or below cost, that we may be unable to competitively match. We may also have difficulty effectively competing with manufacturers benefiting from governmental investments and may be subject to increased complexity and reduced efficiency in our supply chain as a result of governmental efforts to promote domestic technologies in various jurisdictions. In addition, if we fail to effectively manage our government relationships in various jurisdictions in which we operate, we may experience missed opportunities (including incentives and investments), unfavorable policy outcomes or operational inefficiencies, any of which would put us at a competitive disadvantage. Loss of revenue from the Cloud end market or a key customer, or consolidation among our customer base, could harm our operating results. As a result of the Separation, there is increased revenue concentration in our Cloud end market and among our top customers. For the year ended June 27, 2025, the Cloud end market accounted for 88% of our total revenue and our top 10 customers accounted for 68% of our net revenue, with three customers each accounting for 10% or more of the Company’s net revenue. 15 Table of Contents If we fail to respond to changes in demand in the Cloud and hyperscale data center markets, our business could suffer. In addition, our customers have a variety of suppliers to choose from and therefore can make substantial demands on us, including demands on product pricing, contractual terms and the environmental impact and attributes of our products, often resulting in the allocation of risk or increased costs to us as the supplier. Our ability to maintain strong relationships with our principal customers is essential to our future performance. We have experienced and may in the future experience events such as the loss of a key customer, prohibition or restriction of sales to a key customer by law, regulation or other government action, reductions in sales to or orders by a key customer, customer requirements to reduce our prices before we are able to reduce costs or the acquisition of a key customer by one of our competitors. These events have impacted, and may in the future impact, our operating results and financial condition. Further, government authorities may implement laws or regulations or take other actions that could result in significant changes to the business or operating models of our customers. Such changes could negatively impact our operating results. Additionally, if there is consolidation among our customer base, our customers may be able to command increased leverage in negotiating prices and other terms of sale, which could negatively impact our profitability. Consolidation among our customer base may also lead to reduced demand for our products, increased customer pressure on our prices, replacement of our products by the combined entity with those of our competitors and cancellations of orders, each of which could harm our operating results. Also, the storage ecosystem is constantly evolving, and our traditional customer base is changing. Fewer companies now hold greater market share for certain applications and services, such as cloud storage and computing platforms, mobile, social media, shopping and streaming media. As a result, the competitive landscape is changing, giving these companies increased leverage in negotiating prices and other terms of sale, which could negatively impact our profitability. In addition, the changes in our evolving customer base create new selling and distribution patterns to which we must adapt. To remain competitive, we must respond to these changes by ensuring we have proper scale in this evolving market, as well as offer products that meet the technological requirements of this customer base at competitive pricing points. To the extent we are not successful in adequately responding to these changes, our operating results and financial condition could be harmed. We experience variability in our sales and cyclicality in our industry, which could cause our operating results to fluctuate. In addition, accurately forecasting demand is difficult, which could harm our business. Our business is subject to variability of sales because it is largely dependent on the buying patterns of our large Cloud customers, driven by their needs for deploying our technology in their data center buildouts, as well as on their ability to procure other products that go into such buildouts. Changes in their demand patterns and in cyclical supply and demand patterns have made it, and could continue to make it, difficult for us to forecast demand. Changes in the linearity of our business within a quarter can also impact our business. As a result of the above or other factors, our forecast of financial results for a given quarter may differ materially from our actual financial results. The variety and volume of products we manufacture are based in part on accurately forecasting market and customer demand for our products, which are influenced by a wide variety of factors. As a result of the number and complexity of these factors, accurately forecasting demand has been and continues to be difficult for us, our customers and our suppliers. Further, while most of our revenue is derived from customers with whom we have agreements and from whom we require firm order commitments, a smaller number of our other customers utilize inventory; from these customers, we do not generally require firm order commitments and instead receive a periodic forecast of requirements, which may prove to be inaccurate. In addition, because our products are designed to be largely interchangeable with competitors’ products, our demand forecasts may be impacted significantly by the strategic actions of our competitors. As forecasting demand remains difficult, the risk that our forecasts are not in line with demand persists. This has caused, and may in the future cause, our forecasts to exceed actual market demand, resulting in periods of product oversupply, excess inventory, underutilization of manufacturing capacity and price decreases, which has impacted and could further impact our sales, ASPs and gross margin or require us to incur inventory or charges for unabsorbed manufacturing overhead, thereby negatively affecting our operating results and our financial condition. For example, in 2024 and 2023, we incurred $155 million and $201 million of charges for unabsorbed manufacturing overhead costs as a result of the reduced utilization of our manufacturing capacity, respectively. These charges were attributable to a significant imbalance of supply and demand and our actions taken in response thereto. If market demand increases significantly beyond our forecasts or beyond our ability to add manufacturing capacity, then we may not be able to satisfy customer product needs, possibly resulting in a loss of market share if our competitors are able to meet customer demands. In addition, some of our components have long , requiring us to place orders several months in advance of anticipated demand. Such long increase the risk of excess inventory, potentially resulting in inventory , or loss of sales in the event our forecasts vary substantially from actual demand. 16 Table of Contents Failure to successfully execute on strategic initiatives including acquisitions, divestitures or cost saving measures may negatively impact our future results. We have made and expect to continue to make acquisitions and divestitures (such as the recent Separation) and engage in cost saving measures. In order to successfully execute on strategic initiatives, we must continue to identify and successfully complete attractive transactions, some of which may be large and complex, and manage issues such as integration of the acquired company or employees, integration of processes and systems, and changes. We may not be able to continue to identify or complete appealing acquisition or investment opportunities given the intense competition for these transactions. Even if we identify and complete suitable corporate transactions, we may not be able to successfully address any integration challenges in a timely manner or at all. There have been and may continue to be difficulties with implementing new systems and processes or with integrating systems and processes of companies with complex operations, which may result in inconsistencies in standards, controls, procedures and policies and may increase our vulnerability to cybersecurity attacks or the risk that our internal controls are found to be ineffective. Failing to successfully integrate or realign our business to take advantage of efficiencies or reduce redundancies of an acquisition or divestiture, including pursuant to the Separation, may result in not realizing all or any of the anticipated benefits of the transaction. In addition, failing to achieve the financial model projections for an acquisition or changes in technology development and related roadmaps following an acquisition may result in the incurrence of impairment charges (including goodwill impairments or other asset ) and other expenses, both of which could negatively impact our results of operations or financial condition. Acquisitions and investments may also result in the issuance of equity securities that may be dilutive to our stockholders as well as or other contingent consideration payments and the issuance of additional indebtedness that would put additional pressure on liquidity. Furthermore, we may agree to provide continuing service obligations or enter into other agreements in order to obtain certain regulatory approvals of our corporate transactions, and failure to satisfy these additional obligations could result in our failing to obtain regulatory approvals or the imposition of additional obligations on us, any of which could negatively affect our business. In addition, new legislation or additional regulations may affect or impair our ability to invest with or in certain other countries or require us to obtain regulatory approvals to do so, including investments in joint ventures, minority investments and outbound technology transfers to certain countries. Cost saving measures, restructurings and divestitures have had and may in the future result in workforce reduction and consolidation of our manufacturing or other facilities. As a result of these actions, we have experienced and may in the future experience a loss of continuity, loss of accumulated knowledge, disruptions to our operations and inefficiency during transitional periods. These actions could also impact employee retention. In addition, we cannot be sure that these actions will be as successful in reducing our overall expenses as we expect, that additional costs will not offset any such reductions or consolidations or that we do not forego future business opportunities as a result of these actions. Acquisitions and alliance activities inherently involve other risks as well, including those associated with disruption to our business and the continued successful execution of our company strategy, goals and responsibilities; assimilation and integration of different business operations, corporate cultures, personnel, infrastructures and technologies or solutions acquired or licensed, while maintaining quality, and designing and implementing appropriate risk management measures; and the possibility of conflict with joint venture or alliance partners regarding strategic direction, prioritization of objectives and goals, governance matters or operations. Our strategic relationships subject us to risks and uncertainties that could harm our business. We have entered into and expect to continue to enter into strategic relationships with various partners for product development, manufacturing, sales growth and the supply of technologies, components, equipment and materials for use in our product design and manufacturing. Please see the risk factor entitled “We are dependent on a limited number of qualified suppliers who provide critical services, materials or components, and a disruption in our supply chain could negatively affect our business,” for a further description of the risks associated with our reliance on external suppliers. Our strategic relationships are subject to various risks that could harm the value of our investments, our revenue and costs, our future rate of spending, our technology plans and our future growth opportunities. Our control over the operations of our business ventures may be limited, and our interests could diverge from our strategic partners’ interests regarding ongoing and future activities. Our strategic relationships are subject to additional risks that could harm our business, including, but not limited to, the following: failure by our strategic partners to comply with applicable laws or employ effective internal controls; difficulties and 17 Table of Contents delays in product and technology development at, ramping production at, and transferring technology to, our strategic partners; declining financial performance of our strategic partners, including failure by our strategic partners to timely fund capital investments with us or otherwise meet their commitments, including the payment of amounts owed to us or third parties when due; losing the rights to, or ability to independently manufacture, certain technology or products being developed or manufactured by strategic partners, including as a result of any of them being acquired by another company, filing for bankruptcy or experiencing financial or other losses; a bankruptcy event involving a strategic partner, which could result in structural changes to or termination of the strategic partnership; and changes in tax or regulatory requirements, which may necessitate changes to the agreements governing our strategic partnerships. FINANCIAL RISKS Our level of debt may negatively impact our liquidity, restrict our operations and ability to respond to business opportunities, and increase our vulnerability to adverse economic and industry conditions. We utilize debt financing in our capital structure and may incur additional debt, including under our revolving credit facility, subject to customary conditions in our loan agreements. Our level of debt could have significant consequences, including limiting our ability to obtain additional financing for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions or other general corporate purposes; requiring a substantial portion of our cash flows to be dedicated to debt service payments instead of other purposes; and imposing financial and other restrictive covenants on our operations. Our ability to meet our debt service obligations, comply with our debt covenants and deleverage depends on our cash flows and financial performance, which are affected by financial, business, economic and other factors. The rate at which we will be able to or choose to deleverage is uncertain. Failure to meet our debt service obligations or comply with our debt covenants could result in an event of default under the applicable indebtedness. We may be unable to cure, or obtain a waiver of, an event of default or otherwise amend our debt agreements to prevent an event of default thereunder on terms acceptable to us or at all. In that event, the debt holders could accelerate the related debt, which may result in the or of other debt, leases or other obligations. We also utilize convertible debt in our capital structure. The $1.6 billion principal amount of our convertible notes will be convertible at the option of the holder beginning on August 15, 2028 and, prior to that date, may be convertible in any given calendar quarter depending on the trading price of our common stock during the prior calendar quarter. During the calendar quarter ended June 30, 2025, the sale price conditional conversion feature of the convertible notes was triggered and, as a result, the holders of the convertible notes have the right to convert the notes during the next succeeding calendar quarter. As such, these convertible notes were classified as current debt as of June 28, 2025. In the event that holders of our convertible debt exercise conversion rights, we will be required to settle the principal amount of any converted notes in cash. If we do not have sufficient funds available to repay indebtedness when due, whether at maturity, by acceleration or upon conversion, we may be required to sell important strategic assets; refinance our existing debt; incur additional debt or issue common stock or other equity securities, which we may not be able to do on terms acceptable to us, in amounts sufficient to meet our needs or at all. Our inability to service our debt obligations or refinance our debt could harm our business. Further, if we are unable to repay, refinance or restructure our secured indebtedness, the holder of such deb

[truncated]