UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 ___________ FORM 8-K CURRENT REPORT Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Date of report (Date of earliest event reported): April 13, 2026 ___________ DIAMONDBACK ENERGY, INC. (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Charter) DE 001-35700 45-4502447 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation) (Commission File Number) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 500 West Texas Ave. Suite 100 Midland , TX 79701 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) ( 432 ) 221-7400 (Registrant's telephone number, including area code) Not Applicable (Former name or former address, if changed since last report) Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions: ☐ Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) ☐ Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) ☐ communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) ☐ communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c)) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934: Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share FANG The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC (NASDAQ Global Select Market) Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (§230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§240.12b-2 of this chapter). Emerging growth company ☐ If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐ Item 2.02. Results of Operations and Financial Condition. Diamondback Energy, Inc. (“Diamondback”) presents in this Item 2.02 certain information for the quarter ended March 31, 2026 regarding its realized prices, derivative activity and weighted average basic and diluted shares outstanding. Realized Prices First quarter 2026 average unhedged realized prices were $73.47 per barrel of oil, $0.18 per Mcf of natural gas and $16.68 per barrel of natural gas liquids (“NGLs”). First quarter 2026 average realized hedged prices were $72.53 per barrel of oil, $1.90 per Mcf of natural gas and $16.68 per barrel of NGLs. Average Prices: Oil ($ per Bbl) $ 73.47 Natural gas ($ per Mcf) $ 0.18 Natural gas liquids ($ per Bbl) $ 16.68 Oil, hedged ($ per Bbl) (1) $ 72.53 Natural gas, hedged ($ per Mcf) (1) $ 1.90 Natural gas liquids, hedged ($ per Bbl) (1) $ 16.68 (1) Hedged prices reflect the effect of our commodity derivative transactions on our average sales prices and include gains and losses on cash settlements for matured commodity derivatives, which we do not designate for hedge accounting. Hedged prices exclude gains or losses resulting from the early settlement of commodity derivative contracts. Derivative Activity For the first quarter of 2026, Diamondback anticipates a net gain on cash settlements for derivative instruments of $133 million and a net loss on derivative instruments of $16 million as detailed in the table below (in millions): Gain (loss) on derivative instruments, net: Commodity contracts $ 117 Net cash received (paid) on settlements: Commodity contracts $ 160 Interest rate swaps (1) (27) Total $ 133 (1) Includes a $27 million realized loss recognized upon termination of the remaining aggregate $300 million notional amount of interest rate swaps. Weighted Average Basic and Diluted Shares Outstanding For the first quarter of 2026, basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding are as follows (in thousands): Basic weighted average shares outstanding 282,792 Diluted weighted average shares outstanding 282,792 Statements This news release contains “ statements” within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Exchange Act, which involve risks, uncertainties, and assumptions. All statements, other than statements of historical fact, including statements regarding Diamondback’s: future performance; business strategy; future operations (including drilling plans and capital plans); estimates and projections of revenues, losses, costs, expenses, returns, cash flow, and financial position; reserve estimates and its ability to replace or increase reserves; anticipated benefits or other effects of strategic transactions (including the Double Eagle acquisition and the Sitio acquisition recently completed by Diamondback's subsidiary, Viper Energy, Inc. and other acquisitions, divestitures or reorganizations); and plans and objectives of management (including plans for future cash flow from operations and for executing environmental strategies) are statements. When used in this news release, the words “aim,” “anticipate,” “believe,” “continue,” “could,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “future,” “guidance,” “intend,” “may,” “model,” “outlook,” “plan,” “positioned,” “potential,” “predict,” “project,” “seek,” “should,” “target,” “will,” “would,” and similar expressions (including the negative of such terms) are intended to identify statements, although not all statements contain such identifying words. Although Diamondback believes that the expectations and assumptions reflected in its statements are reasonable as and when made, they involve risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict and, in many cases, beyond Diamondback’s control. Accordingly, statements are not guarantees of future performance and Diamondback’s actual outcomes could differ materially from what Diamondback has expressed in its statements. Factors that could cause the outcomes to differ materially include (but are not limited to) the following: geopolitics and market conditions, including changes in supply and demand levels for oil, natural gas, and natural gas liquids, and the resulting impact on the price for those commodities; changes in U.S. energy, environmental, monetary and trade policies, including with respect to tariffs or other trade barriers and any resulting trade tensions; actions taken by the members of OPEC and its allies (OPEC+) affecting the production and pricing of oil, as well as other domestic and global political, economic, or diplomatic developments; changes in general economic, business or industry conditions, including changes in foreign currency exchange rates, interest rates, inflation rates, and instability in the financial markets; regional supply and demand factors, including delays, curtailment delays or interruptions of production, or governmental orders, rules or regulations that impose production limits; federal and state legislative and regulatory initiatives relating to hydraulic fracturing, including the effect of existing and future laws and governmental regulations; physical and transition risks relating to climate change, changing political and social perspectives on climate change and other environmental, social and governance factors, and risks from our publicly disclosed targets related to sustainability and emissions reduction initiatives; those risks described in Item 1A of Diamondback’s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on February 25, 2026, and those risks disclosed in its subsequent filings on Forms 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K, which can be obtained free of charge on the SEC’s website at http://www.sec.gov and Diamondback’s website at www.diamondbackenergy.com/investors. In light of these factors, the events anticipated by Diamondback’s statements may not occur at the time anticipated or at all. Moreover, Diamondback operates in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment and new risks emerge from time to time. Diamondback cannot predict all risks, nor can it assess the impact of all factors on its business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated by any statements it may make. Accordingly, you should not place undue reliance on any statements. All statements speak only as of the date of this release or, if earlier, as of the date they were made. Diamondback does not intend to, and disclaims any obligation to, update or revise any statements unless required by applicable law. SIGNATURE Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. DIAMONDBACK ENERGY, INC. Date: April 13, 2026 By: /s/ Teresa L. Dick Name: Teresa L. Dick Title: Executive Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer and Assistant Secretary