Item 1.01. Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement. On June 12, 2026, Diamondback Energy, Inc., as parent guarantor (the “Company”) and Diamondback E&P LLC (the “Borrower”) entered into a seventeenth amendment (the “Amendment”) to the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of November 1, 2013, with Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as administrative agent (the “Administrative Agent”), and the lenders party thereto (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified to the date thereof and as further amended by the Amendment, the “Credit Agreement”). The Amendment (i) extended the maturity date under the Credit Agreement from June 12, 2030 to June 12, 2031, (ii) increased the total commitments under the Credit Agreement from $2.5 billion to $3.0 billion, and (iii) amended certain other provisions of the Credit Agreement as set out in the Amendment. Additionally, the Amendment decreased the interest rate applicable to loans and certain fees payable under the Credit Agreement. The foregoing description of the Amendment does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Amendment attached hereto as Exhibit 10.1 and incorporated herein by reference. Many of the lenders under the Credit Agreement and/or their affiliates have in the past performed, and may in the future from time to time perform, investment banking, financial advisory, lending and/or commercial banking services, or other services for the Company and its subsidiaries (including in connection with the transactions described in this Current Report on Form 8-K), for which they have received, and may in the future receive, customary compensation and expense reimbursement. Item 2.03. Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant. The information included in Item 1.01 above is hereby incorporated by reference in its entirety into this Item 2.03. Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits. (d) Exhibits Exhibit Number Description 10.1* Seventeenth Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of June 12, 2026, by and among the Company, the Borrower, the lenders and other parties party thereto, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Administrative Agent. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File—the cover page XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. * Schedules have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”). The Company agrees to furnish supplementally a copy of any omitted schedule or exhibit to the SEC upon request. SIGNATURE Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. DIAMONDBACK ENERGY, INC. Date: June 15, 2026 By: /s/ Teresa L. Dick Name: Teresa L. Dick Title: Executive Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer and Assistant Secretary