BETA Close X Bytes Technology Group plc announced that its Chair, Patrick De Smedt, will retire by 30 September 2026, after serving since the company's 2020 listing. Gavin Rochussen will join as an independent Non-Executive Director and Chair-designate on 10 July 2026, bringing extensive leadership experience from roles at Polar Capital Holdings plc and J O Hambro Capital Management. Tapiwa Ngara will also join the board as a Non-Executive Director on 10 July 2026, bringing capital allocation and institutional shareholder experience from his role at Value Capital Partners and previous positions at Goldman Sachs and Vivo Energy plc. Disclaimer* Bytes Technology Group PLC 01 July 2026 This announcement contains inside information, as defined in the UK version of the Market Abuse Regulation (EU) No.596/2014, which is part of English law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018. 1 July 2026 Bytes Technology Group plc ("BTG" or "the Company") Retirement of Chair and Board appointments Retirement of Chair Bytes Technology Group plc, one of the UK and Ireland's leading software, security, AI and cloud services specialists, announces that Patrick De Smedt intends to step down from his role as Chair of the Board by 30 September 2026, allowing an orderly transition to the new Chair. Patrick has served as Chair since the Company's listing in 2020 and wishes to devote more time to other professional and personal interests. Board appointments The Board is pleased to announce the appointment of Gavin Rochussen as an independent Non-Executive Director and Chair-designate, with effect from 10 July 2026. He will become Chair upon Patrick's retirement from the Board. A further announcement will be made in due course to confirm the date on which Gavin will transition into the role of Chair. The Board is also pleased to announce the appointment of Tapiwa Ngara as a Non-Executive Director, with effect from 10 July 2026. Appointment of independent Non-Executive Director and Chair-designate Gavin brings over three decades' leadership experience, including as Chief Executive Officer ("CEO") of Polar Capital Holdings plc ("Polar Capital"), the London-listed specialist asset manager, where he led a period of disciplined growth, strategic realignment and international expansion. Gavin ensured the measured evolution of a successful founder-led organisation through a strategy of 'growth with diversification', delivering strong and sustained shareholder value creation at Polar Capital. He also served as CEO of J O Hambro Capital Management and Group CEO of Fleming Family & Partners, one of Europe's leading multi-family office platforms. Gavin has a strong record of engaging with institutional shareholders, boards and capital markets participants across the UK and internationally. Upon appointment, Gavin will serve as a member of the BTG Nomination, Remuneration and ESG Committees. Following Patrick's retirement from the Board, Gavin will succeed Patrick as Chair of the Nomination Committee. Appointment of Non-Executive Director Tapiwa is an Investment Director at Value Capital Partners (Pty) Ltd, an institutional shareholder of the Company. He is currently a Non-Executive Director of JSE-listed Altron Ltd and Sun International Ltd. Previously, he held roles in investment banking at Goldman Sachs, and in corporate development, investor relations and finance at Vivo Energy plc and Anglo American plc in London. He holds an MBA (Distinction) degree from London Business School, and the Chartered Accountant (SA) designation. Tapiwa brings capital allocation, institutional shareholder and board experience across the UK and international capital markets. Upon appointment, Tapiwa will serve as a member of the BTG Nomination Committee. In accordance with paragraphs 6.4.8R(1) to (6) of the UK Listing Rules, it is confirmed that there are no further details to be disclosed in relation to the above appointments. Erika Schraner, Senior Independent Director, commented: "On behalf of the Board, I would like to express our sincere appreciation to Patrick for his leadership and dedication over the past six years, during which time he has made a significant contribution to the Company. We respect his decision to step down and wish him all the best for the future. We are also pleased to welcome Gavin Rochussen and Tapiwa Ngara to the Board, and look forward to working with them as BTG continues to focus on execution and disciplined delivery of its strategy." Enquiries: Bytes Technology Group plc James Zaremba, Investor Relations Tel: +44 (0)1372 418 500 Email: IR@bytesplc.com Sodali & Co Elly Williamson Tilly Abraham Tel: +44 (0)2072 501446 Email: btg@info.sodali.com The Company has a primary listing on the Main Market of the London Stock Exchange and a secondary listing on the Johannesburg Stock Exchange. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Bytes Technology Group (BYIT) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 day ago Canal+ SA 1 day ago PayPoint 1 day ago Premier Miton Group 1 day ago Braemar 1 day ago Hill and Smith All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and