BETA Close X Bytes Technology Group plc has announced the admission of 99,814 ordinary shares to trading on the London Stock Exchange's Main Market, issued under the company's share plans. Following this issuance and the cancellation of shares from its repurchase program, the total number of ordinary shares in issue is now 231,788,567. These newly admitted shares are fungible with existing ordinary shares. Disclaimer* Bytes Technology Group PLC 11 August 2026 11 August 2026 Bytes Technology Group plc ("BTG" or "the Company") Notification of admission of further securities to trading In accordance with PRM 1.6.4R, BTG announces that it has issued and allotted the following ordinary shares of £0.01 each in connection with the Company's share plans. These shares have been admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange's Main Market under an existing block admission. 1. Details of the issuer a) Name Bytes Technology Group plc b) LEI 213800LA4DZLFBAC9O33 Details of the transferable securities admitted to trading 2. Regulated market XLON 3. Name, type and identification code Ordinary shares of £0.01 each GB00BMH18Q19 4. Number of further securities admitted 99,814 5. Total number of securities in issue following admission 231,788,567 (following cancellation of the ordinary shares purchased under the Company's share repurchase programme announced on 12 May 2026) 6. Confirmation that the shares are fungible with existing ordinary shares Confirmed Admission details 7. Date range of admission 04/06/26 - 07/08/26 8. Prospectus information n/a Enquiries: WK Groenewald Group Company Secretary Bytes Technology Group plc The Company has a primary listing on the Main Market of the London Stock Exchange and a secondary listing on the Johannesburg Stock Exchange. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Bytes Technology Group (BYIT) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 48 minutes ago Canal+ SA 1 hour ago PayPoint 2 hours ago Premier Miton Group 3 hours ago Braemar 3 hours ago Hill and Smith All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and