BETA Close X Bytes Technology Group plc announced a board change where the combined Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer role, held by Andrew Holden, will be split to support future growth. Andrew Holden will step down as CFO once a replacement is appointed and will then transition to solely the Chief Operating Officer role, retaining his extensive knowledge of the business. The company has initiated the recruitment process for a new Chief Financial Officer. Disclaimer* Bytes Technology Group PLC 12 May 2026 12 May 2026 Bytes Technology Group plc ("BTG" or "the Company") Board change Bytes Technology Group, one of the UK and Ireland's leading software, security, AI and cloud services specialists, announces that, following an assessment of the roles required to support the Company's next phase of growth, the Board decided to split the currently combined roles of Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer, held by Andrew Holden. As part of this change, Andrew will be standing down as Chief Financial Officer once a suitable replacement has been appointed, at which date he will step down from the Board. Thereafter , he will remain with the Company and transition into the role of Chief Operating Officer. The Board has commenced a process to recruit a new Chief Financial Officer and a further announcement will be made in due course. Patrick De Smedt, Chair, said: "On behalf of the Board, I am grateful for Andrew's contribution to BTG, including as Chief Financial Officer and Board member. We are pleased that we will be retaining his longstanding knowledge of the business and deep operational experience, and look forward to working with him in his continuing role as Chief Operating Officer once we have found a new Chief Financial Officer." Enquiries: Bytes Technology Group plc Sam Mudd, Chief Executive Officer Andrew Holden, Chief Financial Officer James Zaremba, Investor Relations Tel: +44 (0)1372 418 500 Email: IR@bytesplc.com Sodali & Co Elly Williamson Tilly Abraham Tel: +44 (0)2072 501446 Email: btg@info.sodali.com The Company has a primary listing on the Main Market of the London Stock Exchange and a secondary listing on the Johannesburg Stock Exchange. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Bytes Technology Group (BYIT) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 49 minutes ago Taseko Mines Limited NPV (DI) 49 minutes ago Taseko Mines Limited NPV (DI) 49 minutes ago Xeros Technology Group 49 minutes ago Plus500 Ltd (DI) 49 minutes ago Capital for Colleagues plc All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and