BETA Close X Bytes Technology Group PLC has applied to the London Stock Exchange for the admission of 300,000 ordinary shares of £0.01 each to the Main Market, with admission expected on June 10, 2026. These shares are being reserved under a block listing to satisfy the exercise of options granted to employees under the BTG Performance Share Plan, and upon issuance, they will rank pari passu with existing shares. Disclaimer* Bytes Technology Group PLC 04 June 2026 4 June 2026 Bytes Technology Group plc ("BTG" or "the Company") Application for Block Listing The Company confirms that an application has been made to the London Stock Exchange ("LSE") for 300,000 ordinary shares of £0.01 each ("the shares") to be admitted to trading on the Main Market of the LSE. Admission is expected to take place on 10 June 2026. The shares are being reserved under a block listing and may be issued when required to satisfy the exercise of options made to employees of the Company pursuant to the BTG Performance Share Plan. When issued, the shares will rank pari passu with the Company's existing issued shares. Enquiries: WK Groenewald Group Company Secretary Bytes Technology Group plc The Company has a primary listing on the Main Market of the London Stock Exchange and a secondary listing on the Johannesburg Stock Exchange. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Bytes Technology Group (BYIT) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 49 minutes ago Taseko Mines Limited NPV (DI) 49 minutes ago Taseko Mines Limited NPV (DI) 49 minutes ago Xeros Technology Group 49 minutes ago Plus500 Ltd (DI) 49 minutes ago Capital for Colleagues plc All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and