Disclaimer* Bytes Technology Group PLC 17 September 2026 17 September 2026 Bytes Technology Group plc (“BTG” or “the Company” or “the Group”) Half Year Trading Update Trading ahead of expectations, FY27 guidance upgraded Bytes Technology Group, one of the UK and Ireland's leading software, security, AI and cloud services specialists, is pleased to provide the following update on trading for its financial half year ended 31 August 2026 ("H1 FY27"). The Group has traded ahead of expectations in the first half of FY27, continuing the momentum built from H2 FY26. Gross Invoiced Income for the period is estimated to increase by c.19% year-on-year, with Gross Profit estimated to increase by c.18% and Operating Profit by c.6%. The Operating Profit performance reflects the impact of cost normalisation previously communicated. This reflected higher technology costs linked to strategic projects and a return to more normalised bonus levels. As a result of the strong first half performance, the Board now expects Gross Profit growth for the full year in the low to mid-teens, with low to mid single-digit Operating Profit growth. BTG's net cash position at the end of H1 FY27 was c.£68m, after returning £41.3m to shareholders through the payment of the FY26 final dividend of £16.3m and £25.0m of share repurchases under the Group's buyback programme. Cash conversion for the first half was around 45% (H1 FY26: 34%), reflecting the Group's normal weighting towards the second half of the financial year. Notice of Interim Results BTG will publish its H1 FY27 results on 13 October 2026. Sam Mudd, Chief Executive Officer, said: "We are pleased with the positive momentum in the first half across both our private and public sector businesses. Customer demand for software, cloud and security solutions has remained strong, and AI is becoming a more meaningful driver of growth in our core business areas. During the period, we continued to invest in our technology platforms and our people to support future growth, enhance our capabilities and strengthen the quality of service we provide to customers. We remain confident in the Group's strategy and the strength of our customer and vendor relationships. As a result, we have upgraded our expectations for FY27." -Ends- Enquiries: Bytes Technology Group plc Sam Mudd, Chief Executive Officer Andrew Holden, Chief Financial Officer Jack Bradshaw, Investor Relations Email: IR@bytesplc.com Sodali & Co Elly Williamson Tilly Abraham Tel: +44 (0)2072 501446 Email: btg@info.sodali.com About Bytes Technology Group plc: BTG is one of the UK and Ireland’s leading providers of IT software offerings and solutions, with a focus on cloud, security and AI products. The Company enables effective and cost-efficient technology sourcing, adoption and management across software services, including in the areas of security and cloud. It aims to deliver the latest technology to a diverse and embedded non-consumer customer base and has a long track record of delivering strong financial performance. The Company has a primary listing on the Main Market of the London Stock Exchange and a secondary listing on the Johannesburg Stock Exchange. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Bytes Technology Group (BYIT) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 2 hours ago Mcbride 2 hours ago Trufin 2 days ago Schroder Real Estate Investment Trust Ltd 2 days ago Barclays 2 days ago Diageo All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and