BETA Close X Bytes Technology Group PLC has published its 2026 Annual Report and Accounts, following the release of its audited results for the year ended 28 February 2026. The company's Annual General Meeting will be held on Thursday, 9 July 2026, with shareholders encouraged to submit proxy forms by Tuesday, 7 July 2026. The last day to trade for eligibility to attend and vote differs for shareholders on the South African register (Thursday, 2 July 2026) and the UK register (Friday, 3 July 2026). The full report and notice are available on the company's website and will be submitted to the Financial Conduct Authority. Disclaimer* Bytes Technology Group PLC 27 May 2026 27 May 2026 Bytes Technology Group plc ("BTG", "the Company") Annual Report and Accounts and Notice of Annual General Meeting Following the release on 12 May 2026 of the Company's audited results for the year ended 28 February 2026, BTG announces that it has published its 2026 Annual Report and Accounts. The Company also announces that its 2026 Annual General Meeting ("AGM") will be held at 14:00 (BST) on Thursday, 9 July 2026 at Bytes House, Randalls Way, Leatherhead KT22 7TW, UK. Whether or not you plan to attend the AGM in person, shareholders are encouraged to complete and submit a form of proxy in accordance with the instructions printed on the form contained in the Notice of AGM, to be received by 14:00 (BST)/15:00 (SAST) on Tuesday, 7 July 2026. The Company welcomes questions from shareholders on the business of the AGM, or other matters relating to the Company, which can be submitted by email to IR@bytesplc.com by 14:00 (BST)/15:00 (SAST) on Tuesday, 7 July 2026. - Shareholders on the South African register of the Company: The last day to trade in order to be eligible to attend and vote at the AGM is Thursday, 2 July 2026. - Shareholders on the UK register of the Company: The last day to trade in order to be eligible to attend and vote at the AGM is Friday, 3 July 2026. - The record date to determine which shareholders will be eligible to attend and vote at the AGM is Tuesday, 7 July 2026. The 2026 Annual Report and Accounts and Notice of AGM are also available to view and download on the Company's website at www.bytesplc.com/investors . Hard copies will be mailed to those shareholders who have elected to continue to receive paper communications. In compliance with UKLR 6.4.1 copies of the below documents will be submitted to the Financial Conduct Authority via the National Storage Mechanism and will shortly be available for inspection at https://data.fca.org.uk/#/nsm/nationalstoragemechanism . - 2026 Annual Report and Accounts - Notice of Annual General Meeting Enquiries WK Groenewald Group Company Secretary Bytes Technology Group plc Tel: +44 (0)1372 418 992 The Company has a primary listing on the Main Market of the London Stock Exchange and a secondary listing on the Johannesburg Stock Exchange. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Bytes Technology Group (BYIT) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 49 minutes ago Taseko Mines Limited NPV (DI) 49 minutes ago Taseko Mines Limited NPV (DI) 49 minutes ago Xeros Technology Group 49 minutes ago Plus500 Ltd (DI) 49 minutes ago Capital for Colleagues plc All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and