BETA Close X Bytes Technology Group plc has announced that following the settlement of purchases and cancellation of ordinary voting shares under its Share Repurchase Programme, its issued share capital will now consist of 232,133,114 Shares, with no shares held in treasury. This results in a total of 232,133,114 voting rights, which shareholders can use as the denominator for calculating their notification obligations under the Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rules. Disclaimer* Bytes Technology Group PLC 03 August 2026 3 August 2026 Bytes Technology Group plc ("the Company") Total Voting Rights In accordance with the Financial Conduct Authority's Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rules, the Company announces the following information. Following settlement of purchases and cancellation of purchased ordinary voting shares of £0.01 each ("Shares"), pursuant to the Share Repurchase Programme announced on 12 May 2026, the Company's issued share capital will comprise 232,133,114 Shares. The Company does not hold any Shares in treasury. The total number of voting rights attributable to the Shares is therefore 232,133,114. The above figure may be used by shareholders as the denominator for the calculations by which they will determine if they are required to notify their interest in, or a change to their interest in, the Shares under the Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rules. Enquiries: WK Groenewald Group Company Secretary Bytes Technology Group plc The Company has a primary listing on the Main Market of the London Stock Exchange and a secondary listing on the Johannesburg Stock Exchange. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Bytes Technology Group (BYIT) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 day ago Canal+ SA 1 day ago PayPoint 1 day ago Premier Miton Group 1 day ago Braemar 1 day ago Hill and Smith All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and