BETA Close X Bytes Technology Group plc announced that Patrick De Smedt will retire as Chair of the Board on September 4, 2026, and Gavin Rochussen, who joined as an independent Non-Executive Director and Chair-designate on July 10, 2026, will succeed him, also taking over as Chair of the Nomination Committee. The company expressed gratitude to Mr. De Smedt for his contributions and leadership. Disclaimer* Bytes Technology Group PLC 03 September 2026 3 September 2026 Bytes Technology Group plc ("the Company") Chair transition Further to previous announcements, Bytes Technology Group plc, one of the UK and Ireland's leading software, security, AI and cloud services specialists, confirms that on 4 September 2026, Patrick De Smedt will retire from his role as Chair of the Board and Gavin Rochussen, who was appointed to the Board as an independent Non-Executive Director and Chair-designate on 10 July 2026, will succeed him. Gavin will also assume the role of Chair of the Nomination Committee. The Board would again like to thank Patrick for his significant contribution and leadership and wishes him well for the future. Enquiries: Bytes Technology Group plc WK Groenewald Group Company Secretary Sodali & Co Elly Williamson Tilly Abraham Tel: +44 (0)2072 501446 Email: btg@info.sodali.com The Company has a primary listing on the Main Market of the London Stock Exchange and a secondary listing on the Johannesburg Stock Exchange. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Bytes Technology Group (BYIT) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 day ago Ondo Insurtech 1 day ago Ondo Insurtech 1 day ago Sunbelt Rentals Holdings, Inc. 1 day ago Savannah Energy 1 day ago Savills All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and