BETA Close X Bytes Technology Group plc announced that its Chief Executive Officer, Sam Mudd, purchased 25,000 ordinary shares at 413.0864 pence per share, and Independent Non-Executive Director Gavin Rochussen bought 100,000 ordinary shares at 415.79 pence per share on 13 July 2026. These on-market share purchases by key management personnel indicate confidence in the company's future prospects. Disclaimer* Bytes Technology Group PLC 14 July 2026 Bytes Technology Group plc ("the Company") NOTIFICATION AND PUBLIC DISCLOSURE OF TRANSACTIONS BY PERSONS DISCHARGING MANAGERIAL RESPONSIBILITIES ("PDMR") 14 July 2026 The Company was notified on 13 July 2026 that the following Directors/PDMRs bought ordinary shares in the Company. The information contained in this notification is provided in accordance with the requirements of Article 19 of the UK Market Abuse Regulation. 1. Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities/person closely associated a) Name Sam Mudd 2. Reason for the notification a) Position / status Chief Executive Officer b) Initial notification / amendment Initial Notification 3. Details of the issuer or emission allowance market participant a) Name Bytes Technology Group plc b) LEI 213800LA4DZLFBAC9O33 4. Details of the transaction(s) a) Description of the financial instrument Identification code Ordinary shares of 1 pence GB00BMH18Q19 b) Nature of the transaction Purchase of shareholding via on-market trade c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price: 413.0864p Volume: 25,000 d) Aggregated information - A ggregated volume - Price n/a e) Date of the transaction 13 July 2026 f) Place of the transaction London Stock Exchange 1. Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities/person closely associated a) Name Gavin Rochussen 2. Reason for the notification a) Position / status Independent Non-Executive Director b) Initial notification / amendment Initial Notification 3. Details of the issuer or emission allowance market participant a) Name Bytes Technology Group plc b) LEI 213800LA4DZLFBAC9O33 4. Details of the transaction(s) a) Description of the financial instrument Identification code Ordinary shares of 1 pence GB00BMH18Q19 b) Nature of the transaction Purchase of shareholding via on-market trade c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price: 415.79p Volume: 100,000 d) Aggregated information - A ggregated volume - Price n/a e) Date of the transaction 13 July 2026 f) Place of the transaction London Stock Exchange Enquiries: WK Groenewald Tel: +44 (0)1372 418 992 Group Company Secretary Bytes Technology Group plc The Company has a primary listing on the Main Market of the London Stock Exchange and a secondary listing on the Johannesburg Stock Exchange. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Bytes Technology Group (BYIT) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 day ago Canal+ SA 1 day ago PayPoint 1 day ago Premier Miton Group 1 day ago Braemar 1 day ago Hill and Smith All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and