Technology
Group

@ BYTES

Annual Report
and Accounts

*AD670MX7*
Bi
MPANI

<
3
z
ia
A8 28/06/2024 #242
col IES HOUSE

. Delivering progress
~ through technology

Contents 1

Strategic report

BTG ata glance

Our business

4
6

9

10
12
14
16

Chair's statement

CEO's review

Our business model

Our strategy

Our market environment

Feature — Advising our customers

Measuring progress —
key performance indicators

Review of the year

20
22
26
30
32
36
38
44

53
63

64
65

CFO's introduction
Operational review

Financial review
Sustainability review

Our people

Our communities

Our planet

Task Force on Climate-related
Financial Disclosures (TCFO)
Risk report

Non-financial information and
sustainability information statement
Our viability statement
Section 172 statement

66

Governance report

72
75
76
78

83
94
98

102
128
132

Chair's introduction to
corporate governance

Board of directors

Executive Committee

The Board's year
Stakeholder engagement
(s.172 compliance)

Audit Committee report
Nomination Committee report
Compliance with the UK
Corporate Governance Code
Directors’ remuneration report
Directors’ report

Statement of directors’
responsibilities

134

Financial statements

136
146
150

182
184

Independent auditor's report
Consolidated financial statements
Notes to the consolidated

financial statements

Parent company financial statements
Notes to the financial statements

Other information

194
195
196
196

Glossary

Appendix

Company information
Financial calendar

As a creative and innovative business,

we helo our customers and our

people get the most out of the

transformative technologies

that are shaping our world today.

Sam Mudd
CEO

Advising
our customers

We build lasting, trust-based relationships
with customers, providing them with
the solutions they need.

Read more on page 14

Annual Report and Accounts 2023/24

Partnering
with our vendors

We work hand in hand with world-leading
technology vendors to deliver the
best results for our customers,

Read more on page 25

Mentoring
our people

We strive to continually develop
our people and keep them
engaged and fulfilled.

Read more on page 35

1LYOd3Y JONVNY3AOD 1HOdaY DIDSLVELS

SLN3W3LVLS IWIONWNIS

BTG AT AGLANCE

Gross invoiced income (GIl)'

£1,823.0m

(2023: £1,439.3m) +26.7%

Revenue?

£207.0m

(2023: £184.4m) +12.3%

Gross profit
£145.8m

(2023: £129.6m) +12.5%

Average gross profit per customer

£24,400

(2023: £21,800) +11.9%

Operating profit

£56.7m

(2023: £50.9m) +11.4%

Adjusted operating profit?

£63.3m

(2023: £56.4m) +12.2%

Employees Customers ’
1,057 5978
(up from 930) (up from 5,941)

1 ‘Gross invoiced income’ (Gil) is a non-IFAS financial measure thal reflects gross income billed to customers,
adjusted for deterred and accrued revenue items. The reconciliation of Gil to revenue is Set out in note 3(b)

to the consolidated financial statements.

"Revenue is reported in accordance with IFRS 15 Revenue from Contracts with Customers. Under this standard,
the Group is required to exercise judgement to determine whether the Group is acting as principal or agent in
performing its contractual obligations. Revenue in respect of contracts for which the Group is determined to be
‘acting as an agent is recognised on a ‘net basis, that s, the gross profit achieved on the contract and not the
{gross income billed to the customer.

“Adjusted operating profit’is a non-IFRS alternative performance measure that excludes trom operating profit the
effects of significant items of expenditure that are non-recurring events or do not reftect our underlying operations,
Amortisation of acquired intangible assets and share-based payment charges are excluded. The reconciliation

of adjusted aperating profit lo operating proftis set out in note 2(b) to the consolidated financial statements.

2 Bytes Technology Group pic

Bytes Technology Group plc
(BTG) is one of the UK and
lreland’s leading software, security,
Al and cloud services specialists.

Strong history,
strong prospects

41HOd3Y OIDSLVuLS

1LYOd3¥ 3ONVNY3AOD

We're made up of two companies with one
shared culture: Bytes Software Services (Bytes),
which supports corporate and public sector
organisations, and Phoenix Software (Phoenix),
focusing primarily on the public sector.

/ SIN3W3LVIS WIONVNIS Via

Our purpose is to empower and inspire our
people to fulfil their potential, so they can help
our customers make smarter buying decisions and
meet their business objectives through technology.

Annual Report and Accounts 2023/24 3

OUR BUSINESS

Chair’s statement

Our people’s passion for our customers and for technology shone
through in 2023/24, helping us achieve strong financial performance
and setting us up well for the future under our new CEO, Sam Mudd.

Navigating a change of CEO

On 10 May 2024, BTG announced the
appointment of new CEO Sam Mudd, whose
wealth of experience in technology and senior
leadership complements and enhances the
existing skills and experience of the Board.
Sam was initially appointed as Interim CEO
following the resignation with immediate
effect of former CEO, Neil Murphy, on

21 February 2024. While these circumstances
brought considerable challenges, they have
also been an opportunity to strengthen our
Board and our governance processes, which
will remain an area of the upmostimportance
for the Board over the coming year.

>> You will find detailed disclosure on
this and other related Board changes
in my introduction to corporate
governance on pages 68 to 71.

Our thanks to the team

We achieved our aim of double-digit growth across our
main metrics, gaining market share and demonstrating
the resilience of our business model, despite the
uncertainty in the business world, with concerns
about high interest rates and global conflict stalling
investment in many sectors. But there's another key
factor that allowed us to achieve these financial
results, and our impressive customer net promoter
scores and vendor accreditations and awards. That
factor is our people, whose commitment, hard work,
passion and contribution to good causes are such
important parts of our culture. | know | speak for my
fellow directors in saying how very proud and grateful
we are for what they accomplished during the year.

New Board members to support our growth
We welcomed two new directors to Board in the year.
The promotion of Sam Mudd to the Board in July 2023
made her subsequent move into the role of CEO a
natural evolution for BTG. Sam has an impressive
track record. As Managing Director (MD) of Phoenix
she led the tremendous growth of that business, and
is a role model for women across BTG. On the Board,
she has proved herself to be an inspiring fellow director.

Bytes Technology Group plc

Alison Vincent stepped down as a non-executive
director at the end of her three-year term this year,

so we were delighted to welcome Shruthi Chindalur as
a non-executive director at the start of February 2024.
Shruthi brings a wealth of commercial and operational
experience in the technology sector to the role. She
also takes on the role of designated non-executive
director for employee engagement. We also announced
the resignation with immediate effect of Mike Phillips
as a non-executive director towards the end of March.

On 1 June 2024, we will also welcome Ross Paterson
and Anna Vikstrém Persson as independent
non-executive directors, adding even more to the skills
and experience of the Board. Ross will become Chair of
the Audit Committee, while Anna will become Chair of the
newly constituted ESG Committee. You can find details
about Ross and Anna's expertise at bytesplc.com.

Engaging and investing in

people for the long term

Engaging with our stakeholders is an important cultural
attribute of our company, and an example of how we
take a long-term perspective. We listen closely to our
customers and our employees, and I'm pleased that the
respective net promoter scores of 82 and 71 remain
high. We held a Board meeting in our City of London
office this year, for example, and so had an opportunity
to talk to our employees there, which was greatly
insightful. Our most senior executives also spend a lot
of time talking to investors. This all gives us confidence
as we continue to invest in our systems, in developing
new services and, especially, in our people.

To support our future growth, we've expanded our
headcount by 13.7% this year. Itis also important to
make sure we increase the management capabilities as

Shareholder dividends

BTG's dividend policy is to distribute 40%

of post-tax pre-exceptional earnings to
shareholders. The Board is pleased to propose
a gross final dividend of 6.0 pence per share.
The proposed dividend is £14.4 million, Given
the company's continued strong performance
and cash generation, we are also proposing a
cash return to shareholders with a special
dividend of 8.7 pence per share, equating to
£20.9 million. if approved by shareholders, the
final and special dividend will be paid on

2 August 2024.

Diversity on the Board

As of the date of this Annual Report, we are
aligned to the FCA Listing Rules, with 60%
women on the Board and atleast one director
from a minority ethnic background. We also
have women in the roles of CEO and senior
independent director.

Annual Report and Accounts 2023/24

our workforce grows. Besides ongoing training and
promotion, we have been assessing leadership skills
this year to identity gaps, so we can implement the
necessary development and coaching programmes. At
the same time, Sam, in her previous role as MD Phoenix,
set up a female leadership acceleration programme,
which the Phoenix leadership team is continuing.

Monitoring the opportu:
and risks from Al products

Turning to Board activity, we've been focused on monitoring
the vast potential of the emerging technologies around
artificial intelligence (Al), both for our business internally
and externally as we support our customers. This year
we've been increasing the use of Al-enabled tools in

our operations, to see how they can help us be more
productive. The feedback we've had from people is
promising. Our customers have also shown lots of interest
in Al-supported products, especially Microsoft 365 Copilot.

For us, the emerging technology presents an opportunity
—to help customers prepare for Al. We are positioned not
just to provide licences to customers, but also to help
them consider the potential of the technology and to put
the requisite security and data management practices in
place before deploying it.

Our commitment to sustainability

Ittakes more than great products and services to make a
great company - you need a commitment to sustainability,
which means looking after people, governance and, of
course, the planet, given the considerable challenges

of climate change. This is a focus area for the Board and,
as noted earlier, we are setting up a Board-level ESG
Committee, with effect from 1 June 2024. During the
year, our Group sustainability manager helped guide our
journey to net zero, and ensure a coordinated approach
between our two businesses. We also submitted our
carbon reduction targets to the Science Based Targets
initiative and expanded our efforts to calculate all our
Scope 3 emissions for the first time, both of which are
important milestones.

Aconfident outlook

Looking ahead, we are confident about our prospects,
and excited by the refreshed skills and experience on the
executive team and the Board. We see encouraging
growth opportunities in cloud migration and the hybrid
cloud environment, in our security solutions business
and in Al-enabled tools. Strong foundations, an excellent
management team and a broad range of talent across
the business mean the Board is looking forward to
supporting and challenging the executive to achieve
another year of success.

Patrick De Smedt
Chair
22 May 2024

180d] JIDSiveLS

J SIN3W3LVLS swan ‘14Od3Y¥ SONVNY3A09

OUR BUSINESS

CEO’s review

This was a year in which we showed our resilience as a company.

In a time of geopolitical and macroeconomic challenges, and Board
and leadership changes, our business proved strong, dependable
and agile, allowing us to extend our long run of double-digit growth.

By investing in our great people, our culture and
the technical capability to deliver the solutions
that our customers need, we are well placed

for our growth to continue.

I'm very excited to be part of that growth, having been
appointed as BTG's new CEO. What has become even
clearer in the past few months is the strength of our
relationships with customers and the depth of our
vendor partnerships. All this is underpinned by the
quality of our people, who | truly believe are some of
the best in the industry. It's an honour to lead them
and the wider company in its next chapter.

Robust demand drives strong financial
year performance

BTG's performance this year was strong and in
line with expectations, in keeping with our track
record since listing in 2020. Though the broader
business environment was at times challenging,
the demand for the wide-ranging suite of products
and services we provide, especially cloud services
and cybersecurity, remained robust in both the
corporate and public sectors. We saw double-digit
growth in both operations of Bytes and Phoenix.

Gross invoiced income (Gil) rose by 26.7% to

£1.8 billion, and profit before tax increased by 22.2%
to £61. million, as we continued to increase the share
of our customers’ business. These results are testament
to the commitment of our people - their ongoing
willingness to go above and beyond for our customers
is a constant inspiration. | would like to take this
opportunity to thank them for all their hard work.

Doing more for our customers

To maintain our edge in a competitive market, we
aim to provide the highest level of service to our
customers, offering the right, cost-effective advice
for their needs and expert guidance when it comes
tonew technologies. This commitment to quality and
our ability to get things done is crucial if we are to
achieve our ultimate strategic goal each year, which
is to do more business with our existing customers
and to win new ones.

Bytes Technology Group pic

We increased our gross profit (GP) from existing
customers by 109%, and added £5.1 million of GP

from new customers, with our total customer base now
being just short of 6,000. Besides continued success
in the corporate sector, we won several long-term,
large-value contracts in the public sector, including

the NHS and HMRC. The new five-year agreement with
the NHS, for example, has a sales value of £775 million
over the life of the contract, supporting our longer-term
growth ambitions. We have a track record of growing
the profitability of these contracts over time, and
opening up other software, hardware and

service opportunities.

Even after our impressive Gll growth of 26.7%
this year, our share of the overall total addressable
market in the UKis still less than 4%. This, along with
our high customer net promoter score of 82, gives
us a lot of confidence that we can keep winning new
customers, while deepening relationships with those
we already serve

The potential of tools supported by Al

In our sector, agility is crucial: when new technologies
emerge, we must be ready to help customers prepare
for and adapt to them. We have already seen strong
interest from our customers in Al-enabled software
solutions, such as Microsoft 365 Copilot, which use
the power of large language models and a user's data to
help improve productivity. And while we understand their
excitement, we're also urging caution. We believe that
careful consideration and planning is essential before
implementing Al products. This includes putting in
place the right guidelines, frameworks and guard rails
for data protection and security, and providing training
for users. By doing things in the right sequence, the
positive outcomes can be far greater.

We've been following this approach ourselves,
which will help us provide even better support to our
customers. During the last few months of the year,
100 people at BTG, including myself and many of
our senior managers, enrolled in Microsoft's early
access programme for Copilot. As we advance our
understanding of these tools, we are very optimistic
about the technology, and plan to gradually roll it

out to the majority of our employees in line with the
considered approach that we advise our customers
to take. We believe that, over time, adopting Al in this
measured, careful way will make our organisation
more productive, help us respond more quickly to
our customers and other stakeholders, free up time
for creativity and innovation, and give us a head start
in advising customers on how to implement Copilot.
Ultimately, then, our approach positions us well to be
a leader in the implementation of Al and so drive our
growth for the rest of the decade, and beyond. When
we look back at this pivotal moment in years to come,
we will have played our role in helping our customers
to benefit from this new wave of technology.

Annual Report and Accounts 2023/24

Investment case

Proven track record and growth strategy
We have a long track record of delivering strong financial
performance, enabled by highly motivated employees delivering
the latest technology to a diverse and loyal customer base.

Our strategy is to grow organically by doing more with existing
customers and winning new customers - this supports strong
free cash flow that allows us to invest in our businesses.

6-year GP compound average growth rate
%

18%

Customers served in 2023/24

5,978

Attractive market positioning

We have strategic relationships and partnerships with many
of the world’s leading software vendors and distribution
channels. This includes a long and deeply embedded
relationship with Microsoft, as one of its largest partners

in the UK by revenue.

Number of vendors and distributors

>800

One of the biggest UK partners with Microsoft by revenue

Compelling growth opportunity
We operate in a vast, growing market, boosted by technological
tailwinds from digital transformation agendas, cloud products,
cybersecurity and Al-enabled tools. Our share of our total
addressable market is less than 4%, so we have plenty of

room to grow.

Strong GIl growth

26.7%

Strong team culture

Our dynamic culture drives our operational excellence

and high employee retention rates. Our culture also

increases sales productivity, customer satisfaction and repeat
business.

Employee net promoter score

71

“N

1HOdayu oroauwans\,

LYOd3Y¥ JONVNYSAOD

J SLN3WALVLS IIONVNIS Val

OUR BUSINESS

CEO's review continued

Staying true to our culture

Driving growth is only possible with a brilliant, highly
engaged team with a can-do attitude. When BTG
was formed at our IPO in December 2020 we were
650 people; this year we celebrated passing the
1,000-employee mark, attracting great talent in

a competitive market for skills. During the year, our
headcount grew by 13.7% as we looked to make
sure we have the right number of people with the
right technical and commercial skills for where

the market will be in the coming years.

Though we have grown significantly over the
years, we're always mindful of the importance of
maintaining the ‘family’ culture that has brought us
so much success. That means recognising every
employee as an individual who needs to be guided,
motivated, challenged and offered a clear career
path. We encourage a workplace culture where
employees gain value and personal satisfaction

from their work. This can lead to substantial benefits
for both individual and organisation, and promote
wellbeing and productivity. We continually aim to
create an environment where these outcomes can be
achieved and where people can thrive and be fulfilled.

Our approach to flexible working is one example of
how we do this. Some companies, including in the
technology sector, prefer their staff back in the office
full time. In contrast, we believe that face-to-face
interaction and collaboration is important to maintain
our culture, and we have plenty of people who are

in the office five days a week, because they like the
environment and work well that way. But we have others
who prefer to work from home for part of the week,
because it suits their personality and circumstances
or the type of work they do. We learnt during the
pandemic that everyone will find their own best way
of working, and of being productive. As long as it
continues to deliver the right results, then we're happy.

Deepening ties with our vendors

Just like with our people, building lasting
relationships is crucial when it comes to our many
vendors, including our largest and longest-standing
partner, Microsoft, with which we continued to
deepen our relationship this year. | was really
pleased to get the opportunity to meet Microsoft's
CEO, Satya Nadella, and many senior Microsoft
executives when I went to Seattle for the awards
ceremony for Phoenix winning Microsoft Global
Modern Endpoint Management Partner of the Year
for 2023. By working closely with our vendors over
many years, and investing in our capabilities to stay
atiead of the technology curve, we benefit rom early
access to new product development, such as Copilot
We also get to take part in high-level discussions that
help influence our strategic thinking and awareness
of market opportunities.

This year, we strengthened our partnership with
Cloud Bridge Technologies, an Amazon Web
Services (AWS) partner. In April 2023, we acquired
an interest in Cloud Bridge, and this investment gives
us access to resources that will help underpin our
multicloud strategy in the coming years.

Strengthening our commitment
to the environment

Another area in which we look to the outside world,
and the expectations of businesses today, is
sustainability. The environment, and climate change
in particular, is becoming an ever-bigger issue for all
businesses - and rightly so, as the world looks for a
manageable transition to net zero. We're particularly
mindful of the impact on the environment of growth in
technologies like Al, which require vast computing
power and cloud storage and consume a lot of
energy. And so, while as a company we're not a big
carbon emitter, we're doing everything we can to
mitigate our impact. I'm pleased with our progress
this year: we expanded our Scope 3 reporting,

and submitted our carbon reduction targets to

the Science Based Targets initiative for validation

The road ahead

I'm excited about the prospects for 2024/25 as we
continue to work with our customers to be more
productive through advancements in technology.

We believe that tailwinds will continue to favour our
industry, as companies look to the latest technologies,
including Al, to become more efficient, and as

the cybersecurity threat continues to grow. More
important to us, however, are the investments and
innovations we're making to support that growth:
increasing our technical skills, expanding our teams
while maintaining our strong culture, strengthening
our vendor relationships and building new services
and solutions. Together, these investments are setting
us up strongly for the years to come, and | look
forward to the future with great optimism.

=. rve__anelk

Sam Mudd
CEO
22 May 2024

Bytes Technology Group plc

Our business model

What we do

We're a value-added IT reseller, focusing on cloud and security software developed by leading vendors.
We also provide professional and managed IT services, and hardware, to deliver complete tailored solutions.

414o0day oroaawass\

Bytes Technology Group Bytes Software Services Phoenix Software
comprises two independent and focuses on corporate enterprise clients, serves mainly public sector customers.
complementary operating companies. small to medium-sized businesses and

public sector customers.

2
°
<
a
3
5

Our corporate centre drives strategy and provides guidance and support on finance, governance, é
legal compliance, and sustainability, ensuring our organisation's smooth operation and success. m
im
8
Why we’re different How we do it differently a
We build lasting, mutually beneficial partnerships with We live by our values in all we do: be passionate, act
our employees, customers and vendors - this enables with integrity, work together, be kind and respectful,
us to achieve consistent growth. get business done and have fun doing it.
2
Our people Putting customers first 2
We employ people who are passionate about technology and We're trusted because we understand our customers and é
our customers, including many who are long serving and have always act in their best interest. We work with them to provide >
a high level of technical skills. the right advice for their needs so they can make smarter D
hi g
Our experience and expertise buying decisions and meet their business objectives 3
through technology. m
With more than 30 years of serving the UK IT market, - <
we have accumulated vast knowledge and expertise. Unique team culture z
Our leadership team is highly experienced. We're proud of our dynamic, enjoyable and supportive a
culture. Our people foster talent, enthusiasm, confidence

Our vendors and broad product portfolio
and team spirit.

We have deep relationships with many of the world's biggest
software companies. We were one of Microsoft's first resellers
in the UK, and are one of its largest UK partners by revenue. We empower and inspire our employees to fulfil their potential,
training them on the latest technologies and providing a clear
career path. We strive to stay ahead of the technology curve by
We serve customers across the corporate and public sectors, developing new solutions to meet customers’ emerging needs.
many of whom have been with us for a long time. Our strategy
is to grow by doing more with our existing customers each year,
and to win new ones. Our commitment to sustainability goes beyond our concerted
efforts to cut carbon emissions: volunteering and fundraising
for good causesis an integral part of our culture.

How this creates value

Continual investment in our people and technology

Our trusted relationships with a broad base of customers

Sustainable approach

Customers Employees Shareholders Communities Vendors
Engaged partnerships, Fulfilled, engaged Consistent dividends Contribution to Trusted partnerships
supporting customers’ _ employees in an in line with policy and local employment and shared knowledge
growth aspirations enjoyable, healthy attractive returns from and communities

and ethical workplace special dividends
Q. as 18.5% 1,500
82 71 mo

3-year CAGR hours volunteered

Annual Report and Accounts 2023/24 9

OUR BUSINESS

Our strategy

We aim to grow organically by winning new customers
and doing more for existing customers. We will
complement this approach, as appropriate, with
carefully selected acquisitions that boost our value.

Our strategy is rooted firmly in our meaningful
values and in our purpose, which is
to empower and inspire our people to

fulfil their potential, so they can help
our customers make smarter buying
decisions and meet their business
objectives through technology.

Underpinning this foundation are our
long-standing, trust-based relationships
with our customers and vendors, our
investment in our people, and our dynamic,
customer-focused culture. Our strategy

is linked to, and measured by, our key
performance indicators

Winning new customers

683

customers delivering £5.1m
new gross profit

Doing more for
existing customers

£11.1m

additional gross profit generated @@ From Al to cybersecurity, technology

from existing customers continues to advance rapidly. We invest
in innovation to help our customers stay
ahead of the pace of change, manage the
risks and make the most of the benefits.

Sam Mudd
CEO

10 . Bytes Technology Group pic