Bytes Technology Group

Bringing people and
technology together

<

4

z

om *AE45VR60*
A A05 06/06/2025 #145
( COMPANIES HOUSE

Our year in numbers

£2,099.8m

Gross invoiced income (GIl)'
(2024: £1,823.0m) +15.2%

£217.1m

Revenue?
(2024: 207.0m) +4.9%

£163.3m

Gross profit (GP)
(2024: £145.8m) +12.0%

£27,600

Average gross profit per customer
(2024: £25,000)* +10.4%

£66.4m

Operating profit
(2024: £56.7m) +17.1%

1 Gross invoiced income (Gil)is a non-IFRS financial measure that reflects gross
income billed to customers, adjusted lor deferred and accrucd revenue items.
The reconciliation of Gil to revenue is set out in note 3{b) to the consolidated
financial statements,

2. Revenues reported in accordance with IFRS 15 Revenue from Contracts with
Customers, Under this standard, the Group is required lo exercise judgement to
determine whether the Group is acting as principal or agent in pertorming its
contractual obligations. Revenue in respect of contracts for which the Groupis
determined to be acting as an agents recognised on a ‘net’ basis, thatis, the gross
profil achieved on the contract rather than the gross income billed to the customer.

3 2023/24 average GP per customer has been revised {rom £24,400 in the Annuat
Report and Accounts for 2023/24 to remove year-on-year fluctuations caused
by very small customer variations under a single parent,

Contents

Strategic report

Our business

01 Thisis Bytes Technology Group
06 — Chair's statement
08 CEO's review
~ Our strategy
~ Investment case
12 Measuring progress -
key performance indicators
14 Ourstrategy in action
Review of the year
18 Our market environment
20 CFO's introduction
- Our business model
23 Operational review
28 Financial review
34 — Sustainability review
~- Our people
= Our communities
— Our planet
47 Risk report

Disclosure statements

$8

68
72

73
74

Task Force on Climate-related Financial
Disclosures (TCFD)

Additional environmental disclosures
Non-financial and sustainability
information statement

Viability statement

Section 172 statement

Governance report

76
78
81
82
86

- 92.-

102
106
108

112
131
135

Chair's introduction to corporate governance
Board of directors

Executive Committee

The Board's year

Stakeholder engagement (s.172 compliance)
Audit Committee report’ * Te
Nomination Committee report

ESG Committee report

Compliance with the UK
Corporate Governance Code

Oirectors' remuneration report
Directors’ report
Statement of directors' responsibilities

Financial statements

137 Independent auditor's report

147 Consolidated financial statements

151 Notes to the consolidated financial statements
186 Parent company financial statements

188 Notes to the financial statements

Other information

197 Glossary

199 Company information

199. Financial calendar

This is Bytes Technology Group

The world runs on technology — and
it’s evolving at a breathtaking speed.
A mobile phone is now a powerful
computer. Data storage has moved
from in-house to the cloud. Al has
swiftly gone from science fiction

to being an integral part of daily
lives — and it’s only the beginning.
Digital information is now so valuable
it is under constant and ever more
sophisticated attack.

Technology is a source of competitive advantage. It's not
just about staying safe — it's about staying ahead. At BTG,
we strive to make it easier, helping organisations
succeed in a world of change, through trusted
partnerships and transformative technology.

We’re a value-added We serve around
IT reseller focused on:

Subscription software 6 O O O
Security 5

IT services
Al customers in
Cloud-based solutions the corporate

Hybrid infrastructure and public sectors

Annual Report and Accounts 2024/25

1H0d3u DIDa1vuLs ©

We're made up of two companies bound
by one dynamic, customer-focused culture

From our beginnings Bytes Software Services (Bytes) and
; : Phoenix Software (Phoenix). Today,
Ina shop outside as one of the UK and Ireland's leading
Epsom in 1982, we software, security, Al and cloud services

listed in London’ as

specialists, we continue to expand, with nine
offices and more than 1,200 employees

a constituent of the who we empower and inspire to fulfil their
FTSE 250 in 2020. potential. Many of our colleagues have been

with us a long time, becoming experts in
their fields and growing with our customers

1 The company has a primarylisting on the Main Market of the London Stock

Exchange and a secondary listing on the Johannesburg Stock Exchange ©) Read more about how colleagues are
central to our success on page 36.

Our offices

Sunderland

London

P Head office
Portsmouth Leatherhead

We have more than

1,200

talented colleagues

Bytes Technology Group ple

We have a simple but powerful

business model.

We derive our gross profit from two main
sources: margin and fees. Where we invoice
our customers, we pay the vendor and make
a margin on the products sold. This margin
is often enhanced through rebates from

our vendors. Where the vendor invoices our
customers directly, the vendor pays us a fee
related to the licensing advice and sales
support we provide to the customer. We also
generate profit by providing professional and
managed IT services to our customers, often
aligned to the software we sell to them. Where
the solutions are strategically important to
our vendors, they may pay us additional fees.

What our model delivers

What makes us unique is how everyone at BTG
turns that simple model into one that's truly
value added. Alongside our deep technical
expertise and support services, we live by our
values in everything we do: being passionate,
acting with integrity, working together, being
kind and respeciful, and getting business done
while having fun doing it. Our results speak
for themselves — lasting, mutually beneficial
partnerships with employees, customers
and vendors, which drive consistent growth.

-@) Read more details about how our model
delivers profit on page 21.

Customers Employees
NPS eNPS
Shareholder return’ Communities

Three-year CAGR

Hours volunteered

17.3% 2,169

* Dividend growth

Annual Report and Accounts 2024/25

4H0dau D1DaLvuIs ©

Success comes from serving Our customers with
the right technology from the best partners.

We are one of Microsoft's largest UK
partners by revenue and work hand in
hand with more than 100 other world-
leading vendors who make or distribute

That means we give straightforward,
independent and expert advice on the
right solution to our customers, whatever
their size and need

software, hardware and other IT products.

-8) Read more about how we are evolving
with our customers on page 18.

Phoenix Software vendors

Bitdefender Adobe
Dell AWS

Fortinet Beyond Trust Avepoint
KeepIT eace Cato Networks
KnowBe4 crowdstrike Check Point
Lenovo Druva Commvautt
ManageEngine 18M CyberArk
NetApp Microsoft Darktrace
Okta Mimecast Forcepoint LLC
One Identity Oracle Ivanti
Progress Palo Alto Networks Netskope
Pure Storage Proofpoint Rapid7
Quest Red Hat Ringcentral
Red Hat Rubrik Saviynt
ServiceNow SentinelOne Security HQ
Tanium Sophos Snow
Varonis
Thycotic Veeam Tenable Network
Trend Micro VMware (Broadcom) Veritas
Wasabi Zscaler

Yubico

Key vendors for both companies

We have close relationships with more than 100 vendors.

4 Bytes Technology Group pic

Our future: bringing people and
transformational technologies
together to achieve more.

With technology changing so fast, it's easy to lose sight of what IT is
really for: driving increased efficiencies, keeping data and networks
safe, adopting new technologies such as Al for a competitive
advantage, and communication. As experts in what works now — and
by investing to stay anead of what's coming — we'll continue to make
sure that our customers benefit in the years and decades to come.

4uod3y o1Da1vuLs ©

Throughout this report we aim to demonstrate how we grow by pursuing our
purpose: empowering and inspiring our people to fulfil their potential,

so they can help our customers make smarter buying decisions and
meet their business objectives through technology.

Annual Report and Accounts 2024/25, s

OUR BUSINESS

Chair's statement

Our talented people and strong
customer focus helped BTG achieve
another record-breaking year in
2024/25. By continuing to invest

in our business and technical
capabilities we have established

a strong platform for future growth.

Strong performance thanks to a great team

I'm very proud of the performance delivered by the
BTG team this year. In challenging market conditions,
especially in the first half of the year, we achieved
double-digit growth for the full year across our key
performance metrics: gross invoiced income, gross
profit and operating profit. For the first time, BTG
achieved gross invoiced income of over £2 billion ~ more
than double what the company achieved only four years
ago, and a sign of how far we've come in just a few years.

On behalf of the Board, | would like to thank all our
people across the company for their efforts this year
and, importantly, for making BTG a great place to work.
We're also very appreciative of the continued support
of our customers and vendors, including our largest
partner Microsoft, which we've worked with since

the 1980s.

Strengthening our Board

Strong leadership has been integral to our success this
year. Sam Mudd, who has worked in our business for
22 years, was appointed CEO on 10 May 2024, after a
short period as Interim CEO. Following her long-standing
managing director (MD) role at Phoenix, she has now
proved to be a great leader of BTG as a whole, with a
deep understanding of the business and a very effective
working relationship with our CFO, Andrew Holden. Sam
spent a lot of time engaging with the investor community
and our employees in 2024/25, as well as with our
vendors, among whom she is well respected.

Bytes Technology Group pic

66

For the first time, BTG achieved gross invoiced income of over
£2 billion — more than double what the company achieved only four
years ago, and a sign of how far we’ve come in just a few years.

In June, we were delighted to welcome two more
independent non-executive directors to our Board:
Ross Paterson and Anna Vikstrém Persson. Ross, a
highly experienced CFO, was appointed Chair of the
Audit Committee, a role he also holds al a FTSE 100
company, while Anna brings a wealth of human
resources expertise to the Board

1am very pleased with the composition of the Board,
with our directors’ wide range of experience and skill
sets, and grateful for the excellent support they have
given me as Chair this year, Following the changes to
the Board, we remain aligned with the FCA's UK Listing
Rules, with 57% women on the Board and at least one
director from a minority ethnic background. We also
have women in both the CEO and senior independent
director roles.

Engaging our people and teams

‘Shruthi Chindalur took over as designated non-executive
director for employee engagement in March 2024. She
spent time al both our businesses, Bytes and Phoenix,
engaging with colleagues and giving feedback to the
Board. This has helped shape several employee-related
initiatives. Following an engaging town hall meeting

at Phoenix in 2023, we introduced the Board to our
employees at Bytes’s headquarters in Leatherhead

in July 2024, outlining the company's strategic
priorities — with ample time allocated for Q&A.

Itwas good to see the BTG team continuing to
grow this year to support future expansion, with our
headcount increasing by nearly 18% across all areas
of the business. This included sales people and,
importantly, pre-sales people with technical skills
and service delivery heads, who support our account
managers by helping customers understand how to
benefit from the latest technology.

Investing to meet customers’ needs

The Board was also pleased to note the impressive
investment in services in 2024/25. BTG has always
been far more than just a value-added reseller that
provides high-quality licensing advice; the team aims
to deliver outstanding customer service, and that

is refiected in our high customer net promoter score
(NPS) of 79. With technology evolving quickly, itis
crucial that our support and technical services
offerings keep evolving too, especially in the key
areas of multi-cloud adoption and migration,
cybersecurity, Al and data.

Annual Report and Accounts 2024/25,

Shareholder dividends

BTG's dividend policy is to distribute 40-50% of
post-tax pre-exceptional earnings to shareholders.
The Board is pleased to propose a gross final
dividend of 6.9 pence per share equating to
£16.6 million. Given the company's continued
strong performance and cash generation, we
are also proposing a cash return to shareholders
with a special dividend of 10.0 pence per share,
equating to £24.1 million. If approved by
shareholders, the final and special dividend

will be paid towards the end of July 2025.

Focusing on sustainability

For any responsible business, a strong focus on
sustainability is essential, even more so given the climate
crisis. This year, for the first time, the Board formed an ESG
Committee, which is chaired by Anna Vikstrém Persson
and oversees progress across all aspects of sustainability,
In June 2024 we received validation from the Science
Based Targets initiative (SBTi) for our near-term and net
zero GHG emissions targets, and further improved our ISS
ESG Corporate Rating, which is now one of the highest
in our peer group. | was also pleased to see the launch
of the Group's carbon literacy awareness programme,
and the firm measures taken to further reduce our own
emissions, including expanding our electric vehicle (EV)
scheme and installing solar panels at our York office.

Looking ahead with optimism

The Board is optimistic about the opportunities for
further growth in 2025/26 and beyond, as BTG continues
to provide services that enable organisations to adapt,
grow and succeed. Structural market trends - digital
transformation, security, cloud migration, Al/data - are
in our favour, and are the areas we are investing in.
Our disciplined growth strategy also means we have
the flexibility to pursue value-enhancing opportunities
as they arise. We look forward to supporting our
executive team and playing our part in growing the
business in the years to come.

Patrick De Smedt
Chair
12 May 2025

4u0d3ay o1D31Lvus ©

OUR BUSINESS

CEO's review

At BTG we’re driven by a clear vision:
to help organisations succeed ina
world of change, through trusted
partnerships and transformative
technology. I’m proud to say that

in 2024/25 we lived up to this vision.
Thanks to our great people, our loyal
customers and our vendors, we
helped more businesses and public
sector organisations than ever meet
their objectives through innovative
IT solutions.

In doing so we achieved another strong set of financial
results, with demand for our broad suite of products
and services remaining robust even in a challenging
trading environment. Gross invoiced income rose by
15.2% to a record-high £2.1 billion, and operating profit
increased by 17.1% to £66.4 million, extending our run
of double-digit growth

The strong performance demonstrates the resilience
of our two businesses, Bytes and Phoenix, and the hard
work done by our teams to maintain close, enduring
partnerships with our customers by providing the
straightforward expert and honest advice that we

have become known for. Our high customer NPS
score of 79 reflects this.

Agrowth company with a proven strategy

Expanding our business, year after year, is not
something new for us - even before our initial public
offering (IPO) in 2020 we had a long track record of
growth, in line with our proven strategy. Our ultimate
strategic goal each year is to grow organically by
winning new customers and doing more with our
existing customers. In 2024/25, we achieved both
of those aims, with 656 new customers delivering
£4.3 million gross profit, and existing customers
generating £13.2 million additional gross profit

Despite increasing competition, we had notable
successes with public sector tenders, retaining

and gaining customer contracts. An example is our
partnership with East Suffolk and North Essex NHS
Foundation Trust. A relationship nurtured over several
years led to collaboration on a major project designed
to transform the way that staff and patients interact, for
a better service for all, You can read more about that
work on page 14.

I'm also delighted that at the end of April 2025, Phoenix
was granted a Royal Warrant for the supply of IT Managed
Services to The King. I'm extremely proud of the Phoenix
team's commitment to excellence, sustainability and
service that led to this prestigious award.

By Appointment to
His Majesty The King
Supplier of IT Managed Services
Phoenix Software Limited
York

What gives me great confidence about our prospects
is that even though we've been growing year on year,
we still have plenty of room to expand. Many vendors
have in recent years pivoted to a ‘partner-first strategy’,
which serves us well. We are strongly focused on
software solutions, which, according to market
intelligence firm IDC, is the fastest-growing segment
of the IT industry today. Our share of the overall total
addressable market in the UK is still only around 4%.

Annual Report and Accounts 2024/25

O rategy

We aim to grow organically by winning
new customers and doing more
for existing customers. We will
complement this approach, as
appropriate, with carefully selected
acquisitions that boost our value.

Along with consistently expanding

our solutions capabilities and
broadening and deepening our
vendor partnerships, we pursue our
strategy by focusing on three key areas:
putting customers first, investing

in our people and our business,

and investing in innovation.

Putting customers first

We focus relentlessly on our customers, helping them find
innovative ways to use technology to improve the way they work,
to control costs and to deliver a better service to their own clients.

Read more about how we are helping our customers on
page 14.

Investing in our people and our business

Our people drive our success. We need to retain our exceptional
employees to continue to sell effectively and, to meet our growth
ambitions, we need to keep increasing our headcount.

Read more about how we are growing great people on
page 15.

Investing in innovation

From Al to cybersecurity, technology is advancing rapidly. We
invest in innovation to help our customers stay ahead of the pace
of change, manage the risks and make the most of the benefits

Read more about how we are investing in innovative
services on page 16.

1voda¥ DIDaLvHLs O

OUR BUSINESS

CEO's review continued

Investment case

01

Proven track record and growth strategy

We have a long track record of strong financial performance,
driven by highly motivated employees delivering the latest
technology to a diverse and loyal customer base. Our growth
strategy supports strong free cash fiow that allows us to invest
in our businesses.

5-year GP CAGR 15.6%

Customers served in 2024/25 5,913

02

Attractive market positioning

We have strategic partnerships with many of the world's leading
software vendors and distribution channels. This includes a
long and deeply embedded relationship with Microsoft, as one
of its largest UK partners by revenue

More than 1,000 vendors and distributors

One of the biggest UK partners with Microsoft by revenue

03

Compelling growth opportunity

We operate in a vast, growing market, boosted by technological
tailwinds from digital transformation agendas, cloud products,
cybersecurity, and productivity and Al-anahled tools. Qur share
of our total addressable market is around 4%, so we have plenty
of room to grow.

Strong Gil growth at a record £2.1bn 15.2%

04

Strong team culture

Our dynamic culture, based on trust, collaboration and
innovation, drives our operational excellence and high
employee retention rates, and increases sales productivity,
customer satisfaction and repeat business.

Employee net promoter score (eNPS) 57

10

Expanding our solutions capabilities and
vendor partnerships

To take advantage of this big opportunity, and in
support of our main strategic goal, we are focused
on increasing our services capabilities and
broadening our vendor partnerships. The pace at
which technology is advancing today is remarkable,
especially in areas such as Al. From our experience
of using Microsoft's Copilot Al companion in our own
business, we can see the potential to transform for
the better the way that people work.

But these innovations are complicated, which can
make it hard for our customers to find the best
solutions for their businesses. By building our own
advisory and support services around the wide suite
of software solutions we offer - especially in the key
areas of cloud computing, security and Al - we can
help our customers better understand and benefit
from the latest technologies.

In 2024/25, we continued to grow our range of
professional and managed IT services. At Bytes, this
included a successful launch of a new Microsoft 24x7
CSP support service, and significant investments

in our procurement advisory services division.

At Phoenix, we launched a new managed-cost
management and optimisation service for
Microsoft's Azure cloud platform, and expanded
our Al teams and our security operations centre.
We also focused on enhancing our technical
capabilities, working with our long-standing vendors
to attain top accreditations, and working more
strategically with newer ones, such as Service Now,
Palo Alto Networks and Commvault, to ensure we
can support our customers’ expanding technology
needs. This deep knowledge of our vendors’
software is crucial in enabling us to give our
customers the best advice on the choice of
software solutions and the interoperability

of different vendors’ products.

And it's reflected in how some of the world's
largest tech companies regularly ask us to join
their exclusive partner advisory councils and
pilot programmes. It shows that they value

our partnership, commitment, technical skills,
the business we influence for them and, most
importantly, how we work collaboratively and
sometimes exclusively together on opportunities.

The advantages of an experienced
management team

Maintaining close relationships with vendors and
customers is easier when you have extensive
experience and continuity in your business. This is
especially true of our management teams, which
have many decades of software and solutions
reselling experience and, crucially, the passion,

Bytes Technology Group pic