@ BYTES | 2"

and Accounts

Connected
y trust

<<
a
A
ra
Z
a *ACSOMIPE*
ee 413 14/06/2023 #151

COMPANIES HOUSE

CONTENTS

Strategic report
02 BTGataglance

Our business today
04 Chair's statement

06 CEO's review

10 Feature - Our customers
12 Ourmarket environment

14 =~ Our business model

16 Ourstrategy

18 Key performance indicators

Review of the year

20 CFO's introduction

22 Operational review
26 Feature - Our vendors
29 Financial review

34 — Sustainability review
36 Our people

40 Feature - Our people
42 Our communities

44 Our planet

50 Task Force on Climate-related
Financial Disclosures (TCFD)

57 Risk report

64 Non-financial information statement

65 Our viability statement
66 Section 172 statement

Governance report

68
71
72

74
76

81
92
96

100
112
116

Board of directors
Executive Committee

Chair's introduction to
corporate governance

The Board's year

Stakeholder engagement
(s.172 compliance)

Audit Committee report
Nomination Committee report
Compliance with the UK
Corporate Governance Code
Directors’ remuneration report
Directors’ report

Statement of directors’
responsibilities

Financial statements

118. Independent auditor's report
128 Consolidated financial statements
132 Notes to consolidated

financial statements
165. Parent company financial statements
167 Notes to financial statements

Other information

176 Glossary

177 Appendix

178 Company information
179 Financial calendar

@@ Our business is built on long-term
relationships underpinned by trust.
As you'll see in this report, world-leading
vendors trust us with their products,
our customers trust us to deliver the
highest quality work, and our people

trust us to Support and empower them.

Neil Murphy
CEO

4180d3¥ 3ONYNY3A0D 180d34 JIDSIVHIS

SLNSWS3LVLS TWIONVNIS

BTG AT AGLANCE

Bytes Technology Group plc (BTG) is one
of the UK’s leading providers of software,
IT security, cloud services and hardware.

We’re made up of two companies with one
shared culture: Bytes Software Services
(Bytes), which supports corporate and public
sector organisations, and Phoenix Software
(Phoenix), focusing on the public sector.

Gross invoiced income’

£1,439.3m

(2022: £1,208.1m) +19.1%

Revenue?

£184.4m

(2022: £145.8m) +26.5%

Adjusted operating profit®

£56.4m

(2022: £46.3m) +21.8%

Gross profit

£129.6m

(2022: £107.4m) +20.7%

Average gross profit per customer

£21,800

(2022: £20,100) +8.5%

Employees Customers

930 5,941

(2022: 773) (2022: 5,330)

1. ‘Gross invoiced income' is a non-IFRS financial measure that reflects gross income billed to customers, adjusted for

deterred and accrued res
the consolidated financial statements.

nue items. The reconciliation of gross invoiced income to revenue

set out In note 3(b) to

2 ‘Revenue’ is reportedin accordance with IFRS 15, Revenue {rom Contracts with Customers, Under this standard, the
Group is required to exercise judgement to determine whether the Group is acting as principal or agent in performing its
contractual obligations. Revenue in respect of contracts for which the Group is determined to be acting as an agent is,

recognised ona ‘net' basis,

.¢. the grass profit achieved on the contract and not the gross income billed to the customer.

The 2022 figure (or revenue has been restated due toa change in accounting policy under IFRS 15. Thisis explained
further in our financial review and under note 1.6 to the consolidated financial statements.

3. ‘Adjusted operali
of significant items of expenditure that are non-recurring events or do not reflect our undert

profit'is 2 non-IFRS allernative performance measure that excludes from operating profil he effects

‘operations, Amortisation

of acquired intangible assets and share-based payment charges are excluded. The reconciliation of adjusted operating
profit io operating profitis set out in note 2(b) to the consolidated financial statements.

180d34 3ONVNH3A09 1uOd3y DIDZiVeLS

SLN3W3LVLS TWIONYNIS

OUR BUSINESS TODAY

Chair’s statement

Patrick De Smedt
Chair

Our people rose to the challenge again this year, delivering
strong financial performance, serving our customers with
distinction, and ensuring that we can look to the future with

great confidence.

Acollective effort

Atthe start of 2022/23, emerging from the global
pandemic, we were all looking forward to a more normal
year. But then, following uncertainty caused by the Russian
invasion of Ukraine, higher inflation and interest rates
emerged as new challenges for businesses and for our
people. To continue achieving strong double-digit growth,
despite these difficult times, is testament to the dedication
and resilience of our people. The Board, and the company,
remain focused on serving our customers, and | am pleased
to see our high standards maintained this year, as evidenced
by our impressive customer net promoter scores.

On behalf of the Board, | would like to express my
appreciation to all our people for their achievements and
hard work. | also want to thank Neil Murphy, our CEO, and
the executive team for their leadership and our customers
and vendors for their confidence and support. Our success
as a company stems from this collective effort.

Shareholder dividends

BTG's dividend policy is to distribute
40% of post-tax pre-exceptional
earnings to shareholders. Accordingly,
the Board is pleased to propose a
gross final dividend of 5.1 pence per
share, equating to £12.2 million. Due
to the company’s continued strong
performance and cash generation,
we are also proposing a cash return
to shareholders with a special
dividend of 7.5 pence per share,
equating to £18.0 million. If approved
by shareholders, the final and
special dividends will be paid on

4 August 2023.

Bytes Technology Group ple

@@ Our people have passion,
and a commitment to make
a difference through their
jobs. At the same time, they
want it to be a fun place
and to enjoy their work.

Listening to our people
For the Board, people and culture are a real focus,

which is why we spend a lot of time listening. David Maw,
our designated workforce engagement non-executive
director, met with employees across all levels of the
company, and gave the Board feedback, which was
generally positive. The Board also had the opportunity

to meet as a group with employees at the Phoenix

offices in York. At the town hall-style meeting, attended
by several hundred employees in person or virtually,

| presented the role of the Board and our priorities.
We then took questions about the evolution of the

company, the challenges and the strategic investments

we're making. Itwas a really enjoyable experience, and
reaffirmed to me what makes our people so great. They
have passion, a bias for action and a commitment to

making a difference through their jobs. At the same

time, they want it to be a fun place and to enjoy their
work. We will have another town hall meeting in 2023,

this time at the Bytes headquarters in Leatherhead.

Investing to support our growth

To support our growth, we've kept on expanding our

workforce, increasing our headcount by 20%, a good
achievement considering the strong competition for
IT skills in the market. Our culture and strong record

act as a beacon in attracting and retaining talented

people. Compared to industry standards, our attrition
rates remain relatively low. Our employee net promoter
‘score of 70 remains high, and we will continue to work
hard to ensure our culture is nurtured and maintained.

Our focus on sustainability
Beyond the short-term problems facing the world,

climate change and protecting our natural resources

remain the biggest challenges. At BTG, we are
determined to be part of the solution, and | believe

we are on the right track. Approving the launch of our
sustainability framework and low-carbon action plan
was an important focus for the Board in 2021/22, and

I'm pleased to see that the team achieved the plan's

Annual Report and Accounts 2022/23

first milestone by reaching carbon neutral emissions,
albeit through offsetting schemes that, at this stage,
will playa much smaller role in our plan going forward.
We've committed to cut our Scope 1 and 2 emissions
- those we own or control directly - in half by 2026,
from 2021 levels, along the road to achieving our net
zero target by 2040. External environmental guidance,
which started this year, will help us to drive our plans
towards gaining recognition by the Science Based
Targets initiative. As in previous years, our people have
done excellent work in their communities, through
volunteering and raising funds for good causes.

I'm very grateful for the wide range of talent and
experience we have on the Board, and I’m particularly
pleased that, with the appointment of Phoenix MD
Sam Mudd to the Board at the conclusion of the 2023
AGM, we'll have 43% women on, going beyond the
FTSE Women Leaders Review's recommendation

of 40%. Sam is not our only prominent female leader
in the business; we also have Clare Metcalfe as
operations director in Phoenix, and Tina Sexton

as finance director and Mandi Nicholson as sales
operations director in Bytes. However, we still have
more to do on gender equality, and developing and
promoting women, and I've asked our two female
Board members, Dr Erika Schraner and Dr Alison
Vincent, who are both great role models, to help in
this regard. I'm pleased to note that Phoenix came
eighth in the Best Workplaces for Women category
in the Great Place to Work awards.

Looking ahead with confidence

The terrible invasion of Ukraine, which has caused
great suffering, shows no sign of ending. Closer to
home, in the UK, we've had political and economic
upheaval, adding to the sense of uncertainty.
However, BTG is a resilient business that benefits
from the technological tailwinds, whether it's
migration to the cloud, cybersecurity or future
developments in technology such as artificial
intelligence. And our market share is still relatively
small so there remains a lot of opportunity for
growth. With such a strong management team and
excellent talent across the entire business, the Board
remains confident about the future prospects, and
we look forward to another 12 months of prdgress.

Patrick De Smedt
Chair
22 May 2023

4180daY JONVNYSAOD 41HOd34 DIDSLVHLS

SLNAWALVLS IWIONVNIS

OUR BUSINESS TODAY

CEO’s review

In uncertain times, trust is our greatest Ongoing growth despite
. . economic headwinds
asset. Thanks to the confidence placed in

BTG achieved another set of solid results,

us by our customers, our vendors and Our __ with double-digit growth across all parts of our
operations, from software to services and hardware.

people, it was another great year for our Gross invoiced income increased by 19.1% to

business. We extended our long track £1,439.3 million, and we achieved adjusted operating
profits of £56.4 million, up by 21.8%. Despite the
record of strong growth across our key tough macroeconomic environment, we saw an

metrics _ and we've made the investments increase in the appetite to invest in IT in both the

corporate and public sectors, enabling us to further

to make sure we keep providing the highest _ strengthen our position in the market. We also
levels of customer service as we continue broadened our range of vendors, expertise and

services, especially in key areas such as cybersecurity

to expand. and the cloud, at both Bytes and Phoenix. These
Company Microsoft limits the Bytes won CRN Awarded Microsoft
history channel - BTG became First salesperson Enterprise Reseller EMEA Operations Cloud
‘one of the first Large achieved £1m in annual of the Year for the Licensing Solution
Account Resellers (LARs) gross profit (GP) third year running Partner of the Year
Company founded from Bytes acquired by Acquired Security Relocated to larger 8 salespeople
a Surrey shop as Bytes. Altron Group: Partnerships Bytes House HQ in joined the
Computer Supplies Leatherhead, Surrey £1mGP club

6 Bytes Technology Group pic

Acquired Phoenix

Software

year-on-year improvements, alongside our continuity
and dependability, have allowed us to further mature
as a business, and to deliver on our promises to our
partners, our people and our shareholders.

Atrusted partner to our customers

We pride ourselves on our clear purpose and
strategy, and at the heart of that is our laser focus on
the customer, which has guided the business for four
decades. The aim each year is to win new customers
and capture a greater share of the IT spend of our
existing ones. As we've done for many years now, we
succeeded on both counts this year. Over the past
12 months we won more than 600 new customers,
including North Yorkshire Council, Royal College

of Nursing, SunChemical, One Savings Bank,
Thakeham Homes and future_space, lifting our

total number of customers to 5,941. We also grew
our gross profit from existing customers by 16.0%.

| believe this ability to keep expanding our customer
base while retaining our existing customers is closely
linked to our willingness to look beyond short-term
profits and to see the long-term picture. We want to
give customers the right advice for their needs, even
if it means they might initially go elsewhere or not

buy from us now, or even next year. We know from
experience, though, that customers will likely come
back to us, because they know that we are acting in
their best interest and will stand by them.

For us, that's the trust dividend. And it’s especially
important when times are tough, as they were for
many of our customers in both the corporate and the
public sectors this year. They were looking for ways

to be more productive, efficient and secure, which
means investing in technology. And they wanted to

be guided and supported in this journey bya safe,
reliable partner that would supply them with only

what they nééded, and so'ridke best Use’of their
resources: Our customer net promoter scoreof 77, —
up from 64 last year, is a good indicator that we are
that trusted partner.

17 salespeople in
the £1mGP club

December

2020

Bytes awarded
Microsoft Giobal
Modern Workplace
Transformation Partner

BTG demerged
from Aitron with a
successful IPO

Annual Report and Accounts 2022/23

87G entered the
FTSE 250

2022/23 highlights

@ Bytes named as Microsoft's
Partner for Operational
Excellence 2022 globally

@ Winning more than 600 new
customers across the Group

@ Welcoming nearly 300 new
people into BTG

@ Continuing our record of
double-digit growth across
all key metrics

Rewarding the trust of our people

It’s also been a challenging year for families and
society in general in the UK, due to the rising cost of
household goods, and increasing energy prices and
interest rates. Despite these pressures, our people
have still been able to deliver great performances,
whether they're working in the office or from home.

I really admire and appreciate that. We recognised
their contributions in numerous ways, including
increased opportunities, benefits and, where
appropriate, salaries.

But we know that cost-of-living increases have a
bigger effect on people on lower incomes, so we've
approved the highest pay rises, in percentage terms,
for them, effective from 1 March 2023. It's really
important to us, as a company, to show that we care
about individual people, and this is one way of doing
that. We're always trying to make sure we get the
balance right between growing the business and
looking after our employees, who've trusted us with
their careers, which we want to-be long and fulfilling
This year we launched our second Sharesave Plan,
which was well received, broadening the range of
employees who participate in our share schemes.

The Group
surpassed £1bn
Gross invoiced 33 salespeople in
income the £1m GP club

Phoenix Software
won Microsoft
Partner of the Year

Bytes named Microsoft
Global Operational
Excellence Partner of
the Year

1Y0d34Y DIDSLVHLS

140d34 3ONVNH3A09

SLNAWALVLS TWIONWNId

OUR BUSINESS TODAY

CEO's review continued

Our vendors’ trust inus

Over the decades, we've successfully delivered
thousands of solutions, building our credibility

with the vendors whose products and services we
supply. We partner with our vendors to get a better
understanding of how we can add value to our
customers’ businesses, and we train our sales and
technical people to become experts in their field,

for example by becoming Microsoft certified. The
strength of our vendor partnerships is evidenced

by the awards our teams keep winning, which also
reflect our status with global technology leaders. In
2021, Phoenix was chosen as Microsoft's UK Partner
of the Year. This year, Bytes was named as Microsoft's
Partner for Operational Excellence, from more than
3,900 global entries. This award recognised how
we've supported our customers’ digital transformation
using Microsoft tools and automation. In addition,
Phoenix was named Dell Technologies Public Sector
Partner of the Year 2022 and, in the cybersecurity
sector, Bytes won Mimecast Enterprise Growth
Partner of the Year.

Investing in people and operations

Our biggest investment, as ever, has been in our
people. We hire not for the current market but for
where it will be in a few years, to give us time to equip
our people with the right skills and expertise. This
year our headcount grew by 20%, to 930. This
included many people joining our graduate and

apprentice programmes at Bytes and Phoenix,
who will further strengthen our sales, service and
technical teams. We're very proud of our history of
developing talent, and it ties into our aim ot seeking
to promote people from within wherever possible.

We've embraced hybrid working, but we know that
there's a benefit to being together. We're trying to.
ensure that people enjoy coming into their office,
and feel energised to do their best work there. That's
why we've extensively refurbished our Bytes office
in Leatherhead, with more collaborative working
spaces and breakout areas, and a more open design.

Our new, in-house security operation centre, launched
at the end of the last financial year, continues to grow.
It's a 24/7 monitoring service that allows us to detect
vulnerabilities or attacks in our customers’ security
and defences, and to alert them in real time. We expect
the service to expand quickly in the coming years,
especially for our public sector clients. We continued
to invest in the ‘multicloud’ environment, in line with
customers’ requirements. By using the cloud systems
from more than one vendor, organisations have more
flexibility to control costs and optimise performance —
all part of our commitment to give customers what
they really need

We've also been busy growing our geographical
footprint in the UK, opening a new sales office in
the City of London, which should open up new
opportunities in the finance and insurance sectors.

6 | believe our ability to keep
expanding our customer
base is linked to our

‘willingness to look beyond
short-term profits, to the
long-term picture.

Bytes Technology Group plc

Helping others and our environment

This year, our people continued our tradition of
helping out in the community, and more widely,
whether by using their paid volunteering day, which
everyone is encouraged to take, or raising funds for
the humanitarian crisis caused by Russia’s invasion of
Ukraine, which has caused so much suffering.

As part of our commitment to achieve net zero by
2040 at the latest, we appointed our first sustainability
manager this year. The aimis to help coordinate our
sustainability efforts across Bytes and Phoenix, and
to consolidate reporting, so we can measure our
progress towards our goals more accurately.

Our gratitude to David Maw

Atter 23 years of valuable counsel, David Maw will
step down from the Board in 2023. David brought

a unique passion and energy to his role, and his
curiosity and relentless quest for the facts enhanced
our transparency and integrity. Under his watchful
eye, we became a better Board, anda better
company. On a personal level, David helped me
develop my own sense of purpose and humility, and
| will greatly miss him, as will the wider organisation.

Customer
NPS

=77

Annual Report and Accounts 2022/23

@6@ We're always mindful of
getting the balance right
between growing the
business and looking after
our staff, who've trusted us
with their careers, which we
want to be long and fulfilling.

180d34 DIDSLVYLS

Employee
NPS

=70

4180d3Y 3ONVYNH3A09

The road ahead

While being mindful of the pressures created by

the macroeconomic environment, and the inherent
uncertainties in the world, | strongly believe that
whatever the future holds, tech will be part of it. I'm
therefore confident that we will add more chapters to
our growth story in the years to come, as organisations
continue to digitise, move to the cloud and strengthen
their resilience and security. This year, we will continue
to expand our workforce in line with our business
growth, and work with more vendors as we look to
consolidate our position in a market where we still see
many opportunities. And we'll continue to provide a
safe and rewarding environment for our people who,
with our customers, are always our top priority.

MK

Neil Murphy
CEO
22 May 2023

SLNSWALVLS TVIONVNIS

FEATURE

10

ee

Working with Bytes has always
been great. They understand
exactly what our requirements
are, and don’t try to shoehorn
in technology for the sake of it.
And due to that we have really
progressed with maturing

our security.

Ryan Tate
Information Security Analyst, Howard Kennedy

A trusted advisor
to our customers

Howard Kennedy is a London law firm specialising
in legal advice for entrepreneurs and entrepreneurial
businesses across the world.

When the firm wanted to review its security strategy
with a focus on data, particularly customer data,

Bytes was one of the ‘trusted partners we brought

in to help guide us along that journey,’ explains
Jonathan Freedman, Howard Kennedy's Head of
Technology and Security. Bytes held workshops to
identify what was needed to comply with the Center for
Internet Security frameworks, which ensure the highest
standards of cybersecurity, and proposed solutions
based on the range of Microsoft technology that
Howard Kennedy had already deployed.

‘The team at Bytes have been very easy to work with,’
says Jonathan. ‘We've developed a very close
relationship and have been able to really leverage the
benefits of their experience. They've been able to bring
in different experts with different specialities that have
really contributed to our overall security strategy and
helped us get to where we want to be.’

Adam McCaig, Head of Cybersecurity at Bytes, says:
‘This partnership is a great example of how we are
there to support customers with investment decisions,
based both on commercial and technical
considerations. This particularly matters in a crowded
technological space like security, that is rapidly evolving.”

Bytes Technology Group plc