Unlocking
opportunities
through

Innovation

z
ray
2
. *AF3LULEH*
AS 05/06/2026 #88
COMPANIES HOUSE
jal Report ai

@5IG

Contents

Strategic report

Our business

Our year in numbers

£2,341.0m

02 = This is Bytes Technology Group Gross invoiced income (Gil)'
04 Chair's statement (2025: £2,099, 8m) +11.5%
06 CEO's review

- Our strategy

“oer £220.5m
10 Measuring progress -

key performance indicators Revenue’
12 Ourstrategyin action (2025: 217.1m) +1.6%

21 Operational review (2025: £163.3m) 42.4%
26 Financial review
32 Risk report
44 Sustainability review 2 ? 8 3 O O
~ Our people y
~ Our communities Average gross profit per customer
- Our planet (2025: £27,600) +2.5%
Disclosure statements
58 Task Force on Climate-related Financial F 6 2 7
Disclosures (TCFD) . I Y }
68 Additional environmental disclosures
74 Non-financial and sustainability Operating profit
information statement (2025; £66.4m) -5.6%
75 Viability statement
76 Section 172 statement
Governance report
78 — Chair's introduction to corporate governance Technology creates opportunities
80 Board of directors teats
83 Executive Committee to enhance human creativity,
84 The Board's year productivity and communication,
88 Stakeholder engagement (s.172 compliance)
92 Audit Committee report reach new markets, serve people
102 Nomination Committee report better and keep organisations
106 ESG Committee report
108 Compliance with the UK and data safe.
Corporate Governance Code
112 Directors’ remuneration report
129 Directors’ report
133 Statement of directors’ responsibilities

iew of the year

Our market environment
CFO's introduction
- Our business model

Financial statements

135
145

Independent auditor's report
Consolidated financiai statements

£167.3m

Gross profit (GP)

1 Gross invoiced income (GI!) is a non-IFRS financial measure that reflects gross
income billed to customers, adjusted for deferred and accrued revenue items.
The reconciliation of Gil to revenue is set out in note 3(b) to the consolidated
nancial statements.

2 Revenue is reported in accordance with IFRS 15 Revenve from Contracts with
Customers. Under this standard, the Group is required to exercise judgement
to determine whether the Groups acting as principal or agent in pectarming its
contractual obligations. Revenue in respect of contracts for which the Groupis
determines to be acting as an agents recognised ona ‘net’ basis, thatis, the
{gross profit achieved on the contract rather than ihe grass income billed to
the customer.

149 Notes to the consolidated financial statements
182 Parent company financial statements
184 Notes to the financial statements

Other inform:
193° Glossary

195 Company information
195 Financial calendar

We help organisations succeed
in a world of change, through
trusted partnerships and
transformative technology.

We’re a value-added IT reseller focused on
subscription software, security, IT services, Al,
cloud-based solutions and hybrid infrastructure.

We serve nearly 6,000 customers in the private
and public sectors.

Annual Report and Accounts 2025/26

18Od34 DIDALvHLs EO

OUR BUSINESS

This is Bytes Technology Group

Serving the IT market in the Our offices
UK for more than 40 years

We're made up of two companies bound

by one dynamic, customer-focused culture
Bytes Software Services (Bytes) and
Phoenix Software (Phoenix). Today, as
one of the UK and Ireland's leading software,
security, Al and cloud services specialists,
we have nine offices and more than 1,300
employees who we empower and inspire to fulfil
their potential. Many of our colleagues have
been with us along time, becoming experts
in their fields and growing with our customers.

€) Read more about how colleagues are
central to our success on page 46.

We have a simple but What our model delivers
powerful business model

We generate gross profit from two main sources: Customer NPS
software products resale and service delivery, 70 +
Our software profits are derived from margin and

fees. Where we invoice our customers, we pay the

vendor and make a margin on the products sold. Employee NPS
This margin is often enhanced through vendor
rebates. Where the vendor invoices our customers

directly, the vendor pays us a fee related to the

licensing advice and sales support we provide Shareholders

to the customer. Capital returned over five years*
We also generate profit by providing IT 9 O %K

consultancy and support services to our 0

customers, often aligned to the software we sell of profit after tax

and underpinned by our deep technical expertise.
Where the solutions are strategically important to
our vendors, they may pay us additional fees or,
increasingly, fund projects in full. What makes BTG 2 1 5 9
unique is how we deliver our products and services 5

through a business model that's truly value added,
creating lasting, mutually beneficial partnerships .
with employees, customers and vendors and -® Read more about our business
living by our values in everything we do. model on page 19.

Communities
Hours volunteered

“Dividends und share buybacks, Including pi opused nnal uvigend tor 2UZ5/2b.

2 Bytes Technology Group ple

Success comes from
delivering the right technology
from the best partners

We are one of Microsoft's largest UK partners
by revenue and work hand in hand with more
than 100 other world-leading vendors that
make or distribute software, hardware and
other IT products. We can therefore give
straightforward, independent and expert
advice on the right solution to our customers,
whatever their size and need.

#4) Read more about how we are evolving
with our customers on page 21.

Our future: innovating to unlock
opportunities for our customers

With technology changing so fast, it’s easy

to lose sight of what IT is really for: freeing up
people's time, keeping data and networks
safe, and enabling better collaboration and
communication. As experts in what works
now — and by investing to stay ahead of what's
coming — we'll continue to make sure that our
customers will reap those benefits in the years
and decades to come.

“~~“Annual Report and Accounts 2025/26

Throughout this report we aim to demonstrate
how we grow by pursuing our purpose:
empowering and inspiring our people

to fulfil their potential, so they can help
our customers make smarter buying
decisions and meet their business
objectives through technology.

4140d3u D1D3LvuLs O

OUR BUSINESS

Chair’s statement

oe

BTG this year accelerated
the transition to becoming a
partner that takes a broader
role in helping customers use
technology to drive business
outcomes, such as identifying
use cases for Al adoption,
deploying new workloads into
the cloud and managing ou
customers’ cybersecurity
environments.

Patrick De Smedt Cha

The IT market is changing fast,
energised by new software
companies, innovative products and
disruptive technologies, including
Al. Our responsibility at BTG is to
stay ahead of these changes, and
organise our business in a way that
best serves the needs of our loyal
customers and delivers sustainable
growth over the long term.

Investing for sustainable growth

Despite a challenging market environment during the
year, BTG delivered growth in gross invoiced income
of 11.5% to £2.3 billion. While this growth did not

fully convert to profit expansion at the levels seen

in previous years, gross profit increased modestly,
reflecting two key factors. First, changes to Microsoft
enterprise incentive structures, particularly evident
in the first half of the year, coincided with elevated
renewal activity around the public sector financial
year end in March and April and Microsoft's own

year end in June. Second, the Group continued to
evolve its private sector sales division from a generalist
model to specialist, customer-segment-focused
teams, as described on page 7. Although this transition
look loriger than initially anticipated, it represents an
important step in strengthening 8TG's long-term
capability to support our customers. Operating

profit was therefore lowor than in previous years, as
the Group continued to make disciplined investments
to support future growth

The business has now adapted to these changes.
Indeed, adaptation was a key theme for BTG in
2025/26, as we focused on proactively evolving

our business approach and investing for the future.
For most of our history, we have been known for
reselling software licences and providing software
asset management. Under the leadership of Sam
Mudd, and with the Board's support, BTG this year
accelerated the transition to becoming a par tier
that takes a broader role in helping customers use
technology ta drive business outcomes, such as
identifying use cases for Al adoption, deploying new
workloads into the cloud and managing our customers’
cybersecurity environments.

Investing in technical capabilities and providing more
managed services will enable us to better respond

to what our customers are asking for, as they look

to further transition their data to the cloud, protect
themselves against security breaches and makc their
businesses mure efficient. Working with our vendor
partners to deliver more services will also help us scll
more sottwaré, so we can [urlher ittvesl in our business
and reward our shareholders

Bytes Technology Group pic.

Strong leaders!
of transformation

As our business continues to adjust to our ever-changing
sector, Sam has led from the front, including explaining
how and why we are evolving, to our people, to our
customer and vendor partners, and to investors and
analysts. Our operational leaders have also guided
their businesses in a year in which both Bytes and
Phoenix adapted to the most recent changes in
Microsoft's incentive programmes.

inayear

As announced, following an assessment of the

roles required to support the Company's next

phase of growth, it has been decided to split the
currently combined roles of Chief Financial Officer
and Chief Operating Officer, held by Andrew Holden.
As part of this change, Andrew will be standing down
as Chief Financial Officer when a suitable replacement
has been appointed, at which date he will step down
from the Board. Thereafter, he will remain with the
Company and will transition into the role of Chief
Operating Officer.

Turning to the Board more widely, following the positive
changes in 2024/25, | believe that we currently have
the right mix of knowledge, skills and experience.

Our recent board effectiveness review, conducted
externally by Lintstock, also concluded that the Board
Continues to be strong and cohesive. | am grateful for
all the support that the directors have given the
business this year.

Maintaining our high-performance culture

On behalf of the Board, | also want to thank all our
people across the business for their hard work. Without
their dedication and commitment we would not be able
to provide the great service that keeps our customers
coming back to us, year after year.

Making sure we maintain our customer-centric and
innovation-focused culture is always a strong priority
for the Board, which is why listening to employees is.
so important to us. This year, we again held town

hall meetings at both businesses’ head offices, in
Leatherhead and York, where we talked about the
company’s strategic priorities, and then took questions.

Shareholder dividend

BTG's dividend policy is to distribute 40-50%
of post-tax pre-exceptional earnings to
shareholders. The Board is pleased to propose
a gross final dividend of 7.0 pence per share
equating to £16.5 million. If approved by
shareholders, the final dividend will be

paid towards the end of July 2026.

Annual Report and Accounts 2025/26

66

| also want to thank everyone
across the business for their
hard work, dedication and
commitment.

Several directors, including Anna Vikstrém Persson,
Or Erika Schraner and Ross Paterson, also made
additional office visits, while Shruthi Chindalur, our
designated non-executive director for employee
engagement, spent time engaging with people at
both businesses.

Among the feedback we got was that staff would like
more leadership training, especially for people newly
promoted to management. Sam is addressing this,
with the help of Kally Kang-Kersey, our Chiet People
Officer, who is leading the development of BTG’s
long-term people strategy.

Continued focus on sustainability

As the business keeps growing, the Board
remains conscious of the company's sustainability
responsibilities. This was the first full year of our ESG
(Environmental, Social and Governance) Committee,
which is chaired by Anna, whose role is to oversee the
delivery of the overall sustainability strategy, including
the transition to net zero. Along with continued efforts
to reduce our emissions, our sustainability progress
this year included expanding our carbon literacy
awareness programme and becoming a constituent
of the FTSE4Good Index Series.

Looking ahead with confidence

The spirit of agility and adaptability that BTG has shown
this year positions us well to continue to benefit from
the structural demand drivers in the market, from cloud
migration to security and Al. The Board looks forward
to supporting our executive team through another year
of progress.

Patrick De Smedt
Chair
11 May 2026 *

480434 D1D31vuis ©

OUR BUSINESS

CEO's review

66

This year | have spent time
engaging with colleagues
across the business, and
have been inspired by their
passion and professionalism
in serving our customers.

Sam Mudd CEO

To succeed in changing markets,
businesses need to constantly
evolve. In 2025/26, I was proud of
the way our teams supported our
many loyal customers by delivering
great service, while also adjusting
to our ongoing internal evolution
and external market changes.

‘As we focused on evolving our business for continued
growth, realigning our private sector sales team, we
managed the impact of reduced enterprise incentives
from our largest vendor partner, Microsoft. We also
focused on growing our services portfolio and
associated profits and maintaining measured
investments, in line with our strategy. While this
resulted in another year of double-digit gross invoiced
income growth, we however saw modest gross profit
growth and a decline in operating profit.

With organisations continuing to invest in IT solutions,
we maintained our share of wallet among our existing
customers and increased our customer base. Asin
prior years, customer retention remained very high at
both Bytes and Phoenix, providing a good foundation
for future growth. And we achieved numerous notable
successes in the public and private sectors. You can
read more about some of our success stories on
pages 12 and 14.

Increasing our customer centricity

Customers partner with us ~ and often stay with us for
many years — because of the broad range of software
solutions we provide, from multi-cloud adoption and
migration to digital storage, cybersecurity and Al. This
is underpinned by our software advisory expertise and
knowledge of procurement routes, which enable us

to help our customers obtain the best value. We
Continued to build on this strength this year by investing
in pre-sales and technical skills that will allow us to
serve a bigger market in tuture

We also evolved our overall approach to meeting our
clionts' needs by cxnanding cur range of In-house
services. Our customers want to benefit from the latest
transformational technology, as we've seen from the
strong interest in Al products we provide, including
Microsoft Copilot. We translate complex partner

Watch Sam's recent conversation va
with Microsoft about Al

Bytes Technology Group ple

technology into business outcomes by working
upfront in the design and implementation and staying
responsible beyond the ‘go-live’ through managed
services. The skills to manage new technology are in
short supply, so organisations are becoming ever-more
reliant on their IT partners. As this service income
stream grows, we will continue to develop and deliver
additional services across our vendor offerings to
support customer readiness and adoption

In 2025/26 we improved our customer proposition by
realigning our private sector sales team. One of our key
differentiators as a value-added reseller has always
been our customer-centricity: how we engage closely
with our clients to be a trusted partner. Now we have
gone a step further to better understand our private
sector customers’ businesses and provide them with
the right solutions for their needs. At the start of the
financial year, we moved from a generalist private
sector sales structure to having three segment-
focused teams, based on customer size. By ensuring
we have the right people, in the right roles, managing
the right accounts, we have deepened expertise within
each segment.

This shift to sales specialisation is already enabling us
to provide better insights and more relevant solutions
to customers, and aligns us more closely with our
vendor partners, whose own sales teams are often
segmented by customer size. It also allows us to
recruit and train our people in a more targeted way.

This realignment saw an adjustment period for
two main reasons: very strong trading ahead of

the change at the end of last year, and relationship
changes. The private sector sales team had a very
strong end to financial year 2024/25 as account
managers worked hard to close the pipeline they
had built in accounts they were handing over. This had
a temporary adverse impact at the start of 2025/26,
given account managers had to hand over some
relationships and establish pipelines in their

new accounts.

As the change has bedded in though, we have already
seen tangible results. For example, in the enterprise
sales segment - for customers with more than 10,000
employees - the average deal size increased threefold
during the year, driven by a strong growth in services.
Our public sector sales team structures, which are
aligned by government sector, are unchanged.

Annual Report and Accounts 2025/26

tegy

We aim to grow organically by winning
new customers and doing more for
existing customers. We complement
this approach, as appropriate, with
carefully selected acquisitions that
increase our value.

Along with consistently expanding

's and broadening our
vendor partnerships, we pursue our
strategy by focusing on three key areas:
putting customers first, investing
in our people and our business,

and investing in innovation.

Putting customers first

We focus relentlessly on our customers, helping them find
innovative ways to use technology to improve the way they work,
to control costs and to deliver a better service to their own clients.

Read more about how we help our customers on page 12.

Investing in our people and our business

Our people drive our success: to sell effectively and meet our
growth ambitions we need to retain our exceptional employees
and keep attracting new talented people.

Read more about how we develop great people on page 13.

innovation

Investing i

From cybersecurity to Al, technology is advancing rapidly. We
invest in innovation to help our customers stay ahead of the pace
of change, manage the risks and make the most of the benefits.

Read more about how we invest in innovative services
on page 14.

480434 D1ID3Lvu1s ©

OUR BUSINESS

CEO's review continued

Investment case

01

Proven track record and growth strategy
We have a long track record of robust financial performance
and long-term growth, driven by highly motivated employees
delivering the latest technology solutions and services to a
diverse and loyal customer base.

Five-year GP CAGR 13.3%

Customers served in 2025/26 5,916

02

High return on capital and cash-generative asset
Our business model of selling software solutions is asset light and
‘supports consistently high raturns on capital and cach conversion.

Five-year cash conversion 113%

£205 million returned to shareholders
over the past five years

03

Attractive market positioning
We have strategic partnerships with many of the world's leading
software vendors and distribution channels, including our long
and deeply embedded relationship with Microsoft.

More than 1,000 vendors and distributors

One of the largest UK partners with Microsoft by revenue

04

Compelling growth opportunity

We operate ina vast, growing market, boosted by technological
tailwinds from digital transformation agendas, cloud products,
cybersecurity and Al-enabled tools. Our share of our total
addressable market is 3%, so we have plenty of room to grow.

Strong GIl growth 11.5%

05

‘Strong team culture

Our dynamic culture drives our operational excellence and high
employee retention rates, and increases sales productivity,
customer satisfaction and repeat business.

Employee net promoter score (eNPS) 62

Deepening our vendor relationships

Our credibility in the market comes in part from
working closely with the world’s leading software
vendors. In addition to our strong partnership with
Microsoft, we have deepened our relationships
with other key vendors this year by boosting our
technical capabilities, so that we can do more
pre-sales, consultancy and services work based
on their technology.

This investment is reflected in the many competitive
awards we have won this year from vendors, including
Axonius, Barracuda, Check Point, Sophos and Varonis.
We also achieved the highest-tier Pinnacle Partner
status from VMware by Broadcom, a significant
achievement. As part of our growth strategy, we aim to
broaden our share of non-Microsoft work. In 2025/26,
we delivered important customer wins in the private
and public sectors, based on solutions from vendors
that we have been working more closely with in recent
years, including Flexera, Druva, Varonis, Rapid7,
Check Point, Cisco, VMware and Zscaler.

Building an even greater place to work

These customer and vendor successes don't happen
overnight; rather they reflect many months and even
years of hard work by our teams. This year | have
spent time engaging with colleagues across the
business, and have been inspired by their passion
and professionalism in serving our customers. | am
proud of how our people have pulled together and
demonstrated their own resilience ata time of
significant economic uncertainty.

Our Great Place to Work survey results continue to

be impressive and in the Financial Times’ UK's Best
Employers ranking we were placed the highest in our
industry and 14th overall. We are not complacent though,
and are determined to become an even greater place
for talented people to build long and fulfilling careers.

To help make that happen, we hired a chief people
officer this year. Kally Kang-Kersey has now met

with hundreds of employees in several of our offices,
gaining a good sense of what drives our culture, and
how to make it even stronger. Kally is leading our
people strategy, which focuses on attracting top talent,
developing our leaders, evolving our culture, and
modernising and aligning our policies consistently
across our two operations, to make sure that
everybody is treated fairly.

Bytes Technology Group ple

oe

The changes we made this year have set us up strongly for the
future and I’m excited to continue working with my leadership
team to evolve our business, bringing our people, customers
and vendors along with us on that journey.

al inclusion in
Ss

Along with serving our customers, our people also do
great work in our communities through volunteering
and charitable giving. This year I've asked our teams
at both businesses to prioritise activities where we can
make the most difference through our expertise. We
will therefore focus more strongly on digital inclusion,
including by delivering cyber awareness, digital skills
and technology education to disadvantaged and
underserved groups. The importance and potential
impact of this approach was reinforced for me when

| took part in a forum at the House of Lords in January
2026, where a group of senior business leaders came
together to shape the direction and intent of the CEO
Steering Council. The group was set up to support
delivery of the government's ‘opportunity mission’,
which aims to break the link between a child's
background and their future success.

The road ahead

Turning to the future: while | am minaful of the
pressures created by the ongoing economic
uncertainty, | know our customers will keep looking to
transformative technology to boost their efficiency,
safety and competitiveness. And, as has been the case
for more than four decades, we will be there for them.
The changes we made this year have set us up strongly
for the future and I'm excited to continue working with
my leadership team to evolve our business, bringing
our people, customers and vendors along with us on
that journey.

Sra
Sam Mudd

Chief Executive Officer
11 May 2026

Annual Report and Accounts 2025/26

1u0d3y SIDaLvHLs ©

OUR BUSINESS

Measuring progress

We track our progress against financial, strategic and sustainability KPls.

Financial °

Gross invoiced income’ £2,341.0m +11.5% Revenue?* £220.5m +1.6%
202 £2,341.0m 202 £220.5m
2025 £2,099.8m ) 2025 £217.1m )

2024 £1,823.0m ) 2024 £207.0m
2023 £1,439.3m ) 2023 £184.4m )
2022 £1,208.1m ) 2022 £145.8m

2021 £958.1m 2021 £393.6m )

Gross profit £167.3m +2.4% Gross margin® 75.8%
2025 £163.3m ) 2025 75.2% )
2024 £145.8m ) 2024 70.4% )
2023 £129.6m ) 2023 70.3% )
2022 £107.4m_) 2022 73.7% )
2021 £89.6m 2021

Operating profit £62.7m -5.6% Operating profit as % of gross profit 37.5%
2026 £62.7m 2026 37.5%
2025 £66.4m ) 2025 40.7% )
2024 £56.7m ) 2024 38.9% )
2023 £50.9m ) 2023 39.3% )
2021 £26.8m 2021 29.9% )

Cash conversion* 105.1% Cash £98.6m -12.8%

2021 182.9% ) 2021 ») £207

1 Grossinvoiced income is a non-IFRS financial measure that reflects gross income billed to customers, adjusted for deterred and accrued revenue
items. The reconciliation of gross invoiced income to revenuc is set out in note 3(b) to the consolidated financial statements.

2. Revenue is reportedin accordance with IFAS 15 Revenue trom Contracts with Customers. Under this standard, the Group is required to exercise
judgement to determine whether the Group is acting as principal or agent in performing its contractual obligations, Revenue in respect of contracts
for which the Group is determined to be acting as an agent is recognised an a net basis - thats, the gross profit achieved on the contract and not the
grossincome billed to the customer.

9 The 2022 figures for revenue and gross margin reflect the change in accounting policy under IFAS 18, which took effect from thal year and has been
applied in all subsequent periods.

4 Cash conversion is a non-IFRS aliernative perlormance measure thal divides cash generated from operations less capital expenditure (together,
{ree cash flow) by operating profit

10 Bytes Technology Group pic