Across The Markets: Bytes Technology, Kingfisher, Trustpilot 2026-03-24 08:44:38 (4 months ago) Related Companies: Kingfisher (KGF) , Bytes Technology Group (BYIT) , Trustpilot Group (TRST) Trustpilot Shares in the FTSE-250 listed online review website Trustpilot plummeted today in early trade following news of a placing . That was off the back of a major shareholder electing to sell down at 5.6% stake in the company via an accelerated bookbuild. Shares were sold at 214p, reflecting today’s move. The Trustpilot share price was down 11% shortly after the open. Bytes Technology Group A full year trading update from the software services company Bytes Technology was issued this morning. Performance was in line with the projected outlook although looking ahead, the impact of higher technology costs means operating profits are expected to be flat for FY27. Despite the underlying economic uncertainty, customers are proving willing to adopt new technologies and products but investors appear underwhelmed with the Bytes share price down 11% in early trade, testing fresh all time lows as a result. Kingfisher The FTSE100 listed operator of DIY stores across Europe including B&Q here in the UK published full year results today. Underlying sales growth was tepid, up by just 1.4%, but market share gains were recorded. Profits were also boosted by gross margin expansion of 80bps with the group’s buying power being seen as a key driver here. Management announced the approval of a further £300m share buyback despite the mixed consumer environment, making for a strong start to the day but the Kingfisher share price soon handed back some of those gains to sit around 2% higher by 8.40am. Most read news on Investegate this morning Holding(s) in Company - - Greatland Gold (GGP) Holding(s) in Company - - Greatland Gold (GGP) FY25 Preliminary Results to 31 December 2025 - - Fevertree Drinks (FEVR) Disclaimer: This information does not constitute investment advice, nor does it necessarily reflect the views and opinions of Investegate. If in doubt consult a financial professional. Other Across the Markets Posts Across The Markets: ASOS, CMC Markets, Associated British Foods 01-07-2026 (1 month ago) Related Companies: ASOS (ASC) , Associated British Foods (ABF) , CMC Markets (CMCX) CMC Markets surges as trading update bolsters institutional outlook and ASOS finds investor support from asset disposal in the US but Associated British Foods slumps as ingredients division shows weakness. Across The Markets: Celsius Resources, Barratt Redrow, IWG 30-06-2026 (1 month ago) Related Companies: Barratt Redrow (BTRW) , Celsius Resources Limited (DI) (CLA) , IWG (IWG) Housebuilders turn lower as class action law suit over price fixing emerges, but IWG jumps on extended share buyback news and small cap Celsius Resources advances on asset disposal plans. Across The Markets: Eco Atlantic, Bridgepoint, BT Group 29-06-2026 (1 month ago) Related Companies: BT Group (BT.A) , Eco (Atlantic) Oil & Gas NPV (DI) (ECO) , Bridgepoint Group (Reg S) (BPT) BT Group sees modest gains off JV announcement with Verizon, Bridgepoint adds after acquisition news is well received and Eco Atlantic also finds cheer as farm out agreement gets government approvals. Across The Markets: Wise, Guardian Metals, Barratt Redrow 26-06-2026 (1 month ago) Related Companies: Barratt Redrow (BTRW) , Wise Class A (WISE) , Guardian Metal Resources plc (GMET) Barratt Redrow tops off week of gains with new CEO arrival date confirmed, Wise sees FY numbers at top end of estimates and Guardian Metals finds support ahead of next week’s feasibility study release. Across The market: 3i Group, Moonpig, easyJet 25-06-2026 (1 month ago) Related Companies: easyJet (EZJ) , 3i Group (III) , Moonpig Group (MOON) easyJet makes further gains as management offer an olive branch to suitor Castlelake, Moonpig surges on outperformance and buyback news, whilst 3i also reacts well to pre-AGM portfolio update. UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 15 minutes ago Tesco 22 minutes ago Franchise Brands 38 minutes ago Ashoka India Equity Investment Trust 1 hour ago STV Group 1 hour ago Polar Capital Global Financials Trust All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and