BETA Close X Bytes Technology Group plc announced at its Annual General Meeting that the first four months of the financial year have seen strong trading performance with double-digit year-on-year growth in gross invoiced income and gross profit across both private and public sectors, while operating profit remained broadly flat year-on-year. The company expressed satisfaction with this progress, which aligns with previous outlooks, and confidence in achieving strategic goals due to its market position, vendor partnerships, customer relationships, and employee investment. Disclaimer* Bytes Technology Group PLC 09 July 2026 9 July 2026 Bytes Technology Group plc ("BTG", "the Company" or "the Group") AGM Statement Bytes Technology Group plc, one of the UK and Ireland's leading software, security, AI and cloud services specialists, is holding its Annual General Meeting at 14:00 (BST) today. Ahead of the meeting, the Board issues the following business update. The Group traded well during the first four months of the financial year, delivering double-digit year-on-year growth in gross invoiced income and gross profit across both the private and public sectors, and operating profit broadly flat year-on-year. The Board is pleased with progress to date, which is consistent with the outlook provided in our full-year results announcement. Sam Mudd, Chief Executive Officer, said: "We're pleased with the progress we have made so far this year in executing against our strategy and continuing to expand our market share. We operate in a large and growing market, focusing on software solutions across AI, cloud and cybersecurity. We remain confident that our deep vendor partnerships, strong customer relationships, and ongoing investment in our employees position us well to achieve our strategic goals for the year." -Ends- Enquiries: Bytes Technology Group plc Sam Mudd, Chief Executive Officer Andrew Holden, Chief Financial Officer James Zaremba, Investor Relations Tel: +44 (0)1372 418 500 Email: IR@bytesplc.com Sodali & Co Elly Williamson Tilly Abraham Samuel Hillary Tel: +44 (0)2072 501446 Email: btg@info.sodali.com About Bytes Technology Group plc: BTG is one of the UK and Ireland's leading providers of IT software offerings and solutions, with a focus on AI, cloud and security products. The Company enables effective and cost-efficient technology sourcing, adoption and management across software services, including in the areas of security, cloud and AI solutions. It aims to deliver the latest technology to a diverse and embedded non-consumer customer base and has a long track record of delivering strong financial performance. The Company has a primary listing on the Main Market of the London Stock Exchange and a secondary listing on the Johannesburg Stock Exchange. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Bytes Technology Group (BYIT) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 48 minutes ago Canal+ SA 1 hour ago PayPoint 2 hours ago Premier Miton Group 3 hours ago Braemar 3 hours ago Hill and Smith All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and