Is it time to buy the ResMed dip again? ASX 200 N/A All Market Indices ASX 200 N/A All Ords N/A Small Ords N/A All Tech N/A Resources N/A All Indices ASX 200 N/A All Ords N/A Small Ords N/A All Tech N/A Resources N/A ws --> Press / All Stocks Indices Commodities Scans News All Stocks Indices Commodities Scans News Press / All Stocks Indices Commodities Scans News All Stocks Indices Commodities Scans News Watchlist Sign in Join for free Home ASX Indices News Stock Scans Commodities Popular Pages Plans & Portfolios Advertisement Home / News / Markets / Is it time to buy the ResMed dip again? Markets MARKETS News | Markets Is it time to buy the ResMed dip again? ResMed faces another weight-loss drug trial-related selloff. Is this another dip buying opportunity? Kerry Sun Lead Writer --> 25 June 2024 ∙ This article is more than 12 months old and may be outdated ∙ 3 min read Share Print Article Source: Shutterstock Mentioned RMD $16.3B Resmed Inc Cdi 10:1 Foreign Exempt NYSE KEY POINTS ResMed faces pressure from weight-loss drug trials, but has historically rebounded with strong earnings and management reassurances about complementary business impacts Eli Lilly's tirzepatide shows promising results for sleep apnea treatment, potentially reducing ResMed's addressable market by up to 35% according to Citi analysts Despite concerns, ResMed's recent financial performance remains strong, with management highlighting potential benefits from increased healthcare engagement due to weight-loss treatments Weight-loss drug trial results have seemingly trapped ResMed ( ASX: RMD ) in a cycle of repeated selloffs. However, the stock has consistently rebounded from these dips, buoyed by better-than-expected earnings and management's assurances that weight loss drugs complement their business. The question remains: Is this time any different? The latest trial results Pharmaceutical giant Eli Lilly reported the phase 3 clinical trial results for tirzepatide over the weekend. The trials evaluated the drug for the treatment of moderate-to-severe obstructive sleep apnea (OSA) in adults with obesity, Some of the key takeaways include: Tirzepatide reduced moderate-to-severe OSA severity by up to 62.8% (~30 fewer events per hour) 43.0% to 51.5% of participants on highest tirzepatide dose reached disease resolution criteria Eli Lilly submitted tirzepatide for FDA approval for OSA and obesity treatment Most common side effects include gastrointestinal issues such diarrhea, nausea, vomiting and constipation Citi's take Citi says it will take a couple more years for weight-loss drugs to have an impact on the CPAP market. "The impact of GLP-1s on CPAP devices and masks sales remains difficult to assess and will depend on GLP-1s uptake, adherence, and overall OSA market growth," the analysts said in a note on Thursday. In a worse case scenario, the data indicates that weight-loss drugs are a viable treatment option for approximately 70% of OSA patients that are obese. "Assuming that half of these patients see disease remission, it could mean a ~35% decline in the total addressable market for CPAP," the report said. The analysts expect the CPAP market to experience a total addressable market decline of circa 15% over FY26-28, resulting in ResMed revenue growth of 4%/3%/2% over FY26-28 (down from 6%/4%/2% respectively). The report downgraded ResMed from Buy to Neutral and lowered the target price from $36 to $30. This breaks a 20-month streak of being Buy-rated on the stock. No negative impacts to date ResMed's recent financial performance has shown resilience in the face of weight-loss drug concerns. The company's earnings have consistently surpassed analyst expectations for the past two quarters (results announced on January 25 and April 26, 2024). The better-than-expected earnings resulted in one-day share price rallies of 6-89% on both occasions. Contrary to fears about potential negative impacts from weight-loss medications, ResMed's management has maintained an optimistic outlook. In the latest quarterly commentary, Chief Executive Mick Farrell offered a nuanced perspective on the GLP-1 trend: "We believe the increased utilisation of GLP-1s to treat obesity will bring many new people into the healthcare funnel, activating them to see their primary care physicians as they strive for weight loss and other medical help." "This will open these patients up to knowledge of their other chronic diseases from their primary care physicians, including awareness of chronic diseases such as sleep apnea, ultimately driving new patients into diagnosis and treatment pathways that may not have previously been considered or being treated for those patients." The bottom line ResMed's current valuation reflects the market's cautious stance on the potential impact of weight-loss drugs. According to Citi, the company is trading at 21.8-times FY25 earnings, a moderate discount to its pre-pandemic average of 24-times. Recent trial results are increasingly pointing towards a significant disruption in the CPAP industry due to weight-loss treatments. Underscoring this shift, Eli Lilly has already submitted an FDA application for its sleep apnea treatment, with the company anticipating a regulatory decision as early as the end of this year. While ResMed has demonstrated resilience by rebounding strongly from weight-loss drug-related selloffs throughout the year, the looming threat is becoming more pronounced. The key question now is: Can ResMed once again push back against the doubters with another set of better-than-expected results? ABOUT THE AUTHOR Kerry Sun Lead Writer Kerry holds a Bachelor of Commerce from Monash University. He is passionate about equity research and trading (swing and intraday), with a focus on breaking down market-related catalysts into clear, contextual insights and developing data-driven market biases. Printed 26/07/2026 Advertisement Sign up to our free Market Wraps Get our free newsletters for expert market analysis and insights. Over 200k subscribers and growing. --> Subscribe for free: Morning Wrap Evening Wrap Weekend Wrap Subscribe By providing your email, you agree to Market Index’s Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy ASX INDICES ASX 20 ASX 50 ASX 100 ASX 200 ASX 300 All Ordinaries All ASX Indices COMMODITIES Iron Ore Crude Oil Gold Silver Copper All Commodities INVESTMENT SCANS Highest Dividend Yield Broker Consensus POPULAR PAGES List of ASX Companies Upcoming Dividends Director Transactions ASX Sectors ASX ETFs ASX Short Sale Data ASX Announcements Cboe Funds Australian Dollar NEWS Latest News Authors Editorial Process STATS & DOWNLOADS Data Downloads Market Statistics RESOURCES Trading Hours History of the ASX EDITORS PICKS How to Buy Shares in Australia Dividend Yield Basics The Basics of Franking Credits Top 10 Investment Movies & Documentaries OUR NETWORK Livewire Markets About Us Careers Privacy FSG Terms Of Use Contact Us Market Index and its data suppliers accept no responsibility for any claim, loss or damage whatsoever as a result of information on this website or services. The Market Index website is owned by FinTech Equity Pty Ltd (ACN: 637 943 803) AFSL #521588 Factual Information Only: The Market Index website and all content, advertisements and other material contained on our website is factual information only. We are not financial advisers and none of the content on our website should be interpreted as financial advice. Nothing on our website is intended to imply a recommendation or opinion about a financial product or class of financial products. Before you make an investment decision based on any of the information contained on our website, please consult a qualified financial adviser or stockbroker. All content is provided “as is” and not intended for trading purposes. Copyright © 2026 Market Index