SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSIONWASHINGTON, D.C. 20549  
FORM 8-K
  
CURRENT REPORTUnder Section 13 or 15(d)of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported):June 30, 2026  
ResMed Inc.
(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Charter)   Delaware  001-15317  98-0152841(State or Other Jurisdictionof Incorporation)  (CommissionFile Number)  (I.R.S. EmployerIdentification No.)
9001 Spectrum Center Blvd.San Diego, California 92123(Address of Principal Executive Offices)
(858) 836-5000(Registrant’s telephone number, including area code)  
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of thefollowing provisions:
 
☐ Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)
 
☐ Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)
 
☐ Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))
 
☐ Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
Title of each class  TradingSymbol(s)  Name of each exchangeon which registered
Common Stock, $0.004 par value  RMD  NYSE
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (§230.405 of thischapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§240.12b-2 of this chapter)
Emerging growth company ☐
If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with anynew or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act ☐   
For personal use only
Item 2.02. Results of Operations and Financial Condition.
On July 7, 2026, ResMed Inc. (the “Company” or “Resmed”) issued a press release announcing that on June 30, 2026 it entered into a definitiveagreement to sell its MatrixCare business to Frazier Healthcare Partners, a private equity firm focused exclusively on healthcare. The $490 millionall-cash transaction, subject to certain closing adjustments, is expected to close during the first quarter of Resmed’s fiscal year 2027, subject to requiredregulatory approvals and customary closing conditions.
Resmed intends to use net proceeds from the transaction to return capital to shareholders, including through an accelerated share repurchase (ASR)program, and for general corporate purposes.
Resmed and Frazier Healthcare Partners expect to enter into transition services agreements (“TSAs”) to facilitate continuity across systems, processes,tools, and day-to-day operations. These TSAs will largely offset stranded costs in the first-year post-closing. Resmed intends to mitigate and eliminateany remaining stranded costs over time.
Based on preliminary financial results for the full fiscal year 2026, the MatrixCare business represented approximately $220 million of revenue andapproximately $55 million of non-GAAP operating profit. In addition to the MatrixCare business-related financial considerations, Resmed’s recentlycompleted Noctrix acquisition is expected to contribute approximately $30 million of revenue and reduce non-GAAP diluted EPS by approximately$0.20 in fiscal year 2027.
Resmed continues to expect its Residential Care Software (RCS) segment to accelerate to high single digit percentage year-over-year revenue growth,along with operating leverage, in fiscal year 2027. Resmed will provide its full fiscal year 2027 outlook during its fourth quarter fiscal year 2026earnings call on August 6, 2026.
Resmed reiterates its full year fiscal year 2026 outlook for non-GAAP gross margin, non-GAAP SG&A as a percentage of revenue, R&D as apercentage of revenue, and non-GAAP tax rate, as provided on Resmed’s third quarter fiscal year 2026 earnings call on April 30, 2026. Resmed is alsoreiterating its fourth quarter fiscal year 2026 outlook for net interest income and planned share repurchases, as provided on Resmed’s third quarter fiscalyear 2026 earnings call on April 30, 2026.
The text of the press release issued by the Company is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this report.
The information furnished in this Current Report on Form 8-K under Item 2.02 and the attached exhibit shall not be deemed “filed” for purposes ofSection 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), or incorporated by reference in any filing under the Securities Actof 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such a filing.
 
Item 7.01. Regulation FD Disclosure.
The information included in Item 2.02 above is incorporated herein by reference.
The information furnished in this Current Report on Form 8-K under Item 7.01 and the attached exhibit shall not be deemed “filed” for purposes ofSection 18 of the Exchange Act, or incorporated by reference in any filing under the Securities Act, except as shall be expressly set forth by specificreference in such a filing.
 
Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits.
(d) Exhibits.
 Exhibits:  Description of Document
99.1   Press Release dated July 7, 2026
104   Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL, document) 2
For personal use only
SIGNATURES
We have authorized the person whose signature appears below to sign this report on our behalf, in accordance with the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.
 Date: July 7, 2026  ResMed Inc.  (registrant)
  By:  /s/ Michael J. Rider
  Name:  Michael J. Rider  Its:  Global General Counsel and Secretary 3
For personal use only
Exhibit 99.1
 
Resmed Announces Agreement to Sell MatrixCare Business
Sharpens Resmed’s focus on high-growth sleep and connected care markets
SAN DIEGO, July 7, 2026 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) — Resmed (NYSE: RMD, ASX: RMD), the leading health technology company focused onsleep, breathing and care delivered in the home, today announced it has entered into a definitive agreement to sell its MatrixCare business to FrazierHealthcare Partners, a private equity firm focused exclusively on health care.
This move reflects Resmed’s 2030 strategy by focusing on high-growth, scalable opportunities in sleep health, breathing health and connectedhome-based healthcare. The divestiture also strengthens Resmed’s ability to reallocate capital and resources toward innovation, operational scale andlong-term value creation across its connected, home-based care ecosystem.
MatrixCare provides software solutions to more than 15,000 providers and supports skilled nursing, senior living and long-term care, life planningcommunities, and home health and hospice care.
“Today’s announcement is about our disciplined approach to portfolio management and our commitment to driving long-term growth,” said MickFarrell, Chairman and CEO of Resmed. “By focusing on areas where we see the greatest opportunity for sleep health innovation and impact, we arestrengthening our ability to deliver life-changing health technologies, improve patient outcomes, and create value for our stakeholders. We are confidentMatrixCare and its affiliated businesses will continue to support team members and drive growth under new ownership with a dedicated focus on thelong-term care market.”
“Frazier has spent several years evaluating the post-acute care technology sector and believes MatrixCare has established itself as a leading platformserving skilled nursing, senior living, and home health and hospice provider,” said Ryan Lucero, General Partner at Frazier Healthcare Partners. “We arethrilled to partner with the MatrixCare team and plan to invest aggressively in product innovation to help providers deliver better outcomes as thepost-acute care landscape continues to evolve.”
The transaction includes MatrixCare and related software offerings historically sold under the MatrixCare brand, including Healthcare First, Citus, andhome health and hospice solutions (collectively defined as the “MatrixCare business”). It excludes Resmed’s other software businesses, Brightree in theU.S. and MEDIFOX DAN in Germany.
The transaction is expected to close during the first quarter of Resmed’s fiscal year 2027, subject to required regulatory approvals and customary closingconditions. Until closing, MatrixCare will continue to operate as part of Resmed, with no changes to customer service or support.
Resmed is providing additional information regarding this transaction through a Form 8-K furnished with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission(SEC). Supplementary materials related to this press release are available on Resmed’s Investor Relations website at investor.resmed.com.
Resmed will provide further updates regarding the financial impact of the transaction in its regulatory filings for the fourth quarter of its fiscal year2026, consistent with regulatory requirements. 1
For personal use only
About Resmed
Resmed (NYSE: RMD, ASX: RMD) creates life-changing health technologies that people love. We’re relentlessly committed to pioneering innovativetechnology to empower millions of people in 140 countries to live happier, healthier lives. Our AI-powered digital health solutions, cloud-connecteddevices and intelligent software make home healthcare more personalized, accessible and effective. Ultimately, Resmed envisions a world where everyperson can achieve their full potential through better sleep and breathing, with care delivered in their own home. Learn more at Resmed.com and follow@Resmed.
About Frazier Healthcare Partners
Founded in 1991, Frazier Healthcare Partners is a private equity firm focused exclusively on the healthcare industry. Since its inception, Frazier hasraised over $11 billion of capital for private funds and co-investment opportunities and has invested in more than 200 companies over 35 years. Frazierhas a philosophy of partnering with strong management teams while leveraging its internal operating resources and network to build exceptionalcompanies. Frazier is headquartered in Seattle, WA, with an office in New York City, and invests broadly across the U.S., Canada, and Europe. For moreinformation about Frazier, visit www.frazierhealthcare.com/home.
For Media
Brad Lotterman Brad.Lotterman@resmed.comnews@resmed.com
For Investors
Salli Schwartz Salli.Schwartz@resmed.cominvestorrelations@resmed.com 2
For personal use only