1  
Q1 FY26 Sales 
Press Release – Paris, 16 October 2025 
 
SLOW START TO THE YEAR AS EXPECTED, WITH DECLINES IN CHINA AND USA LEADING TO  
Q1 ORGANIC NET SALES -7.6% AND REPORTED -14.3% 
 
Sales for Q1 FY2 6 totalled €2,384m. U nfavourable Foreign Exchange impact of -€143m mainly 
linked to USD, INR and TRY1, and negative perimeter impact of -€54m mainly linked to the disposal 
of Wines. 
We are encouraged that our sell-out performance in the USA continued to improve versus the market. 
USA Net Sales declined in Q1, amplified by some inventory adjustments. Sales in China contracted 
sharply, with continued macroeconomic weakness that impacted consumer sentiment and demand, 
plus some inventory adjustments . India enjoyed strong underlying growth  with the exception of 
Maharashtra State. Demand in Maharashtra was impacted by excise policy changes. Global Travel 
Retail sales were soft and will benefit from the resumption of our sales of Cognac to China Duty Free 
from Q2. 
With our broad geographic base, positive performances in a number of markets across most regions, 
in Asia, Africa, Middle East, North America and Europe, helped to partially mitigate the declines in our 
top markets. Markets of note that enjoyed positive sales momentum in Q1 include Canada,  Turkey, 
Japan and South Africa.  
Price/mix is largely impacted by a negative market mix . Volumes declined in key markets, notably in 
the USA and China given the impact of destocking; and in India, given the Maharashtra excise policy 
changes.  
By regions, including Must Win markets: 
• Americas -12%, 
o USA -16%, 
- Gap to market continued to close, with resilient sell-out momentum while the 
Spirits market remained subdued 
- Sales were impacted by some inventory adjustments, as expected 
- Key brands including Jameson, Absolut and Kahlúa continued to outperform their 
respective competitive set 
- Marketing investments maintained above the group average with active program in 
place to support the important festive season 
o Canada: strong growth, in particular from newly acquired RTD brands, plus Jameson and 
Absolut 
o Brazil: declined, largely due to phasing 
o Mexico: declined sharply, amidst weak consumer demand 
• Asia-RoW -7%, 
o India +3%, 
- Sales enjoyed strong underlying dynamics, though challenged by the excise policy 
changes in Maharashtra state implemented in July 
- The 50% increase in excise taxes impacted significantly on consumer demand 
- Strong sales growth both on Royal Stag and on International Brands, led by 
Jameson 
- For the full year, we expect the excise policy change in Maharashtra state to weigh 
on our overall sales performance, though with continued favourable and dynamic 
underlying trends  
 
1 US Dollar, Indian Rupee and Turkish Lira
2  
o China -27%, 
- Sales contracted, in a still challenging macroeconomic environment 
- Soft consumer demand over the summer and into the Mid-Autumn Festival 
- On Trade is particularly impacted 
- Sales are further impacted by some trade inventory adjustments as expected  
- Cognac sales remain depressed, while premium brands continued to grow in Q1 , 
notably Jameson  
- We remain cautious on the demand environment, ahead of the important CNY period 
 
o Continued strong growth in Japan. Moderating rate of decline i n South Korea. Sharp 
decline in Taiwan market due to the weak consumer demand environment  
o Strong results in Africa and Middle East, notably in Turkey with Ballantine’s and Chivas 
Regal and in South Africa with Martell 
 
• Europe -4%,  
o Spain stabilising, Germany rate of decline  eased, and France and the UK in modest 
decline 
o Stellar performances of Perrier-Jouët, Bumbu and strong sales of Kahlúa 
• Global Travel Retail -15%,  
o Following the resolution to the Cognac anti-dumping investigation in July, the suspension 
of Cognac sales in China Duty Free has ended, with our sales expected to resume from 
Q2 
o Travel Retail in Asia beyond China remain ed weak, notably in South Korea, which is 
impacted by weakness in the domestic market 
o In Europe and America, underlying performance has been strong over the summer while 
sales were impacted by phasing 
o GTR expected to return to growth in FY26 
 
By brands: 
• Strategic International Brands -9%, mainly driven by Martell in China, Jameson and Absolut 
in the USA particularly impacted by inventory adjustment, by Ballantine’s in South Korea Travel 
Retail, and Royal Salute in Taiwan market 
• Strategic Local Brands -4%, Olmeca and Kahlúa showed solid momentum, Royal Stag in 
growth, declines in the remainder of the Seagram’s whiskies portfolio 
• Specialty Brands -5%, largely driven by the US A market performance, though with good 
results from Bumbu and the agave portfolio notably Código and Del Maguey 
• RTDs +10%: strong growth across the range of the portfolio 
 
FY26 Outlook 
For FY26, we continue to expect improving trends in Organic Net Sales, skewed toward H2 
 
We continue to invest to increase our brands’ desirability with sharp allocation, efficiency, innovation 
and experiences with A&P investment ratio expected to remain at c.16% 
 
We will defend our organic Operating Margin to the fullest extent possible, supported by strict cost 
control and the implementation of our FY26 to FY29 €1bn Operational Efficiencies program, including 
the adaptation of our “fit for future” organisation 
 
Focus on cash generation to continue, with strategic investments below €900m and strong operating 
working capital management. Cash conversion expected to improve further vs FY25
3  
FX impact expected to be significantly negative2 
 
 
Medium Term FY27-29  
 
Leveraging our unique broad-based and balanced geographic breadth and diversified portfolio of 
premium international spirits 
Projecting Organic Net Sales growth, aiming for the range of +3% to +6% p.a on average, with annual 
Organic Operating Margin expansion 
Anticipating organic margin expansion to be supported by efficiencies of €1bn from FY26 to FY29, 
with program to optimize Operations and implement a fit for future organisational structure 
Maintaining consistent investments behind our brands with c.16% A&P/NS, with agility and 
responsiveness to maximise opportunity by brand and market 
Strong cash generation aiming for c.80% and above cash conversion to fund our financial policy 
priorities, with strategic investments normalizing to no more than c. €1bn 
We are confident in our strategy, in our operating model and in the engagement of our teams, to deliver 
sustainable value growth over time 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2 Based on current Spot rates
4  
 
All growth data specified in this press release refers to organic growth (at constant FX and Group structure), unless otherwise 
stated. Data may be subject to rounding. 
 
Definitions and reconciliation of non-IFRS measures to IFRS measures 
Pernod Ricard’s management process is based on the following non-IFRS measures which are chosen for planning and 
reporting. The Group’s management believes these measures provide valuable additional information for users of the financial 
statements in understanding the Group’s performance. These non-IFRS measures should be considered as complementary to 
the comparable IFRS measures and reported movements therein. 
  
Organic growth 
- Organic growth is calculated after excluding the impacts of exchange rate movements, acquisitions and disposals, 
changes in applicable accounting principles and hyperinflation. 
- Exchange rates impact is calculated by translating the current year results at the prior year’s exchange rates and 
adding the year-on-year variance in the reported transaction impact between the current year and the previous year. 
- For acquisitions in the current year, the post -acquisition results are excluded from the organic movement 
calculations. For acquisitions in the prior year, post-acquisition results are included in the prior year but are included 
in the organic movement calculations of the current year only from the anniversary date of the acquisition. 
- The impact of hyperinflation on Profit from Recurring Operations in Turkey and Argentina is excluded from organic 
growth calculations by capping local unit price/cost increases to a maximum of +26% per year, equivalent to +100% 
over three years. 
- Where a business, brand, brand distribution right or agency agreement was disposed of or terminated in the prior 
year, the Group excludes the results for that business from the prior year in the organic movement calculations. For 
disposals or terminations in the current year, the Group excludes the results for that business from the prior year 
from the date of the disposal or termination. 
- This measure enables users to compare the Group’s performance on a like-for-like basis, focusing on areas that local 
management is most directly able to influence. 
 
Profit from recurring operations 
Profit from recurring operations corresponds to the operating profit excluding other non -recurring operating income and 
expenses. 
 
 
About Pernod Ricard 
Pernod Ricard is a worldwide leader in the spirits and wine industry, blending traditional craftsmanship, state -of-the-art 
brand-building, and global distribution technologies. Our prestigious portfolio of premium to luxury brands includes Absolut 
vodka, Ricard pastis, Ballantine’s, Chivas Regal, Royal Salute, and The Glenlivet Scotch whiskies, Jameson Irish whiskey, Martell 
cognac, Havana Club rum, Beefeater gin, Malibu liqueur and Mumm and Perrier -Jouët champagnes. Our mission is to ensure 
the long-term development of our brands with full respect for people and the environment, while empowering our employees 
around the world to be ambassadors of our purposeful, inclusive and responsible culture of authentic conviviality. Pernod 
Ricard’s consolidated sales amounted to €10,959 million in fiscal year FY25. 
Pernod Ricard is listed on Euronext (Ticker: RI; ISIN Code:FR0000120693) and is part of the CAC 40 index. 
 
Contacts 
Florence Tresarrieu    /   Global SVP Investor Relations and Treasury +33 (0) 1 70 93 17 03 
Edward Mayle           /   Investor Relations Director +33 (0) 6 76 85 00 45 
Ines Lo Franco           /   Investor Relations Manager +33 (0) 6 49 10 33 54 
Emmanuel Vouin      /   Head of External Engagement +33 (0) 1 70 93 16 34
5  
Appendices 
 
Financial Tables can be consulted on www.pernod-ricard.com 
 
Upcoming Communications 
 
Date (subject to change) Event 
27
th
 October 2025 Annual General Meeting 
19
th
 February 2026 H1 FY26 Sales and Results 
16
th
 April 2026 Q3 FY26 Sales 
 
 
 
Login details for the conference-call on October 16, 2025 
 
Available in the media section of the Pernod Ricard website
- 6 -