Disclaimer* Premier Miton Group PLC 04 December 2025 4 December 2025 Premier Miton Group plc ('Premier Miton', 'Group' or the 'Company') Chair Designate Appointment Premier Miton Group plc ( AIM: PMI) announces that Christopher Williams has been appointed to the Board as Non-Executive Director and Chair Designate to succeed Robert Colthorpe, whose nine-year term as Non-Executive Director with four-years as Senior Independent Director followed by five-years as Chair, will be concluding on 4 February 2026 at the Company's next Annual General Meeting ('AGM'). Christopher will stand for election at the 2026 AGM and, if elected, will move into the role of Chair of the Board with effect from the end of that AGM. Christopher brings substantial leadership and corporate finance experience to Premier Miton. He is a financial services sector specialist and has held senior investment banking advisory positions at Goldman Sachs, Citi, Credit Suisse, Perella Weinberg Partners and Deutsche Bank. He also served as a council member of Imperial College London and chaired the board of the university's endowment fund. Mike O'Shea, Chief Executive Officer, said: "We are pleased to welcome Chris to the Board. He has a wealth of experience in the financial sector as well as extensive corporate finance expertise, which will prove particularly valuable as we pursue further growth opportunities. We are also very grateful to Robert for his unwavering support over the last nine years, which has included acting as both Senior Independent Director and then Chair of the Board. He leaves Premier Miton in good stead, with a strong balance sheet, an experienced leadership team and significant opportunities for organic and inorganic growth". In accordance with Rule 17 and Schedule 2 (g) of the AIM Rules for Companies, Christopher Guy Williams (aged 60 years) holds/has held the following directorships/partnerships in the last five years: Current directorships and/or partnerships: Monro Williams Strategic Advisory Limited Campden SCI Past directorships and/or partnerships: Imperial College London Christopher Williams does not hold any legal or beneficial direct or indirect interest in the ordinary shares of the Company. Save as disclosed above, there is no further information required to be disclosed in respect of Christopher Williams pursuant to Schedule 2, paragraph (g) of the AIM Rules for Companies. ENDS For further information, please contact: Premier Miton Group plc Mike O'Shea, Chief Executive Officer 01483 306 090 Investec Bank plc (Nominated Adviser and Broker) David Anderson / Ben Griffiths / St John Hunter 020 7597 4000 Camarco Geoffrey Pelham-Lane / Ben Woodford 07733 124 226 / 07990 653 341 Notes to editors: Premier Miton Investors is focused on delivering good investment outcomes for investors through relevant products and active management across its range of investment strategies, which include equity, fixed income, multi-asset and absolute return. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Premier Miton Group (PMI) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 23 minutes ago IG Group Holdings 33 minutes ago Investec 47 minutes ago Regional REIT Limited 1 hour ago Centrica 1 hour ago Informa All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and