Disclaimer* Premier Miton Group PLC 29 December 2025 29 December 2025 Premier Miton Group plc ('Premier Miton' or the 'Company') PDMR/Director Dealing Premier Miton Group plc (AIM: PMI) announces that today it granted nil cost contingent share rights (the 'Awards') over ordinary shares of 0.02p each in the Company (the 'Shares') to certain senior managers and two Directors in accordance with the rules of the 2016 LTIP. Vesting of Awards is subject to continued employment and performance conditions based on Total Shareholder Return, Earnings Per Share, Assets under Management and other M&A and operational conditions, all measured over a three-year performance period ending 30 September 2028. Awards are subject to malus and clawback provisions. The notification below, made in accordance with the requirements of UK Market Abuse Regulation, provides further detail. 1. Details of PDMR / person closely associated with them ('PCA') a) Name Michael O'Shea 2. Reason for the notification a) Position / status Director b) Initial notification / amendment Initial notification 3. Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name Premier Miton Group plc b) LEI 213800LK2M4CLJ4H2V85 4. Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of financial instrument Identification Code Ordinary Shares of 0.02p each in Premier Miton Group plc ISIN: GB00BZB2KR63 b) Nature of the transaction Grant of nil cost contingent shares in accordance with the 2016 LTIP rules c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) Nil 816,000 Shares d) Aggregated information Aggregated volume Price N/A single transaction e) Date of the transaction 29 December 2025 f) Place of the transaction Outside a trading venue 1. Details of PDMR / person closely associated with them ('PCA') a) Name Piers Harrison 2. Reason for the notification a) Position / status Director b) Initial notification / amendment Initial notification 3. Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name Premier Miton Group plc b) LEI 213800LK2M4CLJ4H2V85 4. Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of financial instrument Identification Code Ordinary Shares of 0.02p each in Premier Miton Group plc ISIN: GB00BZB2KR63 b) Nature of the transaction Grant of nil cost contingent share award in accordance with the 2016 LTIP rules c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) Nil 425,000 Shares d) Aggregated information Aggregated volume Price N/A single transaction e) Date of the transaction 29 December 2025 f) Place of the transaction Outside a trading venue For further information, please contact: Enquiries: Premier Miton Group plc Mike O'Shea, Chief Executive Officer 01483 306 090 Investec Bank plc (Nominated Adviser and Broker) David Anderson / Ben Griffiths / St John Hunter 020 7597 4000 Camarco Geoffrey Pelham-Lane / Ben Woodford 07733 124 226 / 07990 653 341 KK Advisory Ltd Steve Keeling / Kam Bansil 020 7039 1901 Notes to editors: Premier Miton Investors is focused on delivering good investment outcomes for investors through relevant products and active management across its range of investment strategies, which include equity, fixed income, multi-asset and absolute return. LEI Number: 213800LK2M4CLJ4H2V85 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Premier Miton Group (PMI) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 23 minutes ago IG Group Holdings 33 minutes ago Investec 47 minutes ago Regional REIT Limited 1 hour ago Centrica 1 hour ago Informa All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and