Disclaimer* Premier Miton Group PLC 21 January 2026 21 January 2026 Premier Miton Group plc ('Premier Miton' or the 'Company') Annual General Meeting ('AGM') Premier Miton Group plc (AIM: PMI) announces that further to RNS announcement 5582M of 22 December 2025, shareholders wishing to join the AGM audio broadcast on Wednesday 4 February 2026 at 10.00 am should register their interest in advance by emailing companysecretarial@premiermiton.com . This is the same email address to which any questions may be submitted to the Board in advance of the AGM. Shareholders who register in this way will be issued a PIN which, together with shareholder credentials, will permit access to the AGM audio broadcast. A link to the AGM audio broadcast will be added to the AGM page of the corporate website in advance of the meeting. The Premier Miton Group plc AGM page can be found at the following link: https://premiermiton.com/corporate/annual-general-meeting Enquiries: Premier Miton Group plc Mike O'Shea, Chief Executive Officer 01483 306 090 Investec Bank plc (Nominated Adviser and Broker) David Anderson / Ben Griffiths / St John Hunter 020 7597 4000 Camarco Geoffrey Pelham-Lane / Ben Woodford 07733 124 226 / 07990 653 341 KK Advisory Ltd Steve Keeling / Kam Bansil 020 7039 1901 Notes to editors: Premier Miton Investors is focused on delivering good investment outcomes for investors through relevant products and active management across its range of investment strategies, which include equity, fixed income, multi-asset and absolute return. LEI Number: 213800LK2M4CLJ4H2V85 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Premier Miton Group (PMI) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 34 minutes ago Gresham House Energy Storage Fund 37 minutes ago Ashmore Group 40 minutes ago Ashmore Group 1 hour ago St James's Place 1 hour ago St James's Place All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and