Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation s 40 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 52 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 55 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 92 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 92 Item 9B. Other Information 93 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 93 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 94 Item 11. Executive Compensation 94 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 94 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence 94 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 94 PART IV Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 95 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 95 Index to Exhibits 95 Signatures 98 2 Table of Contents INFORMATION This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements other than statements of historical fact, which may consist of, among other things, trend analyses and statements regarding future events, future financial performance, anticipated growth, and industry prospects, are . Words such as “aims,” “anticipates,” “assumes,” “believes,” “commitments,” “could,” “estimates,” “expects,” “forecasts,” “foresees,” “goals,” “intends,” “may,” “plans,” “predicts,” “projects,” “seeks,” “should,” “targets” and “would,” and variations of such words and similar expressions are intended to identify such statements. These statements are inherently uncertain and based on management’s current expectations and assumptions, which are subject to risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict, including those described in Part I, Item 1A, “Risk Factors,” Part II, Item 7, “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,” Part II, Item 7A, “Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk,” and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Moreover, we operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment and new risks emerge from time to time. It is not possible for our management to predict all risks, nor can we assess the impact of all factors on our business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results or outcomes to differ materially from those contained in any statements. In light of these and other risks and uncertainties, the future events and trends discussed in this Annual Report on Form 10-K may not occur as we expect or at all, and our actual results or outcomes may differ materially and adversely from those expressed or implied in our statements. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such statements. Except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to revise or update publicly any statements for any reason. 3 Table of Contents PART I. ITEM 1. BUSINESS Overview Salesforce, Inc. (“Salesforce,” the “Company,” “we” or “our”) is a global leader in customer relationship management (“CRM”) technology, enabling companies of every size and industry to connect with their customers through the power of data, artificial intelligence (“AI”), CRM and trust. Founded in 1999, we bring humans together with AI agents to drive customer success on one deeply unified platform. Our Salesforce Platform unites our offerings — spanning sales, service, marketing, commerce, collaboration, integration, AI, analytics, automation, industries and more — by connecting customer data across systems, applications and devices to create a complete view of customers. With this single source of customer truth, teams can be more responsive, productive and efficient and deliver intelligent, personalized and automated experiences across every channel. With Agentforce, the agentic layer of the Salesforce Platform, our customers can build and augment their teams with an digital labor force, deploying autonomous AI agents across business functions that aim to increase productivity, lower costs and drive operational efficiencies. Our service offerings are designed to be flexible, scalable and easy to use. They can generally be configured easily, deployed rapidly and integrated with other platforms and enterprise applications. We sell to businesses worldwide, primarily on a subscription basis, through our direct sales efforts and also indirectly through partners. In addition, we enable third parties to use our platform and developer tools to create additional functionality and new applications that run on our platform, which are sold separately from, or in conjunction with, our service offerings. Salesforce is committed to a core set of values: trust, customer success, innovation, equality and sustainability – all of which are grounded in legal and regulatory frameworks that guide and inform our business. Foremost among these is trust, which is paramount and the foundation for everything we do, and is also firmly rooted in compliance with applicable laws governing security, privacy, data protection and operational integrity. Our customers expect to trust and rely on our technology to meet the high standards of security, privacy, performance, legal compliance and availability at scale. Customer success is at the core of our business, and we align the entire company around our customers’ needs, promoting their success, showing our value and upholding applicable laws, contractual obligations and industry regulations and standards. Innovation is fundamental to our mission, empowering and enabling our customers to stay ahead in their industries and driving technological advancements in line with evolving laws, standards and guidelines. Equality is a legal and ethical mandate and a core tenet that informs how we operate. Our commitment to equal opportunity is anchored in applicable laws, statutes, regulations and principles. We value the equality of every individual at our company and in our communities and are dedicated to fostering a workplace that complies with these protections, creating an inclusive culture where every individual feels seen, heard and valued. Finally, we are committed to creating a more sustainable and future for all. Our products and services help our customers meet their own sustainability and compliance priorities, guided by applicable environmental and sustainability-related laws, corporate social responsibility frameworks and legal requirements. By grounding our values in legal and regulatory principles, we reinforce our opportunity and responsibility to uphold high integrity and robust ethical standards, ensuring that trust, fairness, and compliance remain central to everything we seek to do. We believe that our values, grounded in legal and regulatory frameworks, create value, and the business of business is to make the world a better place for all of our stakeholders, including stockholders, customers, employees, partners, the planet and the communities in which we work and live. Salesforce is committed to giving back to our communities, helping businesses grow while protecting the environment for future generations, and transparent environmental, social and governance disclosures. We believe we have a broad responsibility to society, and we aspire to create a framework for the ethical and humane use of technology that not only drives the success of our customers, but also upholds the basic human rights of every individual. Our Service Offerings We believe that every business, in every industry, has to optimize for an experience for their customers, employees and partners, leveraging trusted AI, data and CRM technology to increase efficiency, boost productivity and drive growth. Through Agentforce, our suite of customizable AI agents and tools, Salesforce brings autonomous AI, unified data and applications together on one deeply unified platform that enables companies of any industry or size to deliver , personalized engagement across every customer touchpoint with the ability to hyperscale data and automation. Our service offerings are designed to work together and include: Sales. Our Sales offering is an integrated platform that brings together the power of humans with AI agents to help sales teams sell faster and smarter, and to efficiently manage and automate entire sales processes. It provides sales capabilities and tools built for an entire sales organization – across prospecting, sales engagement, team collaboration, sales analytics and AI, sales programs, sales performance, partner management, and revenue and orders. With our Sales offering, businesses can create 4 Table of Contents lifelong customers by connecting their entire organization and unifying all data sources on a single integrated platform. Further, with Agentforce for Sales, customers can build a sales team augmented by a digital labor force and empower every seller with their own AI agent to help accelerate productivity and drive growth. Service. Our Service offering enables companies in every industry to bring all of their customer service and field service needs onto one integrated, platform to deliver trusted, highly personalized customer support at scale. It also helps our customers maximize productivity, resolve cases faster and improve customer satisfaction by automating routine tasks. With Agentforce for Service, customers can tap the power of digital labor to handle interactions and help their teams with tasks, unlocking new levels of efficiency. Our AI technology enables service teams to automatically route cases to the best service agent for the job, respond to customers with personalized, relevant answers grounded in company data and perform tasks like support cases and field work orders. Our service offering also provides a field service solution that enables companies to connect service agents, dispatchers and mobile employees through one centralized platform, on which they can intelligently schedule and dispatch work as well as track and manage jobs. Platform and Other. The Salesforce Platform enables companies of all industries, sizes, and locations to build business workflows, applications and AI agents on a single, comprehensive platform to help boost efficiency, increases productivity and automation and save on information technology costs. It facilitates development with and tools that are easy to use and free to learn, empowering anyone to build trusted applications, AI agents, models, code, prompts, automations, and much more. Our Trust Layer is built into the Salesforce Platform to help customers safely use their data and set guardrails on what AI agents do with that data. The Salesforce Platform is built on Hyperforce, our infrastructure that helps customers manage data governance and compliance at a local level, all over the world. Our technology partners help customers to easily add the applications they need and utilize the data lakes and systems they have already invested in, and because the platform is open source, customers can integrate and build with any data or partner application they choose to make the platform work for their business. Slack. Our Slack offering is a workplace communication and productivity platform where work happens for millions of people every day. It centralizes conversations and collaboration, automates business processes, makes search and knowledge sharing seamless, and delivers trusted generative and agentic AI that augments employees so they can work smarter, make decisions faster, and drive real outcomes. Slack is also deeply integrated with every Salesforce offering, including Agentforce, bringing a digital labor force into the messages and channels where work is happening. With Agentforce in Slack, employees across every department can collaborate with specialized AI agents and accelerate work directly in the flow of work. Marketing and Commerce. Marketing. Our Marketing offering is a complete marketing platform designed to help customers personalize engagement across the customer lifecycle. By connecting departments through actionable data, trusted AI, and autonomous AI agents, we empower teams to work together to build lasting customer relationships. With Agentforce, marketers can save time on every step of the campaign process by using prompts to generate briefs, content, and journeys, as well as optimize performance and spend with actionable insights and predictive AI. With operational customer profiles, marketers and AI agents can easily take action on structured and unstructured data to build segments, calculate insights, analyze performance, and power AI recommendations, decisioning, and automations. Our Marketing offering is built on the Salesforce Platform, so that marketing teams are able to seamlessly provide sales recommendations, help service retain customers with proactive promotions, and inactive shoppers. Commerce. Our Commerce offering helps connect every aspect of commerce—from marketing and sales to service and fulfillment—on a single, connected, platform, enabling brands to deliver personalized, seamless shopping experiences across every customer touchpoint. With Agentforce for Commerce, brands can autonomously manage a range of tasks with AI agents, such as product recommendations and order lookup, helping to boost capacity and productivity across marketing, commerce, merchandising, and store operations. With trusted AI and AI agents, businesses can generate product descriptions and web pages; and deliver personalized shopping assistance using natural language. Native integrations between our Commerce, Sales, Service, and Marketing offerings enable brands to tackle complex challenges and build cohesive digital experiences. Additionally, our Commerce offering delivers tools, which provide customers with the ability to quickly build and deploy our solutions around their customers as markets, industries, and customers evolve. Integration and Analytics. Integration. Our unified Integration, Automation and API Management offerings, powered by MuleSoft, provide the essential building blocks to deliver , , connected experiences and innovate faster. Customers use MuleSoft to connect data across any system, take action on their data using or to automate tasks across any system, and scale API governance to help secure and monitor all of their data in transit. With MuleSoft, customers can extend Agentforce to any system to take action outside of Salesforce. 5 Table of Contents Analytics . Our analytics offerings, including Tableau, provide advanced, solutions for a wide range of business use cases, powered by agentic AI. With Tableau, customers can visualize, analyze, and act on business data from any source. Tableau helps users work more efficiently, spot trends, predict outcomes, receive timely recommendations, and take action with autonomous AI agents. Additionally, Tableau enriches Agentforce with data visualizations and business context, lowering the barriers of data access for everyone. Other Salesforce Offerings In addition to our solution specific service offerings, we have specialized solutions that work across our offerings to support our customers’ business needs. These additional service offerings include: Agentforce. Agentforce is the agentic layer of the Salesforce Platform for deploying autonomous AI agents that can understand and respond to customer inquiries without human intervention across business functions. Agentforce includes a set of tools to create and customize AI agents, as well as a library of skills for most any use cases across sales, service, marketing and commerce, Tableau, Slack, partners and more. Agentforce is a complete AI system for building a digital labor force, integrating data, AI, automation, and humans to deploy trusted AI agents for concrete business outcomes. It works by giving teams tools, services, and AI agents that can tap into the power of a large language model (“LLM”) and their connected business data to autonomously identify what work needs to be done, build a plan to complete the work, and then execute the plan. Data Cloud. Data Cloud is our hyperscale, trusted data engine native to Salesforce. It brings a company’s enterprise data into Salesforce to deliver an actionable, comprehensive and robust view of a customer by connecting enterprise data from disparate sources and harmonizing it into a single, trusted model that is easy to access and understand. By leveraging Data Cloud’s robust framework for data ingestion, transformation and indexing, integrations with generation improve customer experiences by transforming unstructured text and data into searchable insights, empowering companies to respond to customer queries with more context, relevance, knowledge, and advanced reasoning. Data Cloud leverages the power of Salesforce metadata to enable companies to ingest and federate data to power automation, analytics, and AI agents across Salesforce applications. Industries. Our industry vertical offerings meet the specific needs of our customers across different industries, such as financial services, healthcare and life sciences, manufacturing, automotive and government. Each of our distinct industry offerings provide , capabilities that make it easy for industry customers to leverage the full Salesforce Platform with tools that address needs and enable the speed and flexibility to keep up with changing times and customer demands. Salesforce’s industry offering also includes Industries AI – a suite of more than 100 industries capabilities and a library with resources on how to get started for every industry offering. Industries AI capabilities serve as the foundation for creating AI agents with Agentforce that can be set up in minutes, work around the clock, and autonomously perform business tasks and actions. Salesforce Starter. We offer Starter Suite, an , solution for small and businesses that brings sales. service, marketing and commerce together. Starter Suite helps businesses get set up with Salesforce quickly and easily, so they can save time, boost productivity, and manage relationships with all of their customer operations in one, centralized location. Starter Suite allows businesses to build a trusted foundation of customer data for advanced AI technology to support efficient business growth. Business Benefits of Using Our Solutions The key advantages of our solutions include the following: • an , deeply unified platform for , and for the , world; • scalable, efficient and flexible solutions for any size company or industry; • a single source of truth that connects customer data across systems, applications and devices to help companies sell, service, market and conduct commerce from anywhere; • the ability to unlock companies’ customer data across their business, see and understand their data with advanced analytics, make predictions with pervasive AI, automate tasks and personalize every interaction; • the ability to infuse trusted AI in the flow of work and create AI agents that help make the customer experience more intelligent, automated and personalized, and employees more productive; • the ability to collaborate easily with customers, employees, partners and systems; • modern and tools powered by leading edge AI, which empowers developers and business users to create digital experiences and configure and automate business processes to fit the needs of any business, accelerating time to value; • the ability to accelerate adoption and drive results with , compliant tools and processes that deliver functionality, security and interoperability; and 6 Table of Contents • an enterprise application marketplace and a community of tens of millions of Trailblazers: passionate developers, admins and experts who use Salesforce to innovate and extend the platform with thousands of partner applications. Our Business and Growth Strategy We continue to expand in the growing addressable markets across all of our service offerings. We continue to focus on several key growth levers, including driving multiple service offering adoption, increasing our penetration with enterprise and international customers and our reach with more vertical software solutions. We orient our business strategy and invest for future growth by focusing on the following key priorities: Expand relationships with existing customers. We see significant opportunities to deepen existing customer relationships through and upselling our service offerings. For example, we continue to focus on driving multiple service offering adoption, which provides our customers with a for their business technology needs. As our customers realize the benefits of our entire suite of service offerings, we aim to upgrade the customers’ experience with new products and features and gain additional subscriptions by targeting new functional areas and business units. Finally, we aim to expand our relationships with existing customers through our additional support offerings. Increase geographic reach. By extending our capabilities globally, we aim to grow our business by selling to new customers in new regions. We will continue to pursue businesses of all sizes in most major markets globally. We also plan to continue to develop distribution channels through new and existing marketplaces and partners for our solutions around the globe and new strategies. We continue to invest in our domestic and international operations and infrastructure to deliver the service to our customers around the world. Focus on industries and new products. As part of our growth strategy, we are delivering innovative and solutions in new categories based on our existing and potential customers’ needs. For example, we provide solutions specifically built for customers in certain industries, such as financial services, healthcare and life sciences, manufacturing and more. In addition, through direct discussions and strategic engagements with our customers, we are able to deliver the innovations and enhancements that align with the needs of our customers. In the third quarter of fiscal 2025, we introduced Agentforce, the agentic layer of the Salesforce Platform for deploying autonomous AI agents across any business function. Agentforce includes a set of tools to create and customize AI agents, as well as a library of skills for any use case across sales, service, marketing and commerce, Tableau, Slack, partners and more. Leverage our partner ecosystem. The Salesforce Platform enables customers, independent software vendors (“ISVs”) and developers to create, test and deliver applications. These applications can be marketed and sold on the AppExchange, our enterprise cloud marketplace, or sold directly by software vendors. In addition, we rely on our consulting partners to deliver technology solutions and expertise to customers, from implementations to more limited solutions that help businesses run more efficiently. We continue to work with and invest in our partner ecosystem, including these ISVs and system integrators (“SIs”), to accelerate our reach into new markets and industries. Promote strong customer adoption and reduce customer attrition. We believe that we have the people, processes and proven innovation to help companies transform successfully. Our customer success programs, including success management resources, advisory services, technical architects and business strategists, help enable and accelerate our customers’ digital transformations. In addition, we have free, curated resources such as Trailhead to help companies learn our systems and a community of Trailblazers who drive innovation. With these programs and resources, we aim to reduce attrition and secure renewals of existing customer subscriptions. Mergers and Acquisitions and Strategic Investments We evaluate opportunities to acquire or invest in complementary businesses, services, technologies and intellectual property to complement our organic innovation and advance the development of our Salesforce Platform. Our evaluation seeks to confirm that any potential acquisition accelerates our strategy, represents an attractive customer opportunity, provides a pathway to effectively monetize the acquired products and drive significant operational efficiencies and presents a clear timeline for value accretion. Our acquisitions can range in size and complexity, from those that enhance or complement existing products and accelerate development of features to acquisitions that result in new service offerings. Our goal is to prioritize the use of our balance sheet, through cash and debt, to complete acquisitions. We also manage a portfolio of strategic investments in both privately held and publicly traded companies focused primarily on enterprise cloud companies, technology startups and SIs. Our investments range from early to late stage companies, including investments made concurrent with a company’s initial public offering. We invest in companies that we believe are digitally transforming their industries, improving customer experiences, helping us expand our solution ecosystem or supporting other corporate initiatives, including AI. We plan to continue making these types of strategic investments as opportunities arise that we find attractive, including investments in companies representing targeted businesses, technological initiatives and geographies. Our strategy includes growing our strategic investment portfolio, in part, by reinvesting proceeds from the sales of strategic investments. 7 Table of Contents Technology, Development and Operations We primarily deliver our solutions as highly scalable cloud computing application and platform services on a technology architecture. is an architectural approach that allows us to operate a single application instance for multiple organizations, treating all customers as separate tenants who run in virtual isolation from each other. This approach allows us to spread the cost of delivering our services across our user base and scale our business faster than traditional software vendors while focusing our resources on building new functionality and enhancing existing offerings. We provide our services through cloud computing platform partners who offer Infrastructure- , including servers, storage, databases and networking, as well as through infrastructure designed and operated by us but secured within data center facilities. We continue to invest and expand the deployment of Hyperforce, which allows our platform and applications to be delivered rapidly and reliably to locations worldwide and provides our customers autonomy and control over data residency. Our technology and product efforts are focused on improving and enhancing the features, functionality, performance, availability and security of our existing service offerings, as well as developing new features, functionality and services. We also remain focused on integrating businesses, services and technologies from acquisitions. Performance, functional depth, security, usability, ease of integration and configuration and sustainability of our solutions influence our technology decisions and product direction. Competition The market for our service offerings is highly competitive, rapidly evolving and fragmented, and subject to changing technology with low barriers to entry, shifting customer needs and frequent introductions of new products and services. Our current competitors include: • vendors of packaged business software, as well as companies offering enterprise applications delivered through offerings from enterprise software application vendors and cloud computing application service providers, either individually or with others; • software companies that provide their product or service free of charge as a single product or when bundled with other offerings, or only charge a premium for advanced features and functionality, as well as companies that offer solutions that are sold without a direct sales organization; • vendors who offer software tailored to specific services, industries or market segments, as opposed to our full suite of service offerings including suppliers of traditional business intelligence and data preparation products, integration software vendors, marketing vendors, e-commerce solutions vendors, or AI software and service vendors; • productivity tool and email providers, unified communications providers and consumer application companies that have entered the business software market; and • traditional platform development environment companies and cloud computing development platform companies who may develop toolsets and products that allow customers to build new applications, including AI augmented applications, that run on the customers’ current infrastructure or as hosted services, as well as customers who may develop enterprise applications for internal use. We believe more companies may become competitive threats due to the attractiveness of the markets in which we operate. We also expect our competition to change and evolve as we expand into more markets, with new offerings. Customers We sell to businesses of all sizes and in almost every industry worldwide. The number of paying subscriptions at each of our customers ranges from one to hundreds of thousands. None of our customers accounted for more than ten percent of our revenues in fiscal years 2025, 2024 or 2023. In addition, we do not have any material dependencies on any specific product, service or particular group or groups. Customer Service and Support We offer professional services to help customers achieve business results faster with Salesforce solutions. Our architects and innovation program teams act as advisors to plan and execute digital transformations for our customers. This includes implementation services for and complex deployments. We provide and recommendations and adoption programs globally. In addition, we provide advanced education, including and online courses, to certify our customers and partners on architecting, administering, deploying and developing our service offerings. Our global customer support group responds to both business and technical inquiries about the use of our products via the web, telephone, email, social networks and other channels. We provide standard customer support during regular business hours to customers as part of our paying subscription editions. We also offer premier customer support that is either included in a premium success offering or sold for an additional fee, which can include services such as priority access to technical resources, developer support and system administration. In addition, we offer a premier priority support that includes proactive monitoring, rapid incident response and instruction from a dedicated support team knowledgeable about the customer's specific 8 Table of Contents enterprise architecture. With the launch of Agentforce, we’ve made it easier for customers to find answers by providing an even more intuitive experience on our Salesforce Help page. Agentforce can resolve customer issues swiftly and accurately because answers are grounded in our trusted unstructured content unified in Data Cloud. By automating simple and repetitive tasks, our support engineers will be able to augment and scale their time in a more valuable way. Sales and Marketing We sell our services primarily through our direct sales force, which comprises sales personnel based in regional hubs, field sales personnel based in territories close to their customers and offerings. To a lesser extent, we also utilize a network of partners who refer sales leads to us and assist in selling to prospects. This network includes global consulting firms, SIs and other partners. In return, we typically pay these partners a fee based on the subscription revenue generated by the customers they refer. We continue to invest in developing additional distribution channels for our subscription services. We use a variety of marketing programs across traditional and social channels to target our prospective and current customers, partners and developers. We focus our marketing activities in the cities and countries with the largest market opportunities. Our primary marketing activities include: • multichannel marketing campaigns that span email, social media, the web, television and more, which align to a broader customer journey; • and virtual customer events of all sizes to create customer and prospect awareness, including proprietary events such as Dreamforce and our virtual Dreamforce to You, World Tours and other virtual events, as well as participation in trade shows and industry events; • live events and original programming on our Salesforce+ streaming service, which includes discussions about the future of technology in the , work anywhere world and educational content to learn new skills and pursue new career opportunities; • press and industry analyst relations to garner validation and generate positive coverage for our company, brand, service offerings and value proposition; • partner activities with global and regional implementation partners; • customer testimonials and our community of Trailblazers: individuals who drive innovation, grow their careers and transform their businesses using the Salesforce Platform; • and virtual technology event sponsorships; and • event partnerships with global brands and organizations. Intellectual Property We rely on a combination of trademarks, copyrights, trade secrets, patents and contractual provisions to protect our proprietary technology and our brands. We also enter into confidentiality and proprietary rights agreements with our employees, consultants and other third parties and control access to software, services, documentation and other proprietary information. We believe the duration of our patents is adequate relative to the expected lives of our service offerings. We also purchase or license technology that we incorporate into our products or services. At times, we make select intellectual property broadly available at no or low cost to achieve a strategic objective, such as promoting industry standards, advancing interoperability, supporting open source software or attracting and enabling our external development community. While it may be necessary in the future to seek or renew licenses relating to various aspects of our products and business methods, we believe, based upon past experience and industry practice, such licenses generally should be obtainable on commercially reasonable terms. Human Capital Management Salesforce is committed to a core set of values: trust, customer success, innovation, equality and sustainability. These core values are the foundation of our company culture, which we believe is fundamental to, and a competitive advantage in, our approach to managing our workforce. We believe our company culture fosters open dialogue, collaboration, recognition and a sense of belonging, all of which allow us to attract and retain the best talent, which is critical for our continued success. For example, our sales, engineering and customer success teams are critical to our ability to grow, innovate, and promote the trust and success of our customers. We believe our efforts in managing our workforce have been effective. Our focus on our workplace environment and a strong company culture has led to recognition across the globe, as evidenced by the following awards: Ethisphere’s World’s Most Ethical Companies (2024 and for the 15th time), One of America's Most JUST Companies from JUST Capital (2025 and for the eighth year in a row), Fortune World's Most Admired Companies (2025 for the 11th year in a row), Fortune 100 Best Companies to Work For (2024 and for the 16th year in a row), Fortune World’s Most Innovative Companies (2024, for the second year in a row), a Top 100 Employer of Choice on the American Opportunity Index (2024 and for the third year in a row), A Glassdoor Best Places to Work 2025, a 2024 Great Place to Work Best Workplace in: Japan, UK, South Korea, Argentina, France, Spain, Denmark, Canada, United States, Switzerland, Mexico, Ireland, The Netherlands, India, Portugal, 9 Table of Contents Brazil, Singapore, Australia and a Built In’s 2025 Best Places to Work winner in: Dallas, Colorado, Austin, Seattle, Atlanta, Boston, San Francisco and a 100 Best U.S. Large Companies to Work For in 2025 overall. As of January 31, 2025, we had 76,453 employees. None of our employees in the United States are represented by a labor union. However, employees of certain foreign subsidiaries are represented by works councils. We have continued to invest in development programs, employee engagement and ongoing communications and feedback. For additional information on our workforce, refer to our annual Stakeholder Impact Report, https://salesforce.com/stakeholder- . Some of our key human capital management initiatives are summarized below: Equality Our approach to equality is firmly rooted in compliance with federal law (as a U.S. company) and other applicable laws and regulations in the regions in which we operate, including statutes, regulations and principles governing equal pay, equal opportunity and protections. These legal frameworks shape our commitment to fostering a workplace where all individuals are treated equally, have access to opportunities and are protected from discrimination. By adhering to these laws, we uphold a fair and inclusive environment where our employees can do the best work and teaming of their careers, reinforcing principles of equality, dignity and respect for all. Talent and Career Development We offer our employees various talent development programs to create a culture of continuous learning and new ways to grow their careers. We provide learning and development opportunities through Career Connect, our internal talent marketplace, and Trailhead, our learning platform available for all employees. We encourage our employees to seek personal and professional development opportunities with external organizations and offer yearly education reimbursement to employees who wish to continue education from accredited institutions or organizations. Total Rewards We believe offering competitive compensation packages and robust benefits is an important factor in our ability to attract, retain and motivate our employees and to help enhance their everyday wellbeing. We use a combination of fixed and variable cash compensation for all employees and award equity compensation to certain employees in the form of restricted stock units and performance-based restricted stock units, and on a limited basis, stock options. Eligible employees are also able to participate in our Employee Stock Purchase Plan, which allows employees to purchase our stock at a 15 percent discount up to U.S. Internal Revenue Code limits. We also match up to $5,000 of donations, per employee, to eligible nonprofit organizations, and effective February 1, 2025, donations are matched up to $10,000 per employee. We offer employees benefits that vary by country and are designed to meet or exceed local legal requirements and to be competitive in the marketplace. Our V2MOM and Code of Conduct Alignment and consistent and clear communication are a key part of our employee engagement, especially as we continue to grow. Each year, we complete a corporate V2MOM, which is our business plan for the year used to align the Company on our vision, values, methods, obstacles and measures for the upcoming year. All employees are then expected to complete their own V2MOM that aligns with the corporate V2MOM. In addition, our Code of Conduct reflects our core values, which remain the foundation of the Company and which directly impact our ability to deliver success. We expect all of our employees to act with integrity, including treating others with compassion and respect. Employee Engagement and Satisfaction Our leadership strives for active engagement with our employees through a variety of channels, including meetings and our daily newsletter, The Daily, allowing employees to stay connected with the business and new developments. Twice a year, all employees have the opportunity to complete a confidential survey measuring employee engagement and experience, the health of our culture and how we are living up to our values. This survey is one of several ways we see to understand employee experience and drive real change across the Company. Government Regulation We operate globally and are subject to numerous U.S. federal, state and foreign laws and regulations covering a wide variety of subject matters. Additional information regarding governmental regulations relevant to our business is discussed in Part I, Item 1A, “Risk Factors.” Available Information Our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), and all amendments to these filings, can be obtained free of charge from our website at http://investor.salesforce.com/financials/ or by contacting our Investor Relations department at our office address listed above as soon as reasonably practicable following our filing of any of these reports with the SEC. The SEC maintains an Internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding issuers that 10 Table of Contents file electronically with the SEC at www.sec.gov. The contents of these and other websites referenced throughout the filing are not incorporated and do not constitute a part of this filing. Further, our references to the URLs for these websites are intended to be inactive textual references only. Our principal executive offices are located in San Francisco, California. Our principal address is Salesforce Tower, 415 Mission St., 3rd Floor, San Francisco, California 94105, and our primary website address is www.salesforce.com. ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS In evaluating our business, you should carefully consider the following discussion of material risks, events and uncertainties that make an investment in us speculative or risky in addition to the other information included in this Annual Report. A manifestation of any of the following risks and uncertainties could, in circumstances we may or may not be able to accurately predict, materially and adversely affect our business and operations, growth, reputation, prospects, operating and financial results, financial condition, cash flows, liquidity and stock price. Some of the factors, events and contingencies discussed below may have occurred in the past, but the disclosures below are not representations as to whether or not the factors, events or contingencies have occurred in the past and instead reflect our beliefs and opinions as to the factors, events or contingencies that could materially and adversely affect us in the future. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face. Other events, factors or uncertainties that we do not currently anticipate or that we currently deem immaterial also may affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, other key metrics and the trading price of our common stock. Therefore, you should not consider the following risks to be a complete statement of all the potential risks or uncertainties that we face. Risk Factor Summary Operational and Execution Risks • Any breaches in our security measures or those of our data center hosting facilities, cloud computing platform providers or service partners, or the underlying infrastructure of the Internet that cause unauthorized access to a customer’s data, our data or our IT systems, or the blockage or disablement of authorized access to our services. • Any defects or disruptions in our services that diminish demand for our services. • Any interruptions or delays in services from third parties, including data center hosting facilities, cloud computing platform providers and other hardware and software vendors, as well as internet availability, or from our inability to adequately plan for and manage service interruptions or infrastructure capacity requirements. • An inability to realize the expected business or financial benefits of company and technology acquisitions. • Strain on our personnel resources and infrastructure from supporting our existing and growing customer base or an inability to scale our operations and increase productivity. • Customer attrition, or our inability to accurately predict subscription renewals and upgrade rates. • Disruptions caused by periodic changes to our sales organization. • Exposure to risks inherent in international operations from sales to customers outside the United States. • A more and expensive sales cycle, pricing pressure and implementation and configuration challenges as we target more of our sales efforts at larger enterprise customers. • Any loss of key members of our management team or development and operations personnel, or inability to attract and retain employees necessary to support our operations and growth. • Any failure in the delivery of professional and technical support services related to our online applications. Strategic and Industry Risks • An inability to compete effectively in the intensely competitive markets in which we participate. • Any failure to expand our services and to develop and integrate our existing services in order to keep pace with technological developments. • An inability to maintain and enhance our brands. • Partial or complete loss of invested capital, or significant changes in the fair value, of our strategic investment portfolio. • Any discontinuance by developers and providers in embracing our technology delivery model and enterprise cloud computing services, or customers asking us for warranties for applications, integrations, data and content. • Social and ethical issues, including the use or capabilities of AI in our offerings. 11 Table of Contents • The evolving landscape related to ESG matters. Legal and Regulatory Risks • Privacy concerns and laws as well as evolving regulation of cloud computing, increased restriction of data transfers and other regulatory developments. • Evolving regulations, requirements, interpretive positions or standards. • Lawsuits against us by third parties for various claims, including alleged infringement of proprietary rights. • Any failure to obtain registration or protection of our intellectual property rights. • Risks related to government contracts and related procurement regulations. • Governmental sanctions and export and import controls that could impair our ability to compete in international markets and may subject us to liability. Financial Risks • Downturns or upturns in new business, which may not be immediately reflected in our operating results because we generally recognize revenue from subscriptions for our services over the term of the subscription. • Significant fluctuations in our rate of anticipated growth and any failure to balance our expenses with our revenue forecasts. • Unanticipated changes in our effective tax rate and additional tax liabilities and global tax developments. • Fluctuations in currency exchange rates, particularly the U.S. Dollar versus local currencies. • Our debt service obligations, lease commitments and other contractual obligations. Risks Related to Owning Our Common Stock • Fluctuations in our quarterly results. • Volatility in the market price of our common stock and associated litigation. • Provisions in our certificate of incorporation and bylaws and Delaware law that might discourage, delay or prevent a change of control of the Company or changes in our management. General Risks • Volatile and significantly weakened global economic conditions. • The occurrence of natural disasters and other events beyond our control. • The impact of climate change on our business. Operational and Execution Risks If our security measures or those of our data center hosting facilities, cloud computing platform providers or service partners, or the underlying infrastructure of the Internet are breached, and unauthorized access is obtained to a customer’s data, our data or our IT systems, or authorized access is blocked or disabled, our services may be perceived as not being secure, customers may curtail or stop using our services, and we may incur significant reputational harm, legal exposure and liabilities, or a negative financial impact. Our services involve the storage and transmission of our customers’ and our customers’ customers’ proprietary and other sensitive data, including financial, health and other personal information. Our services and underlying infrastructure may in the future be materially breached or compromised as a result of the following: • attempts to fraudulently induce our employees, partners or customers to disclose sensitive information to gain access to our customers’ data or IT systems, or our data or our IT systems; • efforts by hackers or sophisticated groups, such as criminal organizations, organizations or , to launch coordinated cyberattacks on internally built infrastructure or on platform providers, including ransomware, destructive malware and distributed attacks; • attempts to abuse our marketing, advertising, messaging or social products and functionalities to impersonate persons or organizations and disseminate information that is false, misleading or malicious; • vulnerabilities existing within new technologies and infrastructures, including those from acquired companies, or resulting from enhancements and updates to our existing service offerings; • vulnerabilities in the products or components across the broad ecosystem that our services operate in conjunction with and are dependent on; • attacks on, or vulnerabilities in, the many different underlying networks and services that power the Internet that our products depend on, most of which are not under our control or the control of our vendors, partners or customers; and 12 Table of Contents • employee or contractor errors or intentional acts that compromise our security systems. These risks are mitigated, to the extent possible, by our ability to maintain and improve business and data governance policies and enhance processes and internal security controls, including our ability to escalate and respond to known and potential risks. We can provide no assurances that our security measures, including implemented systems and processes designed to protect our customers’ and our customers’ customers’ proprietary and other sensitive data, will provide absolute security or otherwise be effective or that a material breach will not occur. For example, our ability to mitigate these risks may be impacted by the following: • evolving techniques used to breach or sabotage IT systems and infrastructure, including as a result of the increased use of AI technologies by bad actors, which are generally not recognized until launched against a target, and could result in our being unable to anticipate or implement adequate measures to prevent such techniques; • the increasing complexity of our internal IT systems as we incorporate and secure IT environments from acquired companies and early adoption of new technologies and new ways of sharing data; and • our limited control over our customers or technology providers (including those authorized by customers to access their data), or the processing of data by technology providers, which may not allow us to maintain the integrity or security of such transmissions or processing. In the normal course of business, we are and have been the target of malicious cyberattacks and have experienced other security incidents. Although, to date, such identified security events have not had a material financial impact, there can be no assurance that future cyberattacks will not be material or significant. Additionally, as our market presence grows, we may face increased risks of cyberattacks or security threats, and as AI technologies, including generative AI models, develop rapidly, threat actors are using these technologies to create new sophisticated attack methods that are increasingly automated, targeted and coordinated and more difficult to defend against. A security breach or incident could result in unauthorized parties obtaining access to, or the denial of authorized access to, our IT systems or data, or our customers’ systems or data, including intellectual property and proprietary, sensitive or other confidential information. We have contractual and other legal obligations to notify relevant stakeholders of security breaches. For example, SEC rules require disclosure on Form 8-K of the nature, scope and timing of any material cybersecurity incident and the reasonably likely impact of any such incident. A security breach or resulting mandatory disclosure could result in a loss of confidence in the security of our services, damage our reputation, negatively impact our future sales, disrupt our business and lead to increases in insurance premiums and legal, regulatory and financial exposure and liability. Further, there can be no assurance that our insurance coverage will be sufficient to cover the financial, legal, business, or reputational losses that may result from a cybersecurity incident or breach of our IT systems. Finally, the detection, prevention and remediation of known or potential security vulnerabilities, including determining whether a cybersecurity incident is notifiable or reportable, may not be straightforward and may result in additional financial burdens due to additional direct and indirect costs to respond to or alleviate problems caused by the actual or perceived security breach, such as additional infrastructure capacity spending to mitigate any system degradation and the reallocation of resources from development activities. Defects or disruptions in our services could diminish demand for our services and subject us to substantial liability. We have in the past and may in the future find defects in or experience disruptions to our services. Such issues may arise in a variety of circumstances, including due to our customers using our services in unanticipated ways that may cause a disruption in services for other customers attempting to access their data; as a result of employee, contractor or other action or inaction; or due to the complexity of our services, which incorporate a variety of hardware, proprietary software and and software. Across the industry, cloud services frequently contain undetected errors when first introduced or when new versions or enhancements are released. We may also encounter difficulties integrating acquired or licensed technologies into our services and in augmenting the technologies we use to meet quality standards that are consistent with our brand and reputation, which may result in our services containing errors or defects. We have experienced and may in the future experience defects in our products that create vulnerabilities that inadvertently permit access to protected customer data. We can provide no assurance that such product defects or other vulnerabilities will not occur in the future, have a material adverse effect on our business or subject us to substantial liability. Vulnerabilities in open source or any proprietary or product can persist even after security patches have been issued if customers have not installed the most recent updates, or if the attackers exploited the vulnerabilities before patching was complete. In some cases, vulnerabilities may not be immediately detected, which may make it difficult to recover critical services and lead to damaged assets. Since our customers use our services for important aspects of their business, errors, defects, disruptions in service or other performance problems have in the past adversely impacted our customers’ businesses and could do so in the future. As a result, customers could elect to not renew our services or delay or withhold payment to us. We could also lose future sales or customers may make warranty or other claims against us, which could result in an increase in our allowance for doubtful accounts, an increase in collection cycles for accounts receivable or the expense and risk of litigation. 13 Table of Contents Any interruptions or delays in services from third parties, including data center hosting facilities, cloud computing platform providers and other hardware and software vendors, as well as internet availability, or from our inability to adequately plan for and manage service interruptions or infrastructure capacity requirements, could impair the delivery of our services and harm our business. We currently rely on data center hosting facilities and cloud computing platform providers located in the United States and other countries, as well as the many different underlying networks and services that power the Internet, to deliver our products, services and business operations and to operate critical business systems. We also rely on computer hardware purchased or leased from, software licensed from, and cloud computing platforms provided by, third parties in order to offer our services, including database software, hardware and data from a variety of vendors. Any disruption or damage to, or failure of our systems generally, including the systems of providers we rely on, could result in service interruptions and harm our business. We have from time to time experienced service interruptions and such interruptions may occur in the future. As we increase our reliance on these systems, particularly with respect to cloud computing platforms, our exposure to damage from service interruptions or other performance or quality issues may increase. Service interruptions or other performance or quality issues may cause us to issue credits or pay penalties, cause customers to make warranty or other claims against us or to terminate their subscriptions, and adversely affect our attrition rates and our ability to attract new customers, all of which would reduce our revenue. Our business and reputation would also be harmed if our customers and potential customers believe our services are unreliable. For many of our offerings, our production environment and customers’ data are replicated in a separate facility located elsewhere. Certain offerings, including some offerings of companies added through acquisitions, may be served through alternate facilities or arrangements. We do not control the operation of any of these facilities, and they may be vulnerable to damage or interruption from earthquakes, floods, fires, power loss, telecommunications failures and similar events. They may also be subject to , sabotage, intentional acts of destruction or vandalism or similar misconduct, as well as local administrative actions, changes to legal or permitting requirements and litigation to stop, limit or delay operation. In addition, supply chain disruptions due to geopolitical developments in Europe may lead to power disruptions in regions where our facilities are located. Despite precautions taken at these facilities, such as disaster recovery and business continuity arrangements, the occurrence of any of the foregoing events or risks, or a natural disaster or public health emergency, an act of terrorism, a decision to close the facilities without adequate notice or other unanticipated problems or operational failures at these facilities could result in lengthy service interruptions, and no assurance can be provided that any such interruptions would be remediated without significant cost or in a timely manner or at all. The hardware, software, data and cloud computing platforms that we rely on, including, for example, the large language models leveraged in our AI offerings, may not continue to be available at reasonable prices, on commercially reasonable terms or at all. Any loss of the right to use any of these hardware, software, data or cloud computing platforms could significantly increase our expenses and disrupt or otherwise result in delays in the provisioning of our services until equivalent technology is either developed by us, or, if available, is identified, obtained through purchase or license and integrated into our services, and no assurance can be provided that such equivalent technology would be developed or obtained in a timely manner or at all. As we scale our operations, the amount and type of information transferred on our offerings continues to evolve, including as a result of the deployment of AI technologies, and our infrastructure capacity requirements, including network capacity and computing power, may increase as a result. If we do not accurately plan for our infrastructure capacity requirements and we experience significant strains on our data center capacity, our customers could experience performance degradation or service outages that may subject us to financial liabilities, result in customer losses and harm our reputation and business. As we add data centers and capacity and continue to move to cloud computing platform providers, we move or transfer our data and our customers’ data from time to time. Despite precautions taken during this process, any unsuccessful data transfers may impair the delivery of our services, which may damage our business. As we acquire companies or technologies, we may not realize the expected business or financial benefits and the acquisitions could prove difficult to integrate, disrupt our business, dilute stockholder value and adversely affect our operating results and the market value of our common stock. As part of our business strategy, we periodically acquire complementary businesses, joint ventures, services and technologies and intellectual property rights. We continue to evaluate such opportunities and expect to make such acquisitions in the future. Acquisitions and other transactions and arrangements involve numerous risks and could create unforeseen operating difficulties and expenditures, including: • potential failure to achieve the expected benefits on a timely basis or at all; • potential identified or unknown security vulnerabilities in acquired products that expose us to additional security risks or delay our ability to integrate the product into our service offerings, as well as difficulties in increasing or maintaining the security standards for acquired technology; 14 Table of Contents • difficulty of transitioning the acquired technology onto our existing platforms and customer acceptance of multiple platforms on a temporary or permanent basis; • brand or reputational harm associated with our acquired companies; • challenges converting the acquired company’s revenue recognition policies and forecasting the related revenues, including both consumption- and subscription-based revenues and term software license revenue, as well as appropriate allocation of the customer consideration to the individual deliverables; • challenges entering into new markets in which we have little or no experience or where competitors may have stronger market positions; • currency and regulatory risks associated with foreign countries and potential additional cybersecurity and compliance risks resulting from entry into new markets; • operational and financial difficulties and strains on resources in integrating acquired operations, technologies, services, platforms and personnel; • regulatory challenges from antitrust or other regulatory authorities that may block, delay or impose conditions (such as divestitures, ownership or operational restrictions or other structural or behavioral remedies) on the completion of transactions or the integration of acquired operations; • failure to fully assimilate, integrate or retrain acquired employees, which may lead to retention risk with respect to both key acquired employees and our existing key employees or disruption to existing teams or our workplace culture; • challenges with maintaining the acquired company’s customers, partners and service providers; • known and potential unknown liabilities associated with the acquired businesses, including due to litigation; • difficulties in managing, or potential of, acquired assets, and potential financial and credit risks associated with acquired customers; • negative impact to our results of operations because of the depreciation and amortization of acquired intangible assets, fixed assets and operating lease assets; • difficulties in and financial costs of addressing acquired compensation structures inconsistent with our compensation structure; • additional compensation issued or assumed in connection with the acquisition, including the impact on stockholder dilution and our results of operations; • ineffective or inadequate controls, procedures and policies at the acquired company; and • the tax effects related to integration and business operation changes, realizability of our deferred tax assets, and uncertain tax liabilities. Any of these risks could harm our business or negatively impact our results of operations. In addition, to facilitate acquisitions, we may seek additional equity or debt financing, which may not be available on terms favorable to us or at all, which may affect our ability to complete subsequent acquisitions, and which may affect the risks of owning our common stock. For example, if we finance acquisitions by issuing equity or convertible or other debt securities or loans, our existing stockholders may be diluted, or we could face constraints related to the terms of, and repayment obligation related to, the incurrence of indebtedness that could affect the market price of our common stock. Our ability to acquire other businesses or technologies, or integrate acquired businesses effectively, may be impaired by trade tensions and increased global scrutiny of foreign investments and acquisitions in the technology sector. For example, several countries, including the United States and countries in Europe and the region, are considering or have adopted restrictions of varying kinds on transactions involving foreign investments and acquisitions. Antitrust authorities in a number of countries have also reviewed acquisitions in the technology industry with increased scrutiny. Governments may continue to adopt or tighten restrictions of this nature, some of which may apply to acquisitions or integrations of businesses by us, and such restrictions or government actions could negatively impact our business and financial results. Supporting our existing and growing customer base could strain our personnel resources and infrastructure, and if we are unable to scale our operations and increase productivity, we may not be able to successfully implement our business plan. We continue to experience significant growth in our customer base, including through acquisitions, which has placed a strain on and in the future may strain our management, administrative, operational and financial infrastructure. We anticipate that significant additional investments, including in human capital software, as well as leveraging agentic AI and other technologies, will be required to scale our operations and increase productivity, to address the needs of our customers, to further develop and enhance our services, to expand into new geographic areas and to scale with our overall growth. These investments will increase our cost base, making it more difficult for us to offset any future revenue shortfalls by reducing expenses in the 15 Table of Contents short term. We may not be able to make these investments as quickly or effectively as necessary to successfully scale our operations. We regularly upgrade or replace our various software systems and processes. If the implementations of these new applications are delayed, or if we encounter unforeseen problems with our new systems and processes or in migrating away from our existing systems and processes, our operations and our ability to manage our business could be negatively impacted. Our success will depend in part upon the ability of our senior management to plan and manage our projected growth effectively. To do so, we must continue to increase the productivity of our existing employees and to hire, train and manage new employees as needed. Additionally, changes in our work environment and workforce may not meet the needs and expectations of our workforce or may create operational and workplace culture challenges, which could negatively impact our ability to increase employee productivity or attract and retain our employees and could adversely affect our operations. To manage the expected domestic and international growth of our operations and personnel, we will need to continue to improve our operational, financial and management controls, our reporting systems and procedures and our utilization of real estate. If we fail to successfully scale our operations and increase productivity, we may be unable to execute our business plan and the value of our common stock could decline. If our customers do not renew their subscriptions for our services or if they reduce the number of paying subscriptions at the time of renewal, our revenue and current remaining performance obligation could decline and our business may suffer. If customer usage of certain consumption-based offerings is below expected levels, our revenue could decline. If we cannot accurately predict subscription renewals or upgrade rates or optimal pricing for consumption-based contracts, we may not meet our revenue targets, which may adversely affect the market price of our common stock. Our customers have no obligation to renew their subscriptions for our services after the expiration of their contractual subscription period, which is typically 12 to 36 months, and in the normal course of business, some customers have elected not to renew. In addition, our customers may renew for fewer subscriptions, renew for shorter contract lengths or switch to lower cost offerings of our services, particularly in times of general economic uncertainty. It is difficult to predict attrition rates given our varied customer base and the number of subscription contracts. Our attrition rates may increase or fluctuate as a result of various factors, including customer dissatisfaction with our services, customers’ spending levels, mix of customer base, decreases in the number of users at our customers, competition, pricing increases or changes, such as the increased prevalence of consumption-based pricing models and economic downturns. Our future success also depends in part on our ability to sell additional features and services, more subscriptions or enhanced editions of our services to our current customers. This may also require increasingly sophisticated and costly sales efforts that are targeted at senior management. Similarly, the rate at which our customers purchase new or enhanced services depends on a number of factors, including general economic conditions and customer receptiveness to any price changes related to these additional features and services. In addition, the markets and monetization strategies for certain offerings, including Agentforce and Data Cloud, remain relatively new and uncertain and as a result our expansion into such offerings, and related investments, may present additional risks and challenges. For example, we offer certain products, including Agentforce and Data Cloud, through a consumption-based business model and may increase the number of products through which we do so. We have limited experience with determining optimal pricing for our consumption-based contracts. Additionally, due to customer flexibility in the timing of their consumption, we could have lower levels of customer consumption of our products than we expect which may result in suboptimal pricing for consumption-based contracts. Periodic changes to our sales organization can be disruptive and may reduce our rate of growth. We periodically change and make adjustments to our sales organization in response to market opportunities, competitive threats, management changes, product introductions or enhancements, acquisitions, sales performance, increases in sales headcount, cost levels and other internal and external considerations. Such sales organization changes have in some periods resulted in, and may in the future result in, a reduction of productivity, which could negatively impact our rate of growth in the current and future quarters and operating results, including revenue. In addition, any significant change to the way we structure our compensation of our sales organization may be disruptive and may affect our revenue growth. Sales to customers outside the United States expose us to risks inherent in international operations. We sell our services throughout the world and are subject to risks and challenges associated with international business. We intend to seek to continue to expand our international sales efforts. The risks and challenges associated with sales to customers outside the United States or those that can affect international operations generally, include: • regional economic and political conditions, natural disasters, acts of war, terrorism and actual or threatened public health emergencies; • localization of our services, including translation into foreign languages and associated expenses; • regulatory frameworks or business practices favoring local competitors; 16 Table of Contents • pressure on the creditworthiness of sovereign nations, where we have customers and a balance of our cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities; • foreign currency fluctuations and controls, which may make our services more expensive for international customers and could add volatility to or negatively impact our operating results; • compliance with complex and evolving governmental laws and regulations, including employment, tax, , import/export, customs, , sanctions and embargoes, antitrust, cybersecurity, sustainability and laws and regulations, including rules related to compliance by our resellers; • liquidity issues or political actions by sovereign nations, including nations with a controlled currency environment, could result in decreased values of these balances or potential difficulties protecting our foreign assets or satisfying local obligations; • vetting and monitoring our resellers in new and evolving markets to confirm they maintain standards consistent with our brand and reputation; • treatment of revenue from international sources, evolving domestic and international tax environments and changes to tax codes, including being subject to and paying withholding taxes under foreign tax laws; • uncertainty regarding the imposition of and changes in trade policies, including trade wars, tariffs or other trade restrictions or the threat of such actions, or other geopolitical events, including the evolving relations between the United States and China, the United States and Russia, and ongoing conflicts, such as the war in Ukraine and the regional conflict in the Middle East; • perceptions of regions or governments in the regions where we operate or plan to operate, resulting in negative publicity or reputational harm; • regional data privacy laws and other regulatory requirements that apply to outsourced service providers and to the transmission of our customers’ data across international borders; • different pricing environments; • difficulties in staffing and managing foreign operations; • different or lesser protection of our intellectual property, including increased risk of theft of our proprietary technology and other intellectual property, and more prevalent cybersecurity risks, particularly in jurisdictions in which we have historically chosen not to operate; and • longer accounts receivable payment cycles and other collection difficulties. Any of these factors could negatively impact our business and results of operations. The above factors may also negatively impact our ability to successfully expand into emerging market countries, where we have little or no operating experience, where it can be costly and challenging to establish and maintain operations, including hiring and managing required personnel, and difficult to promote our brand, and where we may not benefit from any advantage or otherwise succeed. As more of our sales efforts are targeted at larger enterprise customers, our sales cycle may become more and expensive, we may encounter pricing pressure and implementation and configuration challenges, and we may have to delay revenue recognition for some complex transactions, all of which could harm our business and operating results. As we target more of our sales efforts at larger enterprise customers, including governmental entities, and specific industries, such as financial services and healthcare and life sciences, we may face greater costs, longer sales cycles, greater competition and less predictability in completing some of our sales. In these market segments, the customer’s decision to use our services is often an decision and, if so, may require us to provide greater levels of education regarding the use and benefits of our services, as well as addressing concerns regarding privacy and data protection laws and regulations of prospective customers with international operations or whose own customers operate internationally. In addition, larger customers and governmental entities often demand more configuration, integration services and features. As a result of these factors, these sales opportunities often require us to devote greater sales support and professional services resources to individual customers, driving up costs and time required to complete sales and diverting our own sales and professional services resources to a smaller number of larger transactions, while potentially requiring us to delay revenue recognition on some of these transactions until the technical or implementation requirements have been met. Pricing and packaging strategies for enterprise and other customers for our existing and future service offerings, including for our AI offerings such as Agentforce, may not be widely accepted by new or existing customers. We offer certain products, such as Agentforce and Data Cloud, through a consumption-based pricing model, and we have limited experience with determining the optimal pricing for our consumption-based contracts. Due to customer flexibility in the timing of their consumption, we could have lower levels of customer consumption of our products than we expect may result in suboptimal 17 Table of Contents pricing for consumption-based contracts. Our adoption of or failure to adopt, as well as the manner and time of, changes to our pricing and packaging models and strategies may harm our business. We may lose key members of our management team or development and operations personnel, and may be unable to attract and retain employees we need to support our operations and growth. Our success depends substantially upon the continued services of our executive officers and other key members of management, particularly our chief executive officer. We are also substantially dependent on the continued service of our existing development and operations personnel because of the complexity of our services and technologies. Our executive officers, key management, development or operations personnel could terminate their employment with us at any time. Effective succession planning for management is important to our success, and changes in our management team resulting from the hiring, 

[truncated]