*AATRKCFD*
#190

com ui

f avmaum

Taylor | ple
Wimpey

Emerging

Annual Report and Accounts 2020 g

Contents
Strategic report
2 Chairman's statement
4 Chief Executive's statement
6 — Our market environment
10 Our response in 2020
12 Our equity raise
14 Ourmanagement
16 Our robust investment case
‘Our purpose
‘Our business model
Our strategy and key performance indicators
Materialty assessment
Our stakeholders
Environmental strategy
Task Force on Climate-related
Financial Disclosures
Our approach to identifying and managing risk
Principal Risks and uncertainties
‘Group financial review
Directors’ report: govemance
Chairman's Statement
Governance at a glance
Nomination and Govemance Committee report
Audit Committee report
Remuneration Committee report
121 Statutory, regulatory and other information
Financial statements
124 Independent auditor's report
130 Consolidated income statement
131 Consolidated statement of
‘comprehensive income
132 Consolidated balance sheet
133 Consolidated statement of changes in equity
134 Consolidated cash flow statement
135. Notes to the consolidated financial statements
165 Company balance sheet

166 Company statement of changes in equity
167 Notes to the Company financial statements
171 Particulars of subsidiaries, associates

and joint ventures
173. Five year review

‘Shareholder information

174 Notice of Annual General Meeting

177 Notes to the Notice of Annual General Meeting
183 Shareholder facilities

Navigating this report

Read more

Key performance indicators
Link to remuneration

Link to our stakeholders

Link to our business model
Link to our strategic goals

Link to our Principal Risks

Link to our Sustainability Report
Connect with us

www taylorwimpey.co.uk/corporate
®) www twitter. com/taylorwimpeyple
(in) wwwlinkedin.com/company/taylor-wimpey

SS PEVBRBE

88s8R8

66680080

Taylor Wimpey plc is a customer-focused residential
developer building and delivering homes and
communities across the UK and in Spain.

Our response
in 2020

°o © See pages 10 and 11

Our purpose

© See pages 18 and 19 [u)
Our
business
model

© See pages 76 and 77 © See pages 20 and 21

‘We participate in various benchmarks and have been awarded a number of industry accreditations
‘We are a constituent of the Dow Jones Sustainability Europe Index and the FTSE4Good Index series, the leading
‘responsible investment indices. We are also included in the S&P Global Sustainabiity Yearbook. We participated
in COP Gimate, scoring B; CDP Water, scoring B; COP Forests, in relation to timber sourcing, scoring 8; and
Supplier Engagement where we scored A-.

‘Aternative Performance Measures

‘The Group uses Altemative Performance Measures (APMs) as key financial performance indicators to assess
underying performance of the Group. Defiritions and reconcilations of our APMS to the equivalent statutory
‘measures are inchided in Note 32 of the financial statements.

SSS
Our purpose

is to build great
homes and
create thriving
communities.

This is what our teams come to work to do each
and every day and is where the core drivers of
value for all our stakeholders ultimately lie.

2020 has not been a normal year. We have taken
a careful approach to the pandemic, putting the
health and safety of our employees, customers,
subcontractors and partners first, while setting the
business up in a responsible and sustainable way
to emerge stronger from this crisis. Key to this is
renewing our focus on driving further operational
and financial improvement by aligning our actions
and priorities even more closely to our purpose,
which will benefit all our stakeholders.

www.taylorwimpey.co.uk Taylor Wimpey ple Annual Report and Accounts 2020 1

Strategi

rept

Chairman’s statement

Committed to
our purpose

Irene Domer
‘Chairman
Employees felt positive about how the Order book as at 31 December 2020

‘Company supported them whilst on furlough

2 Taylor Wimpey plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020

During 2020, many extreme words were used
to define the global pandemic but in the end
the pandemic defined 2020. In my first year as
your Chairman | have been impressed with
the dedication, commitment and resilience
shown by employees throughout our business
in what have been highly challenging and
uncertain times.

At Taylor Wimpey, health and safety is our non-
negotiable number one priority, and COVID-19 has
added a new challenge to finding ways for keeping
‘our employees, customers and partners safe.
Strong leadership has been demonstrated by our
management team and our employees at all levels
throughout the business,

Acting decisively for our stakeholders

| am proud to say that we were the first major
housebuilder to close sites, and the first to reopen
when we had implemented the Taylor Wimpey
COVID-19 Code of Conduct and adapted our
working practices to be COVID-secure. We were
able to offer support, not just to our own employees
bbut to our customers, communities, subcontractors
and suppliers.

Coming into the pandemic, it was key that

Taylor Wimpey had a strong balance sheet and cash
position. Without a map or compass to know how
things would develop, it was important for the Board
to ensure that every step was taken to conserve
cash and to protect the Company. Challenging
decisions were made which affected all of our
stakeholders including the cancelation of all
dividends. We are very aware of the impact this,

has had on our loyal shareholders who rely upon
dividend income.

‘As you would expect, the Board met virtually
and more frequently this year, dealing with
the implications of the crisis as they unfolded,
protecting and enhancing the long term sustainability
of the business. | am particularly pleased that
Taylor Wimpey raised equity in June in order to
pursue opportunities in the land market. This
demonstrates that Taylor Wimpey is a Company
ooking confidently to the future, backed by an
investor base that believes in the strength of the
business, the robustness of the market we operate
in and future opportunities. We received strong
support from existing and new shareholders and,
together with the whole of our Board, | am grateful
for your support.
2020 financial performance
During the year, we completed 9,799 new homes
across the Group (2019: 16,042) including joint
ventures, 2 reduction of 39% due to the impact
of our shutdown in the second quarter of 2020,
followed by the steady build up of our operations,
www taylorwimpey.co.uk

to ensure the effective adoption of COVID-secure
ways of working. Group operating profit® reduced
to £300. millon (2019: £850.5 milion), reflecting
the reduction in completions. However, demand
for our homes remained encouraging and we
entered 2021 with a strong UK order book
‘amounting to 10,685 homes (31 December 2019:
9,725 homes) excluding joint ventures, valued at
£2,684 millon (31 December 2019: £2,176
milion) and were more than 50% forward sold for
private completions for 2021.

Notwithstanding the challenges associated with
COVID-19, undertying cost discipline continued
to be a priority in the year. In the Group financial
review, our Group Finance Director Chris Camey,
outlines the measures we have successfully put
in place to optimise our efficiency and maximise
stakeholder value, together with further
information on our financial performance.

We also place importance on a wider number

of operational measures (our KPIs) that reflect
the priorities of our strategy, as outlined on pages
22 to 25.

Ordinary dividend

We are pleased to announce the resumption of
dividends starting with the 2020 final dividend

of 4.14 pence per share which will be paid in
May. Details of our resolutions for the 2021
‘Annual General Meeting (AGM) can be found on
pages 175 and 177.

Stakeholder engagement
| was pleased to get out and about in the
regional businesses before the first lockdown
occurred, It would have been difficult to get a feel
for the business without the benefit of these visits.
Subsequently, | was able to keep in touch with the
business remotely, as well as attend our National
Employee Forum. | am looking forward to getting
‘out again when circumstances permit in 2021.
(Our Annual General Meeting (AGM) was held
remotely as was our haif year results presentation,
but | hope that by making these as interactive

as we could that our shareholders felt able

to participate.

In the autumn, | conducted a virtual Chairman's:
roadshow and met a number of our key investors
to discuss strategy and markets. Investors were
keen to understand how the Board had
conducted itseff in the pandemic with regard

to risk management and key strategic decisions
such as the equity raise,

| was able to reaffirm the Board's strong
‘commercial rationale in approving the raise and it
is clear that land acquisition since the equity raise
bears out that commercial rationale. | was also
able to confirm that throughout the year we had
continued rigorous evaluation and challenge over
our decision making, as necessary, in order

to maintain strong governance and risk
management. The meetings with investors also
served to highlight thé growing interest around
the subject of environmental, social and
governance (ESG). It may be that one good
consequence of the pandemic is the expansion
and acceleration of thinking in this area.

www taylorwimpey.co.uk

We continue to align our climate reporting to

the recommendations of the Task Force on
Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD)

and, this year, have gone further in undertaking

a climate scenario analysis, the findings of which
are summarised in our 2020 Sustainability Report.
Responding to direct investor feedback, we have
engaged with the Sustainabilty Accounting
Standards Board (SASB) and are now reporting
against the majority of its disclosure criteria for our
sector in our 2020 Sustainability Report and will
work to further improve our alignment over time.

Our purpose
ESG is about sustainability in its broadest sense.
Itis the Board's responsibilty to ensure that
Taylor Wimpey is a sustainable business
respecting and taking account of the needs

and views of all our stakeholders in our decision
‘making. Our role in society must be defined

by our purpose which is to build great homes and
create thriving communities. This may be a simple
statement but it is one which is easy

to understand and we can all get behind.

‘Our purpose will lead us to define the areas where
we believe we can make a measurable difference
and will help us define our strategy in the context
‘of our ESG commitments. As a responsible
business, we want to play our part in creating

a sustainable future for everyone. We will be
refining and simplifying our thinking; creating KPIs
to which we can all sign up and setting
measurable objectives which support our
purpose. In recognition of the importance and
‘breadth of this subject, ESG is currently the
responsibilty of the Nomination and Govemance
‘Committee which is charged with the
responsibilty of helping management define our
ambitions. | am looking forward to developing
‘our ideas in conjunction with our stakeholders.

Board changes
It has been a year of transition for the Board.

1 would like to thank Kevin Beeston who stepped
down as Chairman at the end of February.

‘Under his stewardship, the business made great
progress in terms of culture, quality and customer
service, as well as undergoing significant growth
to become the strong sustainable business we
see today. Kate Barker also left us having
commendably served on the Board since 2010.
In December, we announced that two new

Non Executive Directors wil join our Board from

1 March 2021. Scilla Grimble and vitesh Gadhia
are experienced executives who will add valuable
skills, perspectives and diversity to the Board.
Scilla has over 15 years executive experience in
corporate finance and retail sectors and brings
knowledge on risk and technology in a customer-
facing environment. Jitesh has over 20 years
executive experience principally in banking and
private equity and brings an understanding of a
broad range of sectors as well as public affairs.
Annual General Meeting

The safety and security of our shareholders and

colleagues remains our priority. As a result of the
measures announced by the UK Government on

Developing our purpose

Our purpose is to build
great homes and create
thriving communities.
Over the course of 2020, the Board and

| have developed this purpose, with
consideration for all of our stakeholders,

© See page 74

X

will not be permitted to attend the AGM in person.
Each year the Board looks forward to engaging
with shareholders at the AGM, therefore we are
pleased to offer shareholders the opportunity to
follow the AGM remotely and submit questions.
Further details can be found on page 182 and

on our website

Looking forward
Taylor Wimpey believes in doing the right thing
for our customers and, in this context, the Board
determined that it was right to support
leaseholders and building owners with fire safety
investment to ensure their Taylor Wimpey
apartment buildings constructed over the last 20
years are safe and meet current EWS1 (External
‘Wall Fire Review) requirements. More information
on this can be found in Pete Redfemn's letter on
page 5 and on page 30.

We expect to emerge from this crisis stronger,
not just in terms of financial metrics, but with
strong focus on performance, forward momentum
and growth potential into the medium term.

‘The pandemic has opened up new ways of working
and thinking and we start 2021 with renewed
focus on our purpose. Your business has
continued to deliver in a responsible manner

and together we have set the business up to
maximise value for our shareholders and other
stakeholders in the years ahead. | would like to
thank everyone for their support; our employees,
our customers, our suppliers, subcontractors and
shareholders. It is greatly appreciated.

Lous Dorr

22 February 2021, unfortunately shareholders Irene Domer
Chairman
Taylor Wimpey ple Annual Report and Accounts 2020 3

Strategic report

Chief Executive’s statement

Emerging stronger

2020 has been an eventtul year, to say the least... At the time
of writing last year’s Annual Report letter, we could not have
known how the year would turn out or how quickly the, then
relatively unknown COVID-19 would escalate, with increasing
impact on lives and businesses.

We entered the COVID-19 pandemic with a well capitalised
balance sheet, strong landbank and net cash position

which gave us increased levels of resilience and confidence.
This, together with the benefit of a strong culture and a shared
core value of doing the right thing, meant we had two very
clear priorities. The first was to do all we reasonably could

to support and protect our employees, customers,
subcontractors, suppliers and communities. This included

a focus on those financially vulnerable and on health and
wellbeing. Our second priority was on ensuring that we
positioned the business to emerge stronger from this crisis.
On pages 10 and 11, you can read more information on the
steps we took during the year.

We were the first major homebuilder to stop construction on
sites and close sales centres in the wake of the pandemic and
the lockdown restrictions in March 2020, as we implemented
new working practices to adhere to strict social distancing
requirements and developed the Taylor Wimpey COVID-19
Code of Conduct. This meant a seven week shutdown of
construction sites and nine week shutdown of our sales
centres as we put in place our enhanced safety measures
and processes and adjusted to COVID-secure ways of working.
You can see more information on the impact on our financial
performance in Chris Camey's section on pages 54 to 59.

Given it was clear that we were entering a period of uncertainty,
with no finite end, we took steps to conserve cash and increase
‘our flexibility, by controlling working capital very tightly. Whilst
‘our Ordinary Dividend Policy has been stress tested and is
Payable through a ‘norma!’ downturn, the global COVID-19
pandemic goes beyond normal and even severe cyclical swings
and represents an exceptional case. Accordingly, the Board

took the decision to cancel the 2019 final dividend of 3.80
pence per share (c.£125 million) that was due to be paid on

Pete Redfem 15 May 2020 and the planned special dividend payment of
Chief Executive 10.99 pence per share (c.£360 million) that was due to be paid
on 10 Jy 2020.

2020 has posed a number of challenges, and opportunities, for our business and the wider industry.
Within this section, | will highlight how we are emerging stronger through...

© See pages 6 and7 © seepages10and11 © Seepagesi2and13 © Seepagesi4andis © Seepages 16 and 17

4 Taylor Wimpey plc Annual Report and Accounts 2020 www.taylorwimpey.co.uk

Whilst 2020 was a very challenging year, we
were able to drive positives including benefiting
from prior investments in IT, training and
development which allowed us to continue to
support customers through this time and protect
and grow our order book, at a time of great
uncertainty. During each week of 2020,

including through the various levels of
restrictions, we continued to sell homes and
Progress purchases. We also continued to
Progress sites through the planning process and
‘open new sales outlets, which provides a strong
platform for 2021. We have been able to adapt
our ways of working including digitising our
whole sales process from reservation through

to. completion, with only the signing of contracts
required to be done by hand, and expanding and
extending our approach to flexible working to
benefit our employees and customers.

‘Our Pay It Forward Scheme, as well as weekly
updates to suppliers and subcontractors,

helped the process of retuming to work on
Taylor Wimpey sites and further strengthened
those relationships. Our approach to health

and safety and our COVID-secure site protocols
‘enabled us to accommodate subsequent
restrictions, both local and national, with the
support of our employee, subcontractor and
supplier base. We are particularly pleased that
customer feedback and scores during and after
the lockdown period continued to be very
Positive and we have been recognised by our
employees via Glassdoor for our leadership
during the pandemic, including being named

in the Glassdoor top 50 places to work in the UK
for 2021, as voted for by employees, for the
fourth consecutive year and rated in its top ten
‘UK firms for work-life balance during COVID-19.

We have been very grateful for the support from
‘our shareholders during this period. It continues
to be our aim to provide a reliable income stream
to our shareholders, throughout the cycle,
including during a ‘normal downturn’.

Ordinary Dividend Policy

Our Ordinary Dividend Policy is to pay out

to shareholders approximately 7.5% of net
assets, which wil be at least £250 million per
‘annum, paid in two equal instalments in May
and November.

We propose to resume ordinary dividend
payments in May 2021, starting with the 2020
final dividend payment of 4.14 pence per share
equating to c.£151 milion, subject to
shareholder approval at the AGM.

This means that, in the 2021 calendar year,
we intend to return .£301 milion in cash
(c.8.28 pence per share) via the payment
of the 2020 final dividend in May subject to
shareholder approval and the 2021 interim
dividend in November.

Approach to retum of excess capital
‘As we look forward, our intention remains

to return cash generated by the business in
excess of that needed by the Group to fund

www.taylorwimpey.co.uk

land investment, all working capital, taxation
and other cash requirements of the business,
and one the ordinary dividend has been met.

We are not proposing to return excess capital

in 2021. We will review the level of excess capital
and potential retum in respect of 2021 at the
time of the 2021 full year resutts in February
2022, for payment in 2022.

This represents a shorter period between
proposing and distributing excess capital returns
and we expect to continue with this timing

going forward.

‘The method of returning excess capital, either by
way of special dividend or share buyback, will be
considered at the appropriate time.

Taking the opportunities to emerge
stronger

‘The key objective of our actions throughout the
pandemic has been to protect the business in
the short term while ensuring we position
‘ourselves to take advantage of opportunities
that will strengthen the business for the future
and increase shareholder retums.

With a strong batance sheet and cashflow,
coupled with resilient undertying demand and
confidence in the long term outlook, we were
able to be proactive and opportunistic.

The pandemic materially reduced the level of
competition for land and created a disconnect

in the tand market, resutting in significant short
term opportunities to acquire land from a broad
range of sources at attractive returns. On 17
June 2020, we announced an equity raise where
we raised net proceeds of £510 million to take
advantage of these near term opportunities.
Between re-entering the land market and 31
December 2020, we had agreed terms on and
authorised c.£1.3 billion of gross land
purchases, comprising 93 sites and .22,600
plots, significantly ahead of our normal rate of
acquisition. These sites have been secured at
attractive returns in line with our medium term
operating profit margin target of c.21-22% and
with an average return on capital employed”

of c.34%, We expect the land spend already
committed will lead to outlet growth from late
2022 and completions from 2023. Having
approved significant incremental new land in the
past nine months we expect new land approvals
to revert to a more normal replacement level
You can read more about this on pages 12

and 13.

‘Sustainability in the widest sense

We run our business for the long term and so
sustainability in the widest sense has always
been a key element of our culture and way of
doing business. In 2021, we will implement our
new environmental strategy, which strengthens
‘our environmental, social and governance
framework which is well integrated into the
business. The environmental strategy focuses
‘on both our macro impact on issues like climate
change and carbon footprint, and also aims

to enhance our local engagement on issues

Taylor Wimpey ple Annual Report and Accounts 2020

lke biodiversity and customer environmental
engagement. In the social sphere, building on
the lessons leamt through the pandemic, we are
also aiming to strengthen our engagement and
relationship with the local communities in which
we operate.

Doing the right thing for customers and
communities

Doing the right thing for our customers is a key
priority for the Group.

Fire safety provision
Ai the time of our 2020 full year results, we
announced our intention to support building
owners and leaseholders with fre safety
investment to ensure their apartment buildings
are safe and meet current EWS1 (Extemal Wall
Fire Review) requirements. This applies to
Taylor Wimpey apartment buildings constructed
‘over the last 20 years, including apartment
buildings below 18 metres. We announced an
additional £125 milion provision, to be booked in
2021, to cover this cost.

This is a complex and exceptional situation,
but Taylor Wimpey is focused on doing the right
thing for its customers. The Board has,
determined that we will fund and oversee the
improvement works of apartment buildings in
‘our ownership, regardless of eligibility for the UK
Government Building Safety Fund, to make them
safe and mortgageable by achieving EWS1
certification, If Taylor Wimpey no longer owns
the building and itis not eligible for the Building
Safety Fund, or similar support that may be
announced in the future, where a frecholder
produces a fair and proportionate plan for fre
safety improvement works following EWS1
assessment, we will contribute funding to bring
those buildings up to the standards required by
current RICS EWS1 guidance. Whilst the legal
responsibility continues to rest with the building
owner, we will also provide advice and other
assistance where appropriate.

CMA investigation

‘The CMA's investigation into leasehold remains
‘open and we understand that the CMA will
continue to proceed with its investigation. We will
continue to cooperate with the CMA and will
formally respond to the CMA at the appropriate
point in its process. More information can be
found on pages 30 and 31.

Chief Executive’s statement
continued

Avery resilient UK housing market

After an unusual and volatile year, our 2020 results
were in line with market expectations. Our teams:
and partners responded with dedication and
professionalism to the pandemic and their resolve
to continue to deliver high-quality homes and
exceptional service for our customers was
outstanding. The UK housing market has
remained resilient, despite the shutdown period

in the second quarter, The market recovered
strongly in the second half, ahead of expectations,
and demonstrated the underlying strength of
demand in the UK and the importance of low
interest rates and stable mortgage lending.

We are pleased to note the Govemment's.
‘ongoing support for the housing market, home
‘ownership and, specifically, first time buyers,
and the recognition that housebuilding is a key
part of the economy.

In 2020, total home completions (including
joint ventures) decreased by 39% to 9,609

(2019: 15,719), due primarily to the impact on
production capacity during the second quarter
shutdown and we delivered 1,904 affordable
homes including joint ventures (2019: 3,548).
‘equating to 20% of total completions (2019:
23%). Our net private reservation rate for 2020
was 0.76 homes per outlet per week (2019:
0.96). Cancellation rates for the full year were
above normal levels at 20% (2019: 15%), but
normalised in the final quarter, at 16% (2019:
16%). Average selling prices on private
completions increased by 6% to £323k (2019:
£3054), with the overall average seling price
increasing to £288k (2019: £269k), driven mostly
by change in mix.

375k

items of personal protective equipment (PPE)
elivered to care homes, GP surgeries and local
‘care organisations during the pandemic

6 Taylor Wimpey plc Annual Report and

short and longer term.

Industry context

— Demand and supply imbalance with
undersupply of new housing in the UK

= Just over 200k new homes built ina
normal year

— Estimated requirement to build c.300k
homes per year

— 2020 volume materially impacted by
COVID-19 delays

Part of a larger market

‘There are generally in excess of one milion
housing transactions per year in the UK, with
new homes accounting for between 15-20%
of total completions in a normal year.

This means we are part of a larger market
and prices of new homes are closely aligned
to second hand homes of a similar size and
location. One important point of difference
is in the Government's Help to Buy scheme
that is only available for new builds, making
‘our homes more desirable for many first
time buyers.

Industry key drivers

The key drivers for the housing market

are affordability and consumer confidence.
Affordability is determined by interest rates
and mortgage availabilty and consumer
confidence is closely aligned to the
employment outlook.

‘Anumber of external factors determine our
ability to operate successtully. For example,
the availabilty of land with planning and
‘ease of the planning process, the regulatory
backdrop and the availabilty of skilled labour
and materials.

The COVID-19 pandemic led to industry-
wide site closures and our sites closed for

‘a seven week period with our sales centres
closed for nine weeks. Unsurprisingly, overall
second quarter market completions reduced
significantly but they recovered strongly in
the third quarter of 2020. According to the

counts 2020

This section looks at our industry context, how
supply and demand underpin

---

licy and
planning regulations

Key stakeholder
concerns

Es

© ead more about key issues for our stakeholders on pages 26 to 41
© Read more about our Principal Risks and material issues on pages 26 to 27

and 49 to 53

www.taylorwimpey.co.uk

The quick recovery
of the housing market
in the second half of
this year, ahead of
expectations, is
evidence of the
underlying strength
of demand.”

We estimate that market-led house price growth
for our regional mix was c.1.9% in the 12
months to 31 December 2020 (2019: c.1%).

During 2020, approximately 46% of total sales
used the Help to Buy scheme and we worked
with 4,800 households to take the first step to
home ownership or to move up the housing
ladder (2019: 34% and 5,693). Approximately
80% of sales through Help to Buy in 2020 were
to first time buyers (2019: 76%) at an average
price of £286k (2019: £277K). From 16
December, we began taking reservations under
the new phase of the Help to Buy scheme and,
up to 31 December, took 650 reservations
under the new scheme for compiations from
the second quarter of 2021

With demand for our homes remaining strong,
we ended the year with a total order book
valued at £2,684 milion (31 December 2019:
£2,176 million), excluding joint ventures, which
represents 10,685 homes (31 December 2019:
9,725 homes). We traded from an average of
240 outlets in 2020 (2019: 250) and entered
2021 with 239 outlets (31 December 2019:
240). As previously guided, we expect to end
2021 with outlet numbers broadly similar to
the end of 2020.

Underlying build cost inflation in 2020 was
€.3.0% (2019: ¢.4.5%). Since the final quarter
of 2020, we have seen a softening in the cost
pressures experienced eartier in 2020.

A renewed focus on margin and cost
discipline

We came into 2020 with a renewed focus on
reducing costs and increasing efficiency, after
period of margin pressure and increased
investment in the long term future of the
business which is now substantially complete.
Operating through the challenges of the
pandemic has further sharpened that focus
and highlighted opportunities for ongoing
efficiency and operational and financial
performance improvement to benefit
shareholders. Our clear primary performance
focus is on retuming the business to ¢.21-22%
operating profit margin in the medium term.

Taylor Wimpey ple Annual Report and Accounts 2020 9