TAYLOR WIMPEY plc

Annual Report and Accounts

For the year ended

31 December 2021

Registered No. 296805

I [I J

‘1062022 #294
COMPANIES HOUSE

FRIDAY

Taylor | ple
Wimpey

building
momentum

Contents

Strategic report
2__ Highlights 2021

4 Chairman's statement
6 __ Chief Executive's statement

6 __Ourinvestment case

9 __ How we are building momentum
Our key priorities

3

@

‘Our market environment
Market trends and response

(Our business model

(Our strategy and key

performance indicators
Environmental strategy

Materialty assessment

Material issues progress and targets
‘Stakeholder engagement

Section 172 (1) statement
‘Stakeholders

Task Force on Cimate-related
Financial Disclosures

Sustainabity Accounting Standards
Board Disclosures

RIR|S

Non-Financial information statement
Risk management

Principal Risks and uncertainties

B/2|8/8) 8] &/8/8/S]8/8/8

Group financial review

Directors’ report
72 Governance at a glance

74 Board of Directors

76 Chairman's letter

88 Nomination and Governance
Committee report

98 Audit Committee report

105 Remuneration Committee report

125 Statutory, regulatory and
‘other information

Financial statements

128 Independent auditors’ report

736 Consolidated income statement

137 Consolidated statement of
comprehensive income

138 Consolidated balance sheet

139 Consolidated statement of
changes in equity

740 Consolidated cash flow statement

141 Notes to the consolidated
financial statements

172 Company balance sheet

173 Company statement of changes in equity

174 Notes to the Company
financial statements

179 Particulars of subsidiaries,
associates and joint ventures

183 _Five year review

Shareholder information
184 Notice of Annual General Meeting

187 Notes to the Notice of Annual
General Meeting

191 Shareholder facilities

We have a clear purpose to.
deliver great homes and create
thriving communities and a
strategy to ensure the long term
sustainability of the business,
for all stakeholders. During
2021, we have continued to
drive performance through

a business-wide commitment
to our key priorities:

Operational excellence and discipline driving
an increase in operating margin / p10

Progressing recent land acquisitions through
planning to facilitate outlet growth in late 2022
and volume growth in 2023 / p12

Continue to deliver consistently great build
quality, customer service and employee
experience and identify where we can add
value / p14

Further embedding sustainability through the
business, targeting areas where we can make
the most difference to future proof the
business / p16

@ www taytorwimpey.co.uk/corporate

W www.twitter.com/taylorwimpeyple

in www.linkedin.com/company/taylor-wimpey

‘Our Annual Report and Accounts
2021 and online Sustainability
‘Supplement and ESG Addendum
2021 can be viewed at
www.taylorwimpey.co.uk/comorate

‘Taylor Wimpey ple Annual Report 2021 1

Strategic report

Highlights 2021

2021 highlights

Group financial highlights

Group completions Revenue Operating profit* Profit before tax
including joint ventures.

14,302 £4,284.9m £828.6m  £679.6m

Total dividend per share Year end net cash* Tangible net assets per Operating profit margin
paid in the year sharet
8.28p £837.0m 118.1p 19.3%

2020: 10.8%

Return on net
operating assets**

24.7%

2020: 9.9%

Cash conversion*

69.4%

2020: (54.9)%

Alternative Performance Measures

The Group uses Alternative Performance Measures (APMs), such as those indicated above with a footnote symbol, as key
financial performance indicators to assess underlying performance of the Group. Definitions and reconciliations of our APMs to
the equivalent statutory measures are included in Note 32 of the financial statements. Please see page 71 for definitions.

2 Taylor Wimpey ple Annual Report 2021

UK operational highlights

Customer satisfaction Customer satisfaction
8-week score (%) 9-month recommend
score

te) 0,
92% 79%
2020: 92% 2020: 78%
Construction Quality Net private sales rate per
Review average score outlet per week
(out of 6)
4.67 0.91
2020: 4.45 2020: 0.76
Number of homes Plots in UK short term
in order book landbank
10,009 c.85k
2020: 10,685 2020: ¢.77k

ESG (environmental, social, governance)

highlights
Reduction in direct Employee engagement
CO, emissions intensity score
since 2013

0, 0
50% 91%
2020: 30%

Annual Injury Incidence Rate Affordable homes as %
{per 100,000 employees of total UK completions
and contractors)

214 18%

2020: 151 2020: 20%
Contributions to local Construction waste
communities, via planning recycled
obligations

0,
£418m 97%
2020: £287m 2020: 97%

Read more about our approach to ESG on page 7 and
pages 16 and 17

Read more about our operations on pages 6 to 17 and 66 to 69,

We participate in various benchmarks
and have been awarded a number of
industry accreditations

We participate in several global and sectoral
benchmarks. We are a constituent of the
Dow Jones Sustainability Europe Index and
included in the S&P Global Sustainability
Yearbook 2022. We are part of FTSE4Good,
have an AA rating from MSCI and have
received an ESG Risk Rating of Low from
Sustainalytics. We are a member of Next
Generation, the sustainability benchmark for
UK housebuilders, ranking third and receiving
a Gold Award for 2021. We disclose our
performance to CDP and received the
following scores: CDP Climate Change A-
(2020: B), CDP Water B (2020: B), and CDP:
Forests B- for deforestation and forest risk
commodities (2020: B). We have also been
recognised by CDP as a Supplier
Engagement Leader and received a Supplier
Engagement score of A for our approach to
‘engaging suppliers on climate change.

Taylor Wimpey pic is a customer-focused homebuilder operating at a local
level from 23 regional businesses across the UK, We also have operations in
Spain. Our operational review focuses on the UK as the majority of metrics
are not comparable in our Spanish business. There is a short summary of the
Spanish business in the Group financial review of operations. The Group
financial review is presented at Group level, which includes Spain, unless
otherwise indicated.

Taylor Wimpey ple Annual Report 2021 3

Chairman’s statement

Irene Dorner
Chairman

Creating value for all
of our stakeholders

Alongside an excellent
operational performance in
2021, we are pleased to have
delivered value to all of our
stakeholders in a real and
sustainable way while
continuing to build momentum.
This Annual Report and
Accounts showcases how we
have achieved this.

2021 has proven to be a very successful year
for Taylor Wimpey, but it has not been without
its challenges. As the world continued to
respond and adapt to the COVID-19
pandemic, we remained, and continue to be,
focused on delivering improved operating
margin and setting the business up well for
accelerated volume growth, from 2023.

2021 performance

| am delighted to report that in 2021 we
completed 14,302 homes across the Group
(2020: 9,798) including joint ventures. This

is a 46% increase on 2020 performance, as
the business steadily increased operations.
Group operating profit increased to £828.6
million (2020: £300.3 million), with an operating
profit margin of 19.3% (2020: 10.8%) as we
optimised selling price and we maintained our

4 Taylor Wimpey ple Annual Report 2021

strong focus on cost efficiency. This resulted
in profit before tax of £679.6 milion (2020:
£264.4 million). More information can be
found within our Group financial review.

We started 2022 in a very strong position with
an excellent order book amounting to 10,009
homes (31 December 2020: 10,685 homes)
‘excluding joint ventures, valued at £2,550
million (31 December 2020: £2,684 million)
and were 47% forward sold for 2022 private
completions (2021: 54%). Despite wider
‘economic uncertainty, forward indicators
continue to show good undertying demand
for our homes and pricing remains positive.

Following the equity raise in June 2020, we
stepped up our activity in the land market to
take advantage of the opportunities before
‘competition returned and have successfully
added c.29k new plots to the short term
landbank over the last 18 months, including
converting c.9k plots from our strategic land
pipeline. These sites will enhance our portfolio
and deliver a strong financial performance.
We are laser focused on continuing to drive
momentum by progressing land through the
planning system to deliver outlet-led growth
from 2023.

During 2021, the Competition and Markets
Authority's (CMA) investigation into the
historical sale of leasehold properties with
doubling ground rent clauses by the
Company was closed, following the
agreement of voluntary undertakings.

Dividend / Share Buyback

In ine with our Ordinary Dividend Policy, we
are pleased to announce that the 2021 final
dividend of 4.44 pence per share will be paid
in May, subject to shareholder approval at
the 2022 Annual General Meeting (AGM). In
combination with the 2021 interim dividend,
this gives total ordinary dividends for the year
of 8.58 pence per share. Details of our
resolutions for the 2022 AGM can be found
on pages 185 to 189.

We are also pleased to announce that we will
be retuming up to £150 million of excess
cash in respect of 2021 by way of a share
buyback. When approving this method, the
Board took into account stakeholders’ needs
and all relevant circumstances. The share
buyback is expected to benefit shareholders
through the opportunity for increased future
dividends per share on the remaining shares.
The Board expects that the share buyback
will result in an increase in earings per share
and considers it to be in the best interests of
shareholders generally.

Stakeholder engagement

‘We recognise that we can only achieve
our purpose, to deliver great homes and
create thriving communities, if we take
account of the views of all of our
stakeholders in our decision making. The
Board is responsible for ensuring that our
business is sustainable in the long term by
respecting and taking into account the needs
and views of all our stakeholders in our
decision making process.

Our employees are what makes Taylor
Wimpey so special. Our performance in
2021, both from a financial and operational
perspective, is down to all of their hard work
and determination. Despite the majority of
Board meetings taking place virtually in
2021, we did have the opportunity to visit the
South Midlands business unit, where we met
‘employees in the office and out on site. tt was
great to see the site operating at normal
levels in a COVID-secure way, ensuring the
health and safety of everyone on site whilst
delivering for our customers.

We have also taken the opportunity to

more cleary articulate the role of the Board's
Employee Champion, who is responsible for
championing the employee voice in the
boardroom and strengthening the link between
the Board and employees. Gwyn Burr, Non
Executive Director, was our Employes
Champion during 2021 and attended three
National Employee Forum (NEF) meetings. As
Gwyn will be stepping down from the Board in
2022, Robert Noel, our Senior Independent
Director, has been asked to take on the
Employee Champion role. In 2022, in addition
to attending the NEF meetings, the Employee
Champion wil also hold in person

conversations with small groups of junior to
mid-level employees in each Division, including
those from the regional offices, sites and sales
centres, to listen to their views on any topics
they may wish to raise, outside of the NEF and
without senior management being present, to
further encourage openness. The Board are
interested to hear the feedback received as
part of these sessions.

| continued to meet with investors in 2021

to build on the dialogue established following
the virtual Chairman's roadshow | conducted
in Autumn 2020. To allow for an open
conversation in respect of the issues most
important to each shareholder, no formal
agenda was set in advance of each meeting.
Investors were keen to hear my and the
Board's perspective on a variety of key
themes, such as ESG, fire safety and
‘succession. | value the insight | gained from
these meetings which | have fed back to the
Board to consider as part of our decision
making process. Once again shareholders
were unfortunately not permitted to attend
the 2021 AGM in person, however
shareholders were able to listen throughout
the proceedings and ask the Directors
questions in real time during the meeting
through an audiocast facility.

Fire safety

{thas long been our view that customers and
leaseholders should not have to pay for fire
‘safety remediation works to ensure their
buildings are safe and mortgageable. We
took early and proactive action, committing
significant funding to address fire safety and
cladding issues on our buildings, with total
amounts provided up to March 2021 of £165
million. Taylor Wimpey's decision a year ago
meant that funding was in place to bring all
our affected buildings, going back 20 years
from January 2021, up to current EWS1
standard. The Board receives regular
updates on the progress of remediation
works and the topic of fire safety and
cladding is included on every Board meeting
agenda for discussion. We consider that fire
safety is an industry wide issue that needs an
industry wide solution and we will continue to
work with the Government to play our part to
help to resolve these wider issues.

ESG

The elements of ESG have always been

an important part of working for Taylor
Wimpey and have positively contributed to
our culture and ways of doing business, for
example in respect of health and safety, our
number one priority, and our approach to
employee engagement.

During the year we have conducted an
independent review to assess the progress
we have made in defining what ESG means
{or us and identified areas that would benefit
from further attention. The Board was
pleased to receive positive feedback in terms
of the extent to which important elements of
ESG are built into our day to day business
operations and it is helpful to understand
how we can improve our communications in
this area to ensure this is visible to all of our

stakeholders and this is something we will be
working on throughout 2022. Our ESG.
strategy will continue to be aligned to our
purpose, ensuring that we play our part in
creating a sustainable future for everyone.

In 2021, we participated in various benchmarks
and were awarded a number of industry
accreditations, including a Gold Award in the
Next Generation benchmark (a homebuilder
specific sustainability benchmark). We are
pleased with the levels of engagement across
the business with good progress against our
key targets. To ensure that we remain focused
on minimising the impact we have on climate
‘change and protecting our planet for future
generations, we have added ‘natural resources
and climate change’ as a Principal Risk and the
Board will continue to monitor progress.
Further information on this new Principal Risk,
‘and on the also newly added Principal Risk of
‘cyber risk’, can be found on page 65.

We take a science-based approach to
carbon reduction, and the Science Based
Targets initiative has confirmed that our
‘operational carbon reduction target is
consistent with the reductions required to
keep warming to 1.5°C, We have made
excellent progress towards our carbon
reduction target. Against our 2019 baseline,
we have achieved a 13% reduction in direct
carbon emissions intensity (scope 1 and 2
emissions per 100 square metres of
completed homes) and a 20% absolute
reduction. Our current target was published
last year but our commitment to climate
action goes back much further. Since 2013,
we have achieved a 50% reduction in our
direct carbon emissions intensity.

We support the UK's commitment to reach
net zero carbon by 2050. We will be
‘developing our net zero transition plan

and a net zero target during 2022. An
environmental measure has been included in
‘the Executive Directors’ annual bonus plan.
(the Executive Incentive Scheme) and
requires the Executive Directors to have a
credible net zero carbon transition plan
approved by the Board alongside the
achievement of a measurable carbon
reduction target. The intention is to then
introduce an environmental measure in the
wider annual bonus scheme for 2023
performance. Further details on the role of
the Board in ESG matters can be found on
page 79 and specific ESG performance
measures can be found on page 107.

Chief Executive succession

‘We announced in December that Pete Redfem
will be stepping down as Chief Executive after
nearly 15 years in the role. Pete has made an
invaluable contribution to the business in this
time, including having successfully led the
‘Company through the financial crisis and the
pandemic, During his time as Chief Executive,
he has created an excellent culture which is
renowned throughout the industry for doing
the right thing. Given the strength of the
business, both Pete and | believe that it is the
right time for new leadership as we start the
next chapter. On behalf of the Board and

everyone at Taylor Wimpey, I would like to
express our sincere thanks for the leadership
that he has provided to the Company which
has seen it return .£2.85 billion to
shareholders since 2007.

Following a rigorous process led by the
Nomination and Governance Committee,

we were delighted to announce earlier this
year that Jennie Daly, our Group Operations
Director, will succeed Pete as Chief Executive
following the conclusion of the 2022 AGM.
Jennie joined the business in 2014 and has
held a number of senior roles within the
business before being appointed to the
Board as Group Operations Director in 2018.
Prior to joining Taylor Wimpey, Jennie also
held senior roles at Redrow pic, so is an
experienced industry executive. Jennie

has consistently played a key role in the
Company's operational and strategic
development, as her remit has gradually
grown to include all of our central operational
functions and has made a valuable
contribution to the Board. The Board is
confident that Jennie’s wealth of knowledge
and experience, alongside her values and
leadership style, makes her the right person
to lead the Company to deliver improved
margin and volume growth, whilst ensuring
long term value for ail our stakeholders.

In late January, we also announced that
in light of upcoming changes to their
commitments on other boards, Angela
Knight CBE and Gwyn Burr will be stepping
down from the Board on 26 April following
the conclusion of the 2022 AGM. The strong
progress Gwyn Burr has made as Employee
‘Champion will continue under Robert Noel
as her successor in that role. A search
process is underway to find their
replacements to ensure that the Board
continues to hold the most appropriate
balance of skilis and operational experience.

2022 AGM

This year's AGM will take place in person
at the Crowne Plaza Hotel in Marlow, as it
is closer to our Head Office and | am very
much looking forward to the opportunity to
meet many of our shareholders in person,

Looking forward

2022 will be a period of transition at Taylor
Wimpey, whilst the new Chief Executive
takes the lead and drives our business to its
full potential. | am confident that Jennie is the
right person to achieve this, and she has the
full support of the Board and the Group
Management Team.

| want to finish by saying thank you to our
employees, customers, shareholders,
subcontractors and suppliers for their
continued support. | am incredibly proud of
all that Taylor Wimpey has achieved in 2021
and look forward to building on this success
in 2022 and beyond.

Irene Dorner
Chairman

‘Taylor Wimpey ple Annual Report 2021 5

Chief Executive’s statement

Optimising

performance
to benefit all
stakeholders

| want to begin my last Chief
Executive statement at Taylor
Wimpey by, firstly, thanking all
the individuals and the teams
across the business for their
daily hard work, dedication
and - on a personal note -—
their support.

I'm pleased to report that we have
delivered an excellent performance in 2021,
significantly increasing profit, margins and
home completions in a challenging year for
the industry with pressure on the availability
and cost of certain materials. It has also

not been a ‘normal’ year for our people,
customers, subcontractors or suppliers,
amidst changing COVID-19 restrictions.
However by working together, our
construction sites have continued to operate
safely and efficiently and we have continued
to serve our customers. We have continued
to prioritise the safety and wellbeing of
everyone working for, and with us, and that
of our customers, and have increased
engagement and collaboration. This has
continued to strengthen these key

stakeholder relationships (and you can read
more about this on pages 38 to 47). | am
particularly proud to share that, not only do
we continue to be a 5-star homebuilder as
rated by customers in the Home Builders
Federation (HBF) customer survey, but we
are also, once again, the highest rated major
housebuilder in the National House Building
Council's (NHBC) independently measured
2021 Construction Quality Review (COR).
This is an outstanding effort and truly reflects

~ the efforts and the pride and passion of our

people across the business.

As Irene set out in her Chairman's letter, our
employees are what make Taylor Wimpey
special. We are deeply shocked and

Pete Redfern
Chief Executive

saddened by the tragic events in Ukraine
and, together with our employees, we will be
pledging our support to the humanitarian
effort. You can read more about our people
on pages 40 to 41. While voluntary tumover
increased in the year, alongside Annual Injury
Incidence Rate, it is worth noting that the
2020 comparators were impacted by
COVID-19. You can read more about our key
operational performance metrics on pages
24 to 27.

I have been in this role for nearly 15 years
and over 20 years with the business and it
has been an incredible joumey. | am very
proud of what we have achieved at Taylor
Wimpey and the culture we have built and |
will miss it greatly. Whilst there is always
much more we can do and need to do, the

Our investment case

Our approach to land differentiates Taylor
Wimpey and has enabled us to build an
excellent landbank which will underpin strong
volume and margin growth potential and
retums to shareholders. We are focused on
execution and delivering value from our
outstanding landbank and via our talented
teams, in a responsible way to benefit all
stakeholders.

1. Strong momentum following
significant recent land investment
to drive outlet growth and
volumes

c.50

additional outlets to be added in the period
H1 2021 to H1 2023

2. Clear levers to improve
operating margin

21-22%

operating profit margin target

Read more in relation to our key strengths
and resources on page 22

3. Highly cash generative with a
commitment to return excess cash

c.£150 million

2022 buyback

4. Delivering for all stakeholders

5-star

HBF customer satisfaction rating

6 Taylor Wimpey ple Annual Report 2021

business is in excellent health with a very
strong balance sheet, and an outstanding
short term landbank and strategic land
pipeline, with real forward momentum. In
particular, our approach, with your support
as shareholders, to landbuying during the
pandemic, at a time when there was.
significantly reduced competition, has set us
up extremely well for the future. It enabled us
to accelerate our landbuying, at attractive
margins, creating a balanced portfolio which
will benefit the business for several years.
Importantly, this has created strong
momentum, opportunity and growth and a
route to increased, and very compelling,
shareholder retums. With such exciting
prospects for the future, it is undoubtedly the
right time to hand over the business to
someone new as the Company embarks on
the next chapter.

On 7 February, the Board announced

that Jennie Daly has been appointed as
CEO, effective from the conclusion of the
AGM on 26 April 2022. This follows a
thorough recruitment and selection process
led by the Nomination and Governance
Committee of the Board, that considered a
Jong list of industry and non-industry
candidates, along with extensive consultation
with shareholders which is discussed on
pages 90 and 91.

| am delighted with the Board's decision
to appoint Jennie. Jennie is a phenomenal
operator and with her vast and varied
experience and leadership capability, | am
very confident that she will deliver the value
from our outstanding landbank for all

of Taylor Wimpey's stakeholders.

Building momentum to deliver
improved operating margin and
accelerated volume growth

Our purpose is to deliver great homes and
create thriving communities. We seek to
deliver this with a strategy set to optimise
ong term shareholder retums in a
responsible way, while delivering attractive
and sustainable returns and adding value
to all stakeholders.

We are focused on excellent operational
delivery and increasing financial performance.
This is visible at all levels in the business and
reflected in our 2021 full year performance,
with improvements across key financial and
operational metrics. The 2020 equity raise
and our approach to landbuying has
continued to differentiate Taylor Wimpey,

as we added a significant amount of
attractively valued land to our portfolio.

This timely land acquisition and the hard
work by our teams in bringing it through the
planning system has positioned the business
for high-quality outlet-led volume growth

at a time when the land market has become
increasingly competitive.

With the strength of our landbank and

operational excellence we aim to grow
annual completions to between 17,000 and

18,000 in the medium term whilst generating
compelling returns.

In the following pages 10 to 17, the GMT
discuss our key priorities as we continue to
build momentum. These underpin our
confidence in future delivery.

We support the UK's commitment to reach
net zero carbon by 2050. In 2022, we will
develop our net zero transition plan and net
zero target. We are reviewing the net zero
criteria published by the SBTi and will use
this to guide our approach. We expect to.
publish our target in 2023. For the
housebuilding sector, the majority of
emissions are associated with the production
and manufacture of materials and the energy
used by customers once they have moved
into new homes (scope 3). This means
achieving net zero emissions will require
system-level changes and coordinated
action by multiple parties, from suppliers to
governments, and at all points along the
value chain. We are committed to working
with our peers, suppliers and others to help
tackle this challenge. Our plan will include
details of specific measures and key
milestones designed to provide future
measurable targets against which the
delivery of the plan can be assessed. We
have also introduced a carbon-reduction
related measure into our Executive Incentive
Scheme for 2022.

Upcoming regulatory changes

The industry will face a number of planned,
fundamental changes in the short to medium
term. Whilst there are obvious challenges,
we believe that these changes offer an
‘opportunity to further strengthen our
‘customer proposition and drive value. We will
see the first of these come into effect in
2022, with the New Homes Ombudsman
and a change in building regulations as well
as the effective removal of Help to Buy for
reservations this year ahead of the scheme's
closure in March 2023. We have been
preparing for these changes for some time,
and this is reflected in our landbuying
approach and in our processes. More
information can be found on pages 12 and 13.

UK market environment and
current trading

The 2022 spring selling season has started
well, reflecting the underlying strength of
demand for our homes, underpinned by low
interest rates and good mortgage availabilty.

The net private sales rate for the year to date
(w/e 27 February 2022) was 1.02 per outlet
per