Taylor | ple
Wimpey

Built on
resilience

“ - ~

z

a

i

rt]

z

a *ACSOMLMG*

= 1 023 #48

| comp) E

}4/06/202:
NI

:
"ANIES HOUS!

Strategic report
2 Ataglance
3+ Our approach to ESG
4 — 2022 highlights
6 — Chair's statement
10 Chief Executive's statement
13 Our investment case
14 Our market environment
Market trends, opportunities and risks
Culture and values:
Strategy framework
Strategic cornerstones
Our key performance indicators
Business model
Material issues and targets
Stakeholder engagement and priorities
44 Section 172(1) statement
46 Operational review
46 Operational performance
49 Customers and employees
51 Sustainable building .
52 Climate and environment
54 Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures
56 Our path to net zero
70 Non-financial information statement
72 Risk management
75 Principal Risks and uncertainties
80 Group financial review
84 Viability statement

BSESRVBaAa

Directors’ report
86 Governance at a glance
Our reporting suite 88 Board of Directors
92 Group Management Team
94 Chair's introduction

Sus gnu’ Fepor and Accounts 400 Board leadership and Company purpose
www taylorwimpey.co.uk/corporate 106 Nomination and Governance Committee report
along with our Notice of Annual 115 Audit Committee report
General Meeting 2023. 124 Remuneration Committee report
The Annual Report covers key 149 Statutory, regulatory and other information
sustainability and financial
disclosures. Financial statements
152 Independent auditors’ report
160 Consolidated income statement
jagger More information on our materiality 161 Consolidated statement of comprehensive income
process, sustainability activities 162 Consolidated balance sheet
and policies can be found in our 163 Consolidated statement of changes in equity
Sustainebity Suaplement and 164 Consolidated cash flow statement

165 Notes to the consolidated financial statements
196 Company balance sheet

197 Company statement of changes in equity
198 Notes to the Company financial statements

203 Particulars of subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures
208 Five year review

Shareholder information

209 Notice of Annual General Meeting

212 Notes to the Notice of Annual General Meeting
219 Shareholder facilities

Built on
resilience

We delivered a strong financial and
operational performance in 2022.

During 2022, UK housing market conditions
changed at pace, with significantly higher
interest rates and rising cost of living
impacting customer affordability and
confidence.

Our purpose does not change - we will
continue to build great homes and create
thriving communities.

We have taken a proactive approach, with
early decisive action to increase operational
efficiency and drive financial performance

to protect and strengthen the business.

We are differentiated by our high-quality
landbank, strong balance sheet, experienced
management team, and an unwavering focus
on operational execution.

Our resilience positions us well to continue
to deliver value in all market conditions.

Taylor Wimpey ple Annual Report and Accounts 2022

At a glance

A national housebuilder
operating at a local level

2 Taylor Wimpey plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022

We are one of the UK’s leading
residential developers, operating
across five divisions and at a local
level from 22 regional businesses
across the UK. We also have
operations in Spain.

We have a clear purpose to build
great homes and create thriving
communities.

As a responsible developer,

we are committed to working with
local people and making

a positive contribution to the
communities in which we operate.

We are committed to operating
responsibly and delivering value
for all our stakeholders.

A national housebuilder operating at
a local level

Taylor Wimpey was established from the merger
of George Wimpey and Taylor Woodrow in 2007,
companies that date back over 100 years:

~ Health and safety is Taylor Wimpey's number one
priority, with a strong culture focused on doing
the right thing

~ Continue to lead the volume industry in quality, as
independently measured by the NHBC construction
quality score

— Five-star housebuilder, focused on delivering quality
homes and great customer service

— Only housebuilder with its own logistics business,
Taylor Wimpey Logistics (TWL)

- Highly engaged workforce employing over 5,000
people in the UK and providing employment for a
further 11.1k subcontractors on our sites in 2022

— Strong and long-standing relationships with charity
partnerships donating ¢.£1 million annually

— Only volume housebuilder to hold the Carbon Trust
Standard for our approach to carbon management

- Adopted science-based targets to help reduce
greenhouse gas emissions with net zero target
of 2045, five years ahead of regulation

— Differentiated Dividend Policy with priority to maintain
a strong balance sheet and continue to pay ordinary
dividends through a normal cycle

For more information on customers and employees please see
‘our Operational review on pages 49 to 51

Where we operate

Scotland, North

North West and

East and North Yorkshire
Yorkshire
4 regional 3 regional
businesses businesses
London and Midlands and
South East Wales
5 regional 5 regional
businesses businesses
Central, South
West and Spain
5 UK regional
businesses and 1

UK meptey Spanish regional .

@ Head office @ Regional offices usiness

.
Five- 14,154 232
3
star Group completions —_ average Spain map key
incl. joint ventures UK outlets @ Regional offices
(2021: 14,302) (2021: 225)

HBF customer
satisfaction rating
(2021: five-star)

Our approach to ESG

Our purpose is to build great homes and create thriving
communities. This has always been an important part of
working for Taylor Wimpey with ESG threaded through
all our stakeholder interactions. Our teams see the
social and governance aspects of ESG as ‘business as
usual’, including our strong culture and contributions to,
and involvement in, local communities. The importance
we place on ESG was formalised through the creation
of our Environment Strategy and with the addition of
Sustainability as a strategic cornerstone with specific
key performance indicators. More detail on this can

be found on pages 26 to 27 and on page 33.

We explain more about our approach in
the following sections:

Environment

Climate and environment within Pages 52 to 3
the Operational review

TCFD Pages 54 to 69
Social

Stakeholders Pages 40 to 43
Customers and employees within Pages 49 to St

the Operational review
Governance
Board Leadership and Company purpose Pages 100 to 102

Anti-bribery and anti-corruption Page 101
Modern slavery Page 150
‘Succession planning Page 108

Employee engagement Pages 104 to 105

Read more in our Sustainability Supplement and ESG
‘Addendum 2022

Taylor Wimpey ple Annual Report and Accounts 2022

Strategic report

2022 highlights

Group financial highlights

Group completions
including joint ventures

14,154

Profit before tax

£827.9m

Tangible net assets
per share*

126.5p

Revenue

£4,419.9m

Total dividend per share
paid in the year

9.06p

Operating profit margin*

20.9%

Operating profit*

£923.4m

Year end net cash*

£863.8m

Return on net
operating assets*

26.1%

Our Operational review focuses on the UK (unless stated otherwise) as the majority of metrics are not comparable in our Spanish business.
‘There is a short summary of the Spanish business in the Group financial review. The Group financial review is presented at Group level, which

includes Spain, unless otherwise indicated.

Joint ventures are excluded from the Operational review and are separated out in the Group financial review, unless stated otherwise.

* Alternative Performance Measures

The Group uses Alternative Performance Measures (APMs), such as those indicated above with a footnote symbol, as important financial
performance indicators to assess underlying performance of the Group. The Group's two financial targets are operating profit margin and
return on net operating assets. Definitions and reconciliations of our APMs to the equivalent statutory measures are included in Note 32 of
the financial statements. Please see page 85 for definitions.

4 Taylor Wimpoy plc Annual Roport and Accounts 2022

UK operational highlights

Customer .
satisfaction 8-week
score

90%

(2021: 92%)

Construction
Quality Review
average score
(out of 6)

4.81

(2021: 4.67)

Average selling
price on private
completions

£352k

(2021: £332k)

Customer
satisfaction 9-month
recommend score

78%

(2021: 79%)

New outlets opened
in the year

104

Plots in short term
landbank

c.83k

(2021: c.85k)

ESG (environmental, social, governance)

highlights

Reduction in direct
CO, emissions
intensity since 2013

51%

(2021: 50%)

Annual Injury
Incidence Rate (per
100,000 employees
and contractors)

166

(2021: 214)

Contributions to local
communities, via
planning obligations

£455m

(2021: £418m)

Employee
engagement
score

93%

(2021: 91%)

Affordable homes
as % of total UK
completions

21%

(2021: 18%)

Construction
waste recycled

98%

(2021: 97%)

Read more about our operations on pages 46 to 53

We participate in various benchmarks and have been awarded a number of industry accreditations

Read more about our approach to ESG on pages 26 to 27 and 54 to 69

Read more in our Sustainability Supplement and ESG Addendum 2022

Accreditations

Awards

‘Taylor Wimpey ple Annual Repos and Accounts 2022

Strategic report

Chair’s statement

Delivering strong
results in a changing
market

We have delivered an excellent performance
in 2022 against a changing market backdrop,
particularly in the second half of the year and
are well positioned with a strong balance
sheet, highly experienced management team
and a clear strategy to continue to deliver for
stakeholders.

Irene Dorner
Chair

Built on resilience

We delivered a strong financial and operational performance
in 2022. The UK, along with much of the global economy,
has faced a number of challenges this year, and in my last
letter to you as Taylor Wimpey Chair, I'd like to acknowledge
the hard work and dedication of our teams in navigating this
changing landscape and delivering strong results,

“Built on resilience’ is an apt theme for this year’s report
because we have spent several years enhancing the strength
and sustainability of Taylor Wimpéy. In addition to presenting
our 2022 performance, this report will demonstrate we are 2
business able to navigate different market backdrops and
well positioned for changing market conditions. The strength
and sustainability of our business, and the strategy we have
in place to achieve this, are clearly of vital importance to all
‘our stakeholders and are addressed throughout this report.

The business has a strong balance sheet, excellent landbank
and strategic pipeline, highly experienced management,

and engaged and dedicated employees. We have always
accepted that we operate in a cyclical industry and, running
the business with the cycle in mind, means we are well
placed to weather current conditions and emerge stronger
‘on the other side. Ultimately, our market benefits from strong
underlying customer demand for new homes and,
notwithstanding short term conditions, we continue to see
good levels of interest in our homes and are confident that
‘the medium to long term fundamentals of our business
remain highly attractive,

Although | will be stepping down from the role of Chair for
personal family reasons following the Annual General Meeting
(AGM) on 27 April 2023, | look forward to continuing to play

6 Taylor Wimpey ple Annual Report and Accounts 2022

an active role on the Board as a Non Executive Director.
eave the role of Taylor Wimpey Chair in extremely capable
hands with Robert Noel, along with the benefit of continuity
of leadership in a changing market environment

2022 performance

We delivered excellent progress against our strategy despite
a more challenging second half of 2022. Total Group
completions (including joint ventures) were 14,154 (2021:
14,302). We increased our operating profit margin’ to 20.9%
(2021: 19.3%) thanks to strong operational cost discipline
and focus on price optimisation and ended the year with an
operating profit” of £923.4 milion (2021: £828.6 milion), This
resulted in a profit before tax of £827.9 million (2021: 2679.6
million). Despite a difficult planning backdrop we increased
‘our UK sales outlets as guided, to end the year with 259
outlets (2021: 228).

We ended the year with an order book valued at £1,941
milion (31 December 2021: £2,550 milion), excluding joint
ventures, which represents 7,499 homes (31 December
2021: 10,009 homes).

We continue to focus on providing a reliable return to our
shareholders through our Ordinary Dividend Policy to return
7.5% of net assets or at least c.£250 millon per year. In
2022, we returned £474 milion to shareholders by way of
dividends and the share buyback programme amounting
to £150 milion,

Subject to shareholder approval at the AGM scheduled for
27 April 2023, the 2022 final ordinary dividend of 4.78 pence
per share will be paid on 12 May 2023 to shareholders on
the register at the close of business on 31 March 2023 (2021

final dividend: 4.44 pence per share). In combination with the
2022 interim dividend of 4.62 pence per share this gives total
‘ordinary dividends for the year of 9.40 pence per share (2021
ordinary dividend: 8.58 pence per share),

We see Health and Safety as business as usual in the very
best sense, but | am nonetheless pleased that we have
continued our very high standards, where our Annual Injury
Incidence Rate (All) per 100,000 employees of 166 (2021
214) is significantly below the industry benchmark. The health
and wellbeing of our employees and subcontractors must
remain our number one priority and we will continue to strive
for improvement.

We have retained our focus on build quality and are once
again the highest rated major housebuilder in the
independently measured 2022 NHBC Construction Quality
Review (COR). We are pleased to remain a five-star builder in
the HBF survey for customer satisfaction but recognise there
are areas we need to improve and, building on our volume
industry-leading quality, we have a plan in place to drive
higher customer service standards.

More information on our 2022 trading and operational
performance can be found within our Operating review

‘on pages 46 to 53 and our Group financial review on pages
80 to 83.

A changing market environment

‘Along with much of the world, the UK economy has entered
a more challenging market environment compared to recent
years. Just as we were beginning to emerge from the huge
human and economic costs of COVID-19, throughout 2022
the UK had to absorb a number of political and economic
shocks, in particular in relation to the impact of the war in
Ukraine. The energy price crisis, disruption of food supply
and the residual effect of COVID-19 led to generally high
inflation, causing central banks to substantially and rapidly
increase interest rates. In the UK, the mini budget of 23
‘September preceded a sudden spike in mortgage rates for
‘our customers. Together with cost of living challenges, more
‘expensive mortgage borrowing had an immediate and
tangible impact on our sales from the third quarter of 2022.

‘These are difficult times for the UK economy at large and,
Given reduced market demand, we expect our 2023
‘completions to be lower than 2022. However, we have
always known we operate in a cyclical industry and have
run the business with the cycle in mind so are well prepared.
Read more in our market review on pages 14 to 19.

Management experience more important
than ever

Inevitably, it is in more challenging times that the strength,
diversity, skills and experience of the management team
are most called upon. | am pleased to say we not only
have a vastly experienced team in place but one that has
operated in most market conditions. This is an important
‘strength and differentiator when you consider that, aside
from the significant disruption owing to COVID-19, the
market has been largely supportive in the 14 years since
the global financial crisis. Our senior executive committee,
the Group Management Team (GMT) has a total of c.150
years’ service at Taylor Wimpey and even longer experience
in the building sector.

Providing a reliable return to our shareholders

In line with our Ordinary Dividend Policy to return 7.5% of net assets
or at least £250 milion to shareholders throughout the cycle, we
announced a final ordinary dividend of 4.78 pence per share, which is
subject to shareholder approval at the Annual General meeting (AGM).

Together with the 2022 interim dividend of 4.62 pence per share
this gives total ordinary dividends for the year of 9.40 pence per
share (2021: 8.58 pence per share).

In addition, the Group returned £150 milion in capital by way of a share
buyback in the year, which increases both earnings per share and
dividend per share for our shareholders.

Given the current levels of market uncertainty the Board is not proposing
any return of excess capital at this time but will continue to review this,
position throughout the year.

Details of our resolutions for the 2022 AGM can be found
‘on pages 210 to 211.

2022 final ordinary 2022 ordinary
dividend per share dividend for year

4.78p 9.40p

(2021: 4.44p) (2021: 8.58p)

2022 was also a year of transition for our executive
management. Jennie Daly took on the role of Chief Executive
following the AGM in April. Jennie has a wealth of experience
in the housing sector and has moved quickly to put her
stamp on our business. At an investor event in May, Jennie
launched a clear vision to the market, laying out the strategic
comerstones which feature prominently in this report: land,
operational excellence, sustainability and capital allocation
(read more on pages 21 to 29).

‘As someone with a deep understanding of the business
and wider industry and passionate about our long term
success, Jennie has been able to have an immediate impact
and her tightened operational focus has set us up well for

a changing market.

The Board has met frequently to discuss the challenges

and we have continued to engage with our stakeholders

as we weighed key decisions. The Board uses a number

of indicators both current and forward looking to regularly
determine the outlook for our marketplace. As a consequence,
we have been able to move quickly to protect value. Jennie
talks more about our actions to prepare for changing market
conditions in her statement on page 11.

Taylor Wimpey ple Annual Report and Accounts 2022

Strategic report

's statement continued

Stakeholder engagement

The Board is responsible for ensuring our business is
sustainable in the long term by respecting and taking
account of the needs and views of all our stakeholders in our
decision-making process. We continue to recognise the vital
importance of effective stakeholder engagement and in this
respect 2022 was a busy year.

On behatf of the Board, | conducted a number of meetings in
late 2021 and early 2022 with major investors to hear their
views on our Chief Executive succession process. | also met
with investors to discuss wider themes relating to strategy
and ESG.

In 2022, following the easing of COVID-19 restrictions, the
Board was pleased to be able to invite shareholders in
person to the AGM in April, This AGM saw Pete Redfern step
down from the Board and Jennie Daly take up her
appointment as Chief Executive. | am pleased that she
moved quickly to introduce her vision to the market in May
2022, only @ month after taking up the role, via an in-person
meeting in central London. This event was attended by a
number of major investors and our covering analysts, and
was also made available online shortly after the meeting,
Following the meeting we received positive feedback for the
clarity of the strategy and messaging.

This year the Board and | visited a number of our regional
businesses and sites across the country and I continue to be
impressed with our operational progress and the culture
throughout the Taylor Wimpey business.

In addition to their regular visits around our business, both
Jennie and Group Finance Director Chris Carney, together
with members of our GMT, hold regular live video conference
updates that are accessible to all of our employees.

We conducted an employee survey in the year which
returned an excellent engagement score of 93%. There
remain areas employees would like us to improve such as
communication between regional businesses and functions,
workloads, and ensuring all employees have a regular
performance discussion with their Line Manager. Following
the survey, each regional business and department is
charged with taking the results and implementing tangible
actions in the areas identified as in need of improvement.

Employee engagement score
%

93%

(2021: 91%)

Mean gender pay gap
(in favour of women)

-2%

(2021: -6% in favour of women)

8 Taylor Wimpey ple Annual Report and Accounts 2022

Board changes

It has been a privilege to serve as Chair of Taylor Wimpey
and | know | leave the business in extremely capable hands
as | step down from the role of Chair following the 2023 AGM
in April. | have been impressed with the talent and culture at
Taylor Wimpey during my three years as Chair.

| would like to thank my Board colleagues, the GMT and all of
‘our employees across the business for their dedication,
commitment and hard work over the last three years. | have
prioritised engaging with the full range of Taylor Wimpey
‘stakeholders during my tenure as Chair and | would like to
thank all of you for your constructive dialogue. | know this is
‘something that Rob Noel will continue to build on when he
succeeds me.

Rob will succeed me as Chair following the AGM on 27 Apri
and his appointment represents excellent continuity for the
business. Rob joined the Board as an Independent Non
Executive Director in October 2019 and subsequently
became the Senior Independent Director in Apri! 2020 and
for the last year has been the Board's Employee Champion,
responsible for championing the employee voice in the
boardroom and strengthening the link between the Board
and employees. His appointment follows a thorough search
process involving extemal advisers which considered both
internal and external candidates. He has over 30 years’
experience in the property sector, including eight years as.
the CEO of Land Securities Group PLC. Rab is also Chair
of Hammerson pic and brings deep commercial experience
and continuity of leadership as we face a dynamic market
environment,

This year the Board was also pleased to welcome Mark
Castle and Clodagh Moriarty as new Non Executive Directors.
Mark has significant operational experience in all aspects of
the construction sector and Clodagh has 20 years of varied
customer-focused experience across retail, strategy, digital
transformation and e-commerce.

Diversity and inclusion

Diversity and inclusion continues to be a focus for

‘Taylor Wimpey and | am pleased to see tangible progress
with our Equality, Diversity and Inclusion Strategy. We realise
‘we have further to go and in 2023 we are pleased to be
publishing the Company's first Diversity Report, ahead of
regulation. We have also set ourselves a number of
stretching diversity targets, which are focused on increasing
our female and ethnic minority representation at various
levels of the business, and which build on our important early
entry programmes. We have established support structures
‘such as our system of employee networks sponsored by
‘senior management, to support employees and actively
promote diversity. We have made changes to our recruitment
processes and are training our managers to be aware of
issues such as Cultural bias, inclusive leadership and creating
a respectful workplace.

Our 2022 mean gender pay gap was 2% still in favour of
women (2021: 6% in favour of women) and the median pay
gap was also small at 1% in favour of men (2021: 5% in
favour of women).

You can read more about our approach throughout this
report and in our Diversity Report on our website.

Building a sustainable future

Our ESG strategy will continue to be aligned to our purpose,
ensuring that we play our part in creating a sustainable future
for everyone. In 2022, we built upon the work of our
Environment Strategy to advance our Net Zero Transition
Pian which will support the UK's commitment to reach net
zero carbon by 2050 and submitted our net zero targets to
the Science Based Targets initiative (SBT) for independent
assessment. The process involved comprehensive
‘engagement with external and internal stakeholders and you
can read more about this throughout this integrated report.

We will add an environmental measure to the long-term
incentive plan available for the Executive Directors and other
eligible employees.

We were awarded a number of industry accreditations,
including being named in Sustainalytics's newly released
2023 Top-Rated ESG Companies List. In addition,

Taylor Wimpey ranked seventh out of the FTSE 100 and
was the highest scoring housebuilder in the Responsibility
100 Index Walk Score that assesses companies on their
commitment to key social, environmental, and ethical
objectives.

2023 AGM

This year's AGM will take place in person at the Crowne
Plaza Hotel Gerrards Cross, and we are very much looking
forward to the opportunity to once again meet many of our
shareholders in person. To further encourage shareholder
engagement and accessibility, a live audiocast of our AGM
will be available to qualifying shareholders. As has been the
case in our previous AGMSs, shareholders will also be able

to submit their vote in advance by proxy and email questions
in advance of the meeting.

Looking forward

Whilst still very early in the year, current trading shows signs
‘of improvement but remains at lower levels than in recent
years. Our management team has been quick to protect the
long term interests of our business and retains close scrutiny
‘on our cost base, while retaining the flexibility to respond to
market opportunities as they emerge. We will continue to
manage all of the aspects within our control to protect
‘stakeholder interests and we remain confident in the medium
to long term outlook for our business.

On a personal note, | would like to thank our shareholders
and all our stakeholders for their engagement throughout my
tenure as Chair. | would also like to end by thanking the
Board and Taylor Wimpey colleagues for their commitment
and support. It has been my absolute pleasure and a
privilege to be Chair of the Taylor Wimpey Board and | look
forward to continuing to work with them and for you all as

a Non Executive Director.

Luu Poor

Irene Dorner
Chair

* Definitions and reconciliations of our APMs to the equivalent statutory
‘measures are included in Note 32 of the financial statements.
Please see page 85 for definitions.

Chair Designate Robert Noel

| would first like to thank Irene for her excellent stewardship over the last
few years. | and the rest of the Board are delighted that she has agreed
to continue to serve on the Board, so we may continue to benefit from
her deep experience and wise counsel.

Itis an honour and a privilege to take on the role of Chair at Taylor Wimpey.
‘The Company has a clear purpose and strong culture, and this will be key
in navigating changing market conditions. We exist to build great homes
and thriving communities, creating value for all our stakeholders and | look
forward to maintaining our strong relationships with both shareholders
and key stakeholders.

Currently, the UK economy is stuttering and demand for housing has.
weakened, Having been in the wider property sector for over three
decades, | am used to the cyclical nature of demand and in my time

at Taylor Wimpey | have witnessed the focus the management team has
put into ensuring the business is well prepared fo