TAYLOR WIMPEY plc

Annual Report and Accounts
For the year ended

31 December 2018

Registered No. 296805

‘A882Z5GA*
9

*,
21/06/2019 #228
COMPANIES HOUSE

Al

FRIDAY

Taylor _ | ple
Wimpey

Becoming a
customer-centric
homebuilder

Annual Report and Accounts 2018

Revenue (£m)

Employee turnover (%)

14.5 |

2017: 14.0

Total dividend per share (p)

19.28

2017: 13.79

At a glance how '

Customer satisfaction 8-week score Tangible net asset
‘Would you recommend?’ (%) value per sharet (p)

90 98.3

2017: 89 6006 2017: 95.7

Return on net
operating assets** (%)

33.4

2017: 32.5

Year end net cash* (£m)

644.1

2017: 511.8

Profit before tax (£m) Adjusted basic earnings

per sharet* (p)

21.3

2017: 20.2

@ Definitions can be found in the Group financial review on page 53

We participate in various benchmarks and have
been awarded a number of industry accreditations

Where we
operate

We operate at a local level
from 24 regional businesses
across the UK, and we also

have operations in Spain.

Alternative Performance Measures

‘The Group uses Alternative Performance Measures (APM) as key financial
performance of the Group. The APMs used are widely used industry meast
strategic KPIs (return on net operating assets” and operating profi’ margin
Allreferences to operating profit’ throughout this report meet the definition +

we performed in 2018

Group completions including JVs

Profit for the year (£m)

656.6

2017: 555.3

Net private sales rate
per outlet per week

0.80

2017:0.77

UK map key
Head office
Regional offices
London market

porformance indicators to assess undertying
ites, form the measurement basis of the key

1) and are linked directly to executive remuneration.

of an APM.

Number recruited to early talent Operating profit* (£m)

programmes in the year

175

2017: 126 oo °e

Annual Injury Incidence Rate (per
100,000 employees and contractors)

228

Basic earnings per share (p)

20.1

2017: 17.0 2017: 12 oo
Construction Quality Review Landbank years
3.93 c.5 1
2017: 3.74 e00 2017: ¢.5.1 Cul %)

Central and South
West Division

5,259

North Division

6,431

Homes completed
10 offices Homes completed
8 offices
London and South
East Division Spain
3,132 342
Homes completed Homes completed
6 offices 3 offices

Definitions of the APMs, discussed throughout our Annual Report and Accounts, and a reconciliation to the equivalent statutory
‘measure are detailed in the Alternative Performance Measures section on pages 178 to 180.

‘The 2017 financial statements have been restated for the adoption of IFRS 9 - ‘Financial Instruments’ and IFRS 15 ~ ‘Revenue from
Contracts with Customers’. They have not been restated for IFRS 16 as it has been applied from 1 January 2016 using the ‘moditied
‘retrospective’ approach, as outlined in the standard.

Taylor Wimpey plc is a customer-focused residential developer building
and delivering homes and communities across the UK and in Spain.

We are one of the UK’s largest residential developers. We do much
more than build homes - we add social, economic and environmental
value to the wider communities in which we operate.

We are first and foremost a local business and an important contributor
to the local communities.

Contents

Strategic report

2 Chair's statement

4 — Chief Executive's letter

6 Group Management Team Q&A
8 UK market review

12 Ourstrategy

24 Our key performance indicators
26 Strategic goals

27 Our investment proposition

28 Our business model

30 Creating value for stakeholders
42. Our approach to risk management
44 Principal risks and uncertainties
52 Group financial review

Directors’ report: governance

58
60
82
87
96

Board of Directors

Corporate governance

Audit Committee report
Nomination Committee report
Remuneration Committee report

417 Statutory, regulatory and

other information

Financial statements

124
130
131

132
133

134
135

168
169

170

174

178

Independent auditor's report
Consolidated income statement
Consolidated statement of
comprehensive income
Consolidated balance sheet
Consolidated statement of
changes in equity

Consolidated cash flow statement
Notes to the consolidated
financial statements

Company balance sheet
Company statement of changes
in equity

Notes to the Company

financial statements

Particulars of subsidiaries, associates
and joint ventures

Five year review and alternative
performance measures

Shareholder information

181
184

189

Notice of Annual General Meeting
Notes to the notice of Annual
General Meeting

‘Shareholder facilities

Connect with us

There are several ways you can get in
touch with us or follow our news.

Co} www.taylorwimpey.co.uk/corporate
ty) www.twitter.com/taylorwimpeyple

fin) www linkedin.com/company/taylor-wimpey

Navigating this report

The icons below help to signpost where
you can find more information.

Read more

Questions and answers
Key performance indicators
Link to remuneration

Link to our stakeholders

Link to our business mode!

eeo00068

Link to our strategic goals

1

Our ultimate aim is to become
a genuinely customer-centric
homebuilder by shifting our focus
to our customers’ needs and
their aspirations for their

homes and communities.

Best in
class efficient
engine room

@ See pages 22 and 23

Customers and
communities at the
heart of our strategy
@ See pages 14 and 15

Becoming a
customer-centric
homebuilder

Becoming the
employer
of choice

@ See pages 20 and 21

Build quality:
getting it
right first time
@ See pages 16 and 17

Optimising our
strong landbank
@ See pages 18 and 19

© Read more on pages 30 to 41
© Read more on pages 24 to 25
@ Read more on pages 28 to 29

Taylor Wimpey ple Annual Report and Accounts 2018,

Astep change in strategy

2018 has been an exciting year for Taylor Wimpey.
Iwill touch on some of the year's operating
hightights and our record financial performance
later in my statement, but will first begin with our
new strategy which we introduced to shareholders
at our Capital Markets Day in May 2018. This is
something we are all very passionate about and
represents a shift for Taylor Wimpey, following
the natural conclusion of a very successful
strategic plan which took us from 2011, through
the early stages of the housing market recovery,
up to early 2018. Our new strategy reflects a
deep desire to do more for our customers and
a recognition that, in an ever-changing world,
‘our customers’ expectations have moved on
significantly and that our products and services
must too. Our strategy ullimately aims to position
Taylor Wimpey as a genuinely customer-centric
homebuilder. This evolution takes place in a
much-improved planning and land environment,
which we are confident will persist for the
foreseeable future. More information on this can
be found on pages 10 and 11,

‘As Chair, | am proud of the investment and the
progress we have already made in improving our
customer service to date, and we are very
pleased to have scored over 90% on the Home
Builders Federation (HBF) 2017/18 survey,
however there is still some way to go before we
can be really described as customer-centric.

For this to happen we need to commit to
putting customers and communities at the heart
of each and every decision we make throughout
the business and deliver on this time and again,
aspiring to get it right fist time, every time. We
are privileged to work ina company and an
industry which has a deep connection to its
customers and their lives and lifestyles.

2

Chair’s statement

We recognise that each of the decisions our
teams take, from the land we buy to the house
types and community facilities we build, has a
significant impact on our customers’ lives. Our
homes are where important memories are
made, where birthday parties are hosted, where
the first photos in school uniform are taken, and
where we live, work and play, We therefore have
‘an important role to play in our customers’ fives
and are aware of the huge responsibity this brings.

Your Board also believes that there will be a.

real benefit not only to our customers, but to

‘our employees, shareholders and other
stakeholders from delivering on our new strategy.
As shareholders, you own a business that believes
in its customers and, through identifying and
serving customers’ needs better than anyone
else in the industry, this will make us a bigger,
better and stronger business. We have reordered
this 2018 Annual Report to clearly show how we
plan to achieve our objectives. More information
‘about our strategy, and our investment proposition
to you, can be found within Pete Redfem’s letter
‘on page 5 and on page 27.

The UK housing market in 2018

The housing market has been stable throughout
2018, despite the wider macro-economic and
significant political uncertainty that has
characterised the year. Whilst our share price
and that of our peers has been volatile through
the year, reacting to this uncertainty, we have
seen the underlying business and our future
potential remain strong. Customer confidence
has continued to be resilient with strong levels
of interest in our developments converting to
high sales rates. You can find more information
‘on the market on pages 10 and 11 including the
main drivers for future performance, and how
the business is set up to manage the cycle,
which we believe to be an important
differentiator for Taylor Wimpey.

Taylor Wimpey 2018 financial
performance

I'm delighted that during 2018 we have
delivered 14,933 home completions across the
UK (2017: 14,541). During the year operating
profit® has grown to £880.2 million, a new record
for the Group, Profit before tax was £810.7 million,
up 19% in 2018 (2017: £682.0 million) and
profit for the year increased to £656.6 milion
(2017: £555.3 milion). | am particularly pleased
to report that in 2018, we have also returned a
record amount to shareholders through
dividends and, alongside our strategy update in
May 2018, we announced an enhanced ordinary
dividend going forward. During 2018
shareholders continued to benefit from our
‘success, receiving c.£500 million in dividends,
and we have committed to returning 20% more
dividends in 2019 which underlines our confidence
in the business. More information about our
financial performance can be found in the ‘Ata
glance’ section and within Chris Camey’s financial
review on pages 52 to 56. It is worth taking

the time to recognise that whilst financial
performance is obviously very important to us
and our shareholders, we want to ensure that
we deliver this in the right way. Accordingly, and
as | have said in prior years, a key function of the
Board is to ensure good corporate governance
at all times, and this is something we take very
seriously at Taylor Wimpey and has been
recognised by the level of shareholder support
at successive Annual General Meetings. More
information can be found within my introduction
to the Corporate Govemance section on page 60;
in the Board activities section on page 68; and
in stakeholder engagement on pages 76-79.
We believe in ambition and accountability and
have set out five-year goals (which you can find
‘on page 26) which are stretching and target
further improvement in a number of areas.

“We are privileged to play an important role
in our customers’ lives and are aware of the
huge responsibility this brings.”

We have accordingly updated our senior
‘management bonus targets to reflect this and
‘more information on remuneration can be found
on page 96.

Health and safety and environment

‘The health and safety of everyone on and
around our sites has always been, and will
always be, our number one priority. We are
committed to this non-negotiable objective
each and every day. We were therefore deeply
saddened by the tragic death of a
subcontractor on one of our sites in 2018
following a serious accident. We are assisting
the Health and Safety Executive with the
accident investigation and await their findings.
This is the first fatality on a Taylor Wimpey site
since 2004 but that makes it no less of a tragedy.

Building sites are, by their very nature,
dangerous and so we do everything we can
possibly do to minimise those risks. We embed
a safety culture through training, awareness and
visible health and safety leadership. Whilst our
Annual Injury Incidence Rate (AlIR) remains well
below both the HBF Home Builder Average
and Health and Safety Executive Construction
Industry Average, we are not complacent

and we will continue to seek to improve this.
‘Our AIIR for reportable injuries per 100,000
employees and contractors was 228 in 2018
(2017: 152). Our AIIR for major injuries per
100,000 employees and contractors was 64 in
2018 (2017: 54).

We aim to integrate sustainability into the way
we work for the benefit of our business, our
customers, our people and all our stakeholders.
Our sustainability framework sets out our priority
sustainability issues and shows how we will
deliver on our values to build a proud and
sustainable legacy. More information can be
found in our 2018 Sustainability Report,

Taylor Wimpey culture and our employees
The culture of Taylor Wimpey and our people is
what makes our company special, | talked about
‘ur ultimate goal of becoming a genuinely
‘customer-centric homebuilder but we can

‘only do that with and because of our people.
During the year we have engaged extensively
with teams across the business about our new
strategy. Their input has been invaluable in how
we have shaped and will implement it. Therefore,
itis here that | want to say thank you to all our
employees across the business, We have seen
record employee engagement this year and this
just underlines the commitment and energy from
the whole business to our company and its

success. Over half of our employees either
Participate in one or both of the All Employee
Share Plans or are already shareholders in the
Company, in 2018, 34.2% of all elgible
‘employees participated in the 2018 Sharesave
scheme (up from 33.3% in 2017).

This year, a particular highlight for me personally
was the Board's visit to our South Thames
business where | and the rest of the Board

had the opportunity to meet some of our
apprentices and hear first hand about their
training and their aspirations for the future.

We are delighted to have taken on over 400
apprentices over the past three years and
delight in seeing their fantastic progress.

Our apprentice programme builds on extremely
successful graduate intakes over many years
and management trainee schemes. Our
‘commitment to training continues throughout
their careers and many who have joined us as
trainees over the years have gone on to
become key members of our management
teams including Ingrid Osborne, one of our
Divisional Chairs.

Kate Barker DBE, our Senior Independent
Director and Chair of the Remuneration
Committee, and | also had the pleasure of
attending one of our National Employee

Forum meetings during the year, which is the
‘Company's elected workforce representative
body, We enjoyed a good discussion on Taylor
Wimpey's governance and remuneration
approach. More details of the Forum appear
on page 79.

During 2018 we were particularly delighted
to be recognised as one of the UK's top 10
employers by Glassdoor as rated by our
‘employees. Once again, we were the only
commercial housebuilder to make the list, and it
further demonstrates that we are well on our
way to becoming an employer of choice in the
industry, as we strive to deliver a unique and
valued employee experience.

We have promoted Chris Carney and Jennie
Daly to the Board in 2018 as Group Finance
Director and Group Operations Director
respectively. Both Chris and Jennie bring
great operational depth and experience from
‘other roles, and present a different perspective
to Board discussions. | am delighted to
welcome them on your behalf and thrilled that
we have been able to develop such strong
leadership succession both for the Board
and throughout the business. | would also,
‘on behalf of the Board, like to express our
thanks to Ryan Mangold who stood down:

as Group Finance Director in April 2018 after
eight highly successful years in the role;

to Mike Hussey who stood down as an
Independent Non Executive Director in July 2018
after almost seven years in the role and as a
member of the Aucit and Nomination Committees;
and to Rob Rowley who stood down as an
Independent Non Executive Director and the
Senior Independent Director in April 2018 after
over eight years’ service on the Board and

its Committees, particularly as Chair of the
Audit Committee. We wish Ryan, Mike and Rob
all the very best for the future.

\ joined the Board of Taylor Wimpey in July 2010
and I have enjoyed my time immensely. As part
of our ongoing Board succession planning
reviews, the Nomination Committee will be
putting the wheels in motion to recruit my
successor during the course of this year.

In drawing this Chair's statement to a conclusion
I'd like to thank duc shareholders for their
look forward to updating

Kevin Beeston
Chair

2
3
3
2.
3
3
3
3
a

£8102 swuncooy pur Vodou enuuy od Kody s0}KEy,

Taylor Wimpey ple Annual Report and Accounts 2018

Total dividend paid in 2018

£499.5m

2017: £450.5m

Group operating profit* margin
in 2018

21.6%

2017: 21.3%

Return on net operating
assets** in 2018

33.4%

2017: 32.5%

4
Chief Executive's letter

“A new strategic direction
focused on customers.”

Pete Redfem — Chief Executive

In 2018, we announced a new strategy at our Capital Markets Day in
‘May, the first major change to our direction since 2011. We are proud
‘of what we achieved during this time and by every measure the ‘old’
‘strategy has been very successful; delivering over 90,000 new homes
in the UK and creating £7 billion of shareholder value. But, inevitably
the environment in which we operate has continued to change and
develop over that period. Having taken the old strategy as far as we
could, we need to seek to protect that value we have built up and
ensure the business is ready and able to take advantage of
‘opportunities, and we can't do that by standing stil.

Why now?

We operate in an industry which is underpinned by a fundamental
long term demand and supply imbalance. As one of the UK's largest
homebuilders, we believe that we have a shared responsibility to
create more choices for those wanting to access housing, and to
deliver this housing with high quality and excellent service.

Traditionally housebuilders are land led. Over the last seven years, the
land and planning environment has undergone a structural change, with
‘more good-quality land available through the planning system and an
increase in opportunities, including a reduced level of competition, in
certain parts of the market, such as large scale sites. While land remains
a key value diver, the easing of the land constraint through this cycle
means that other elements of the business model have become
increasingly important to future success. This includes operational
ability, delivery capability and approach to customers, particularly in the
context of significantly changed customer expectations.

‘These changes present an opportunity in an industry which has
historically been very reactive to genuinely shift our focus to our
customers’ needs and their aspirations for their hones and
communities. Over the coming years, by enhancing every step of our
customers’ buying and after service experience, building homes which
are right first time and right for our customers’ income and lifestyle, we
can create real additional value for customers, and the rest of our
stakeholders. In this way we can grow our business, providing more
homes to more people, whilst continuing to manage the cycle
cautiously and without compromising on quality.

What does customer-centric actually mean to us?

We thought long and hard about the wording because it is a phrase
which can suffer from overuse and is used fippantly by some.
However, we believe it is appropriate to use because it signifies that
all our decisions and actions are driven by a desire to understand
what our customers need today and in the future and a commitment
to earn their trust by detivering on our promises time and time again.
itis ambitious and we are not there yet.

When we first started our customer journey, over four years ago, there
was some scepticism both inside and outside the business — not because
people didn’t want to do it, or thought that it wasn't important, but

because they thought it couldn't be done. I'm pleased to say that
across the business the opposite is true today as we have seen the
investments we have made and the effort the teams have put in really
start to pay off.

ur customers tell us that the improvements we have already made
to our customer service approach are working, We have made a
significant step change in our business over the last four years. Whilst
we have made great progress and over 90% of customers would
recommend Taylor Wimpey to a friend (2017: 89%), this performance
often drops over time, a common trend across the industry. There are
of course a number of contributing factors, and not all within our
control, but we start from the point that to be genuinely customer-
centric, we have to understand the causes and look for solutions.

We have therefore introduced the National House-Building Council
(NHBC) 9-month ‘would you recommend’ score, as an additional Key
Performance Indicator, which captures the feedback from customers
living in their homes for nine months.

Through the year |, and other members of the Group Management Team,
have run a number of presentations, meetings and focus groups with
employees across the country, in addition to an all staff survey and
providing additional feedback opportunities. What has come across
loud and clear is a passion and pride in working for Taylor Wimpey
and a genuine desire to do more for our customers. It is true that
better run businesses tend to do the right thing more often than not,
but we think that is the wrong philosophy; we start from doing the
right thing and because of that we are a better and stronger business.

Setting out our strategy

This new strategy, which we announced to investors and analysts at
‘our Capital Markets Day in May, maps out our priorities and principles
for at least the next ten years, and sets out some of the key numerical
goals for the next five years (which you can see on page 26).

We have tried to do something different in our Annual Report this year,
at a time when it is more important than ever for shareholders, and
other stakeholders, to understand and trust the business that they are
investing in, partnering with and working for. As well as setting out the
key components of the strategy in detail (pages 12 to 23), we have
also revisited the underlying investment proposition for Taylor Wimpey
(page 27) and reordered the year's operating review by stakeholder
(pages 30 to 41), Our hope is that this will enable all our stakeholders
to understand how becoming a genuinely customer-centric
homebuilder will add value to them specifically, and to the

wider business.

fo te

Pete Redfern
Chief Executive

2
3
5

s
3
3

3
3
a

18102 siuncooy pue voday Fenuuy 91d Aadwim 0}KeL,

Taylor Wimpey pic Annual Report and Accounts 2018

6
Group Management Team Q&A

Well positioned
for the year ahead

Pete Redfern (PR) Chris Carney (CC) Jennie Daly (JD)
Chief Executive Group Finance Director Group Operations Director
Responsibilities Responsibilities Responsibilities

As head of the Group Chris's role covers all areas Jennie oversees our land,
Management Team (GMT), _of finance, including tax, planning, design and
responsibilities include key treasury and managing the —_technical, production and
strategic and operational Group's defined benefit supply chain functions, in
decisions, sustainability, pension scheme, as well as addition to managing the
customer service and overall responsibility for our Taylor Wimpey Logistics
health and safety. ‘commercial and information business. As part of her

technology functions.

It has been a great year
for Taylor Wimpey but
there are always
challenges and 2019 will
be no exception. How is
the GMT preparing for the
year ahead?

What are the key priorities for the
year ahead?

PR Operationally, safety on site is always our
non-negotiable number one priority and
continues to be the first item discussed at every
Board meeting. We are continuing to embed
our customer-centric strategy and our focus in
2019 is on making good progress on the key
priorities that underpin our customer-led
strategy. This includes ensuring our right frst
time approach is adopted consistently through
all stages of build, supply chain improvements,
‘ongoing people development and resourcing of
future capacity, through apprentices and our
direct labour programme. We reset our KPIs in
2018 to ensure we are targeting the right areas
and these will be measured and reported to
GMT through the year.

land and planning role,
Jennie also leads our
response to the evolving Ul
planning system.

Taylor Wimpey launched a
customer-centric strategy in 2018
- what is new in this approach
for customers?

DM We always strive to work in the best
interests of the customer and, in a sense,

this approach formalises that commitment.

But it is more than that. Where it goes further

is in outlining, in some detail, the changes we
need to make to really put customers first.
During 2017 and 2018 we conducted a wide
ranging customer research project to help set
‘our customer priorities. It has also helped us
assess each stage of the business model,
through the customers’ eyes, from planning and
design to construction, sales and aftersales
and, where necessary, make improvements.

Why the change in strategy?

JJ With a much improved land and planning
backdrop environment aiding our forward
planning, there is an opportunity for us to
increasingly shape our business around the
needs of our customers. This of course involves
continuing to listen to what customers are telling
us whilst employing technology that can bring
tangible benefits. Being able to focus on the
areas thal really matter to customers also
simplifies the business, informing our priorities
and guiding our decision making. Customer
feedback plays an important role. For example,
this has helped us design a new standard
house type range which we will launch in 2019,

James Jordan (JJ)
Group Legal Director

and Company Secretary
Responsibilities

James is responsible for our
Company

department, as well as
overseeing al legal matters
from plot conveyancing

to landbuying.

IK

In what ways does this approach
impact operations?

JD A great deal of thought and detail has gone
into how we will embed our customer-centric
approach throughout the business. Our strategy
focuses on the five key pillars we have outlined in
this report; placing customers and communities
at the heart of our strategy; right first time build
quality; optimising our strong landbank;
‘becoming the employer of choice; and
developing a best in class efficient engine room.
To achieve each of these aims we have
established a number of new principles and
practices that have each been matched with
relevant KPIs to help measure our progress.

How will you drive improvements
at site level?

10 We will do this by taking a more strategic
approach to our build on site, adopting a factory
approach, scaling up build teams on large sites,
to align with the market demand, to deliver
more homes.

NH For example, on large sites such as Great
Western Park, Didcot, in my Division, we have
‘multiple factories operating independently. This
approach enables us to provide more homes for
our customers, utilise our skilled teams more
productively and is a more efficient use of our
‘shareholders’ capital.

“Our focus in 2019 is on making good progress on the key
priorities that underpin our customer-led strategy.”

Pete Redfern — Chief Executive

Anne Billson-Ross Nigel Holland (NH) Daniel McGowa