BETA Close X ME Group International plc has announced a General Meeting on February 26, 2026, to seek shareholder approval for a proposed share buy-back authority allowing the repurchase of up to 37,772,333 ordinary shares, representing 10% of the issued share capital. This initiative requires a Rule 9 waiver from the Panel on Takeovers and Mergers, which has been agreed subject to independent shareholder approval, to permit the buy-back without triggering a mandatory offer from the Concert Party. The company, possessing a strong and expectedly growing cash balance, aims to gain flexibility in utilizing its buy-back authority for the benefit of shareholders. Disclaimer* ME Group International PLC 10 February 2026 10 February 2026 ME GROUP INTERNATIONAL PLC ("ME Group" or "the Group" or "the Company") Notice of General Meeting, Proposed Share Buy-Back Authority and Rule 9 Waiver ME Group International plc (LON: MEGP), the instant-service vending equipment group, announces that today it has posted a Circular to Shareholders giving Notice of a General Meeting to be held at 10.00 a.m. on 26 February 2026 at the offices of Hudson Sandler LLP, 25 Charterhouse Square, London, EC1M 6AE. Proposed Share Buy-Back Authority and Rule 9 Waiver The Company has historically sought authority and received approval from its shareholders to make market purchases of its own shares, with the most recent authority being granted at the Company's AGM on 25 April 2025, permitting the Company to repurchase up to 37,682,875 Ordinary Shares of 0.5p each ( "Ordinary Shares" ), equal to 10 per cent of the Company's issued share capital as at 11 March 2025 (being the latest practicable date before publication of the Notice of AGM on 19 March 2025). However, despite this authority having already been granted, the Company has been restricted from using it owing to the Concert Party being interested in more than 30 per cent but less than 50 per cent of the total voting rights of the Company as any increase in any member of the Concert Party's percentage interest in Ordinary Shares (which includes any increase caused by way of a share buy-back) would normally trigger an obligation for an offer to be made by the Concert Party under Rule 9 of the City Code. With a strong cash balance, which the Board believes will increase, the Board has concluded that it wishes to have the flexibility to use its buy-back authority in circumstances that it decides are in the best interests of the Company. Accordingly, the Company has today posted a Circular that sets out the background to, and reasons why the Board believes it to be in the best interests of Shareholders as a whole, for the Company to reapply for authority to make market purchases of up to 37,772,333 of its Ordinary Shares (being 10 per cent of the Company's issued share capital as at the Latest Practicable Date before publication of the Circular), under the same pricing parameters as previously approved (the " Proposed Buy-Back Authority " and the " Repurchase Resolution "). It is the Company's intention that the Proposed Buy-Back Authority shall, if granted, expire at the conclusion of the annual general meeting of the Company to be held in 2027. In addition, The Panel on Takeovers and Mergers has agreed to waive the obligation on the Concert Party to make a general offer for the entire issued, and to be issued, share capital of the Company not already held by the Concert Party which may arise under Rule 9 of the Takeover Code as a result of the Company purchasing its Ordinary Shares under the Proposed Buy-Back Authority, subject to approval on a poll by the Independent Shareholders of the Waiver Resolution as set out in the Notice of GM. The Circular sets out further details in respect of both the Repurchase Resolution and the Waiver Resolution. The Circular to Shareholders will be made available on ME Group's website, https://me-group.com/. Defined terms used in this announcement are the same as those defined in the Circular unless the context requires otherwise. Enquiries: ME Group International plc Serge Crasnianski, CEO Vladimir Crasneanscki, Deputy CEO Stéphane Gibon, CFO +44 (0) 1372 453 399 Hudson Sandler Wendy Baker / Nick Moore +44 (0) 20 7796 4133 me-group@hudsonsandler.com NOTES TO EDITORS ME Group International plc (LSE: MEGP) is an international market leader in automated self-service equipment aimed at the consumer market. The Group operates, sells and services a wide range of instant-service vending equipment across 18 countries in its key regions of Continental Europe, the UK & Republic of Ireland and Asia Pacific. The Group's services include: Core activities: · Photo.ME Photobooths and integrated biometric identification solutions · Wash.ME Unattended laundry services and launderettes Ancillary activities: · Print.ME High-quality digital printing kiosks · Other vending Primarily foodservice vending equipment (Feed.ME), Children's rides (Amuse.ME), Photocopier services (Copy.ME) The Group has a proven track record of innovation and diversification of its products and services enabling it to respond to the evolving needs of its customers and consumers. The Group benefits from well-established partnerships and long-term contracts with major site owners in attractive, high-footfall locations, enabling it to offer multiple products and services onsite. Partners include supermarkets, petrol forecourts, shopping malls (indoors and outdoors), transport hubs, and administration buildings (City Halls, Police etc.). The Company's shares have been listed on the London Stock Exchange since 1962. For further information: www.me-group.com Disclaimer Peel Hunt LLP (" Peel Hunt "), which is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority, is acting solely for the Company in connection with the matters described in this announcement. Peel Hunt will not be responsible to anyone other than the Company for providing the protections afforded to clients of Peel Hunt or for advising any other person in relation to the Proposed Buy-Back Authority and the other arrangements described in this announcement. Peel Hunt has not authorised the contents of, or any part of, this announcement and no liability whatsoever is accepted by Peel Hunt for the accuracy of any information or opinions contained in this announcement or for the omission of any information, which is the sole responsibility of the Company. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Me Group International (MEGP) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 3 hours ago Greggs 3 hours ago Greggs 4 hours ago Fuller Smith & Turner 4 hours ago CLS Holdings 4 hours ago Rolls-Royce Holdings All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and