BETA Close X ME Group International PLC has launched a share buyback programme, authorising the repurchase of ordinary shares up to a maximum aggregate consideration of £18 million. This programme, which commenced today and is expected to conclude by 31 December 2026, will be executed by Peel Hunt LLP acting as a riskless principal. The company has the authority to purchase up to 37,772,333 ordinary shares, with purchases adhering to regulatory guidelines, including potential exceptions to daily trading volume limits. Any shares acquired will be cancelled or held in treasury. Disclaimer* ME Group International PLC 23 March 2026 23 March 2026 ME Group International plc ("ME Group", the "Group" or the "Company") Launch of Share Buyback Programme Further to the Company's announcements on 25 and 26 February 2026 and the publication of the Company's FY25 results earlier today, ME Group today announces that it has now entered into instructions with Peel Hunt LLP (" Peel Hunt ") to enable the Company to buy back ordinary shares of 0.5 pence each in the capital of the Company (" Ordinary Shares ") up to a maximum aggregate consideration (exclusive of any applicable taxes, commission and expenses) of £18 million (the " Share Buyback Programme "). Details of the Share Buyback Programme ME Group has given irrevocable and non-discretionary instruction to Peel Hunt to conduct the Share Buyback Programme on its behalf, which will commence today and is expected to complete by 31 December 2026, or such later date as agreed between Peel Hunt and the Company. Peel Hunt will act as "riskless" or "matched" principal for the purposes of the Share Buyback Programme, within certain parameters, and will make its trading decisions concerning the purchases of Ordinary Shares independently of the Company. Share purchases may therefore continue during any closed period to which the Company is subject during the above-mentioned period. Ordinary Shares purchased under the Share Buyback Programme will take place in open market transactions and in accordance with the general authority to purchase Ordinary Shares granted to the directors of the Company (the " Directors ") by its shareholders at the Company's General Meeting on 26 February 2026 (the " 2026 General Meeting Authority ", or as subsequently granted to the Directors at its AGM in 2027). The maximum number of Ordinary Shares which the Company is authorised to purchase under the 2026 General Meeting Authority is 37,772,333. The Share Buyback Programme will be conducted in accordance with Article 5(1) of Regulation (EU) 596/2014, as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended) (" UK MAR "), the provisions of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1052, as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended), which deal with buyback programmes, and Chapter 9 of the UK Financial Conduct Authority's UK Listing Rules (" UKLR "), except that on any given trading day the number of Ordinary Shares purchased pursuant to the Share Buyback Programme may exceed 25 per cent. but remain below 50 per cent. of the average daily trading volume of the Ordinary Shares. Accordingly, on trading days where the number of Ordinary Shares purchased pursuant to the Programme exceeds 25 per cent. of the average daily trading volume, the Company may not benefit from the exemption contained in Article 5(1) of Regulation (EU) 596/2014, as it forms part of UK MAR. The maximum price (excluding any expenses) which may be paid for each Ordinary Share shall not be more than the higher of (i) an amount equal to 105 per cent. of the average of the middle market quotations for an Ordinary Share, as derived from the London Stock Exchange Daily Official List, for the five business days immediately preceding the day on which the Ordinary Share is contracted to be purchased, and (ii) an amount equal to the higher of the price of the last independent trade of an Ordinary Share and the highest current independent bid for an Ordinary Share as derived from the trading venues on which the purchase is carried out. ME Group will announce any purchase of its Ordinary Shares under the Share Buyback Programme no later than the end of the 7 th daily market session following the calendar day on which the purchase occurred. The Company will cancel any Shares purchased or hold them in treasury to meet obligations arising from share option programmes. The Company will make further regulatory announcements in respect of any repurchases of its Ordinary Shares as required by UK MAR and UKLR. The Company is satisfied that it is not currently in a closed period, nor is it in possession of any inside information which has not previously been disclosed via Regulatory Information Service. ME Group International plc Vladimir Crasneanscki, Deputy CEO Stéphane Gibon, CFO +44 (0) 1372 453 399 ir@me-group.com Hudson Sandler Wendy Baker / Nick Moore +44 (0) 20 7796 4133 me-group@hudsonsandler.com NOTES TO EDITORS ME Group International plc (LSE: MEGP) is an international market leader in automated self-service equipment aimed at the consumer market. The Group operates, sells and services a wide range of instant-service vending equipment across 16 countries in its key regions of Continental Europe, the UK & Republic of Ireland and Asia Pacific. The Group's services include: Core activities: · Photo.ME Photobooths and integrated biometric identification solutions · Wash.ME Unattended laundry services and launderettes Ancillary activities: · Print.ME High-quality digital printing kiosks · Other vending Primarily foodservice vending equipment (Feed.ME), Children's rides (Amuse.ME), Photocopier services (Copy.ME) The Group has a proven track record of innovation and diversification of its products and services enabling it to respond to the evolving needs of its customers and consumers. The Group benefits from well-established partnerships and long-term contracts with major site owners in attractive, high-footfall locations, enabling it to offer multiple products and services onsite. Partners include supermarkets, petrol forecourts, shopping malls (indoors and outdoors), transport hubs, and administration buildings (City Halls, Police etc.). The Company's shares have been listed on the London Stock Exchange since 1962. For further information: www.me-group.com This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Me Group International (MEGP) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 26 minutes ago Fuller Smith & Turner 40 minutes ago CLS Holdings 41 minutes ago Rolls-Royce Holdings 43 minutes ago Barr (A.G.) 50 minutes ago Grainger All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and