BETA Close X ME Group International PLC announced an investor presentation scheduled for Friday, February 27, 2026, at 11:00 AM GMT, to discuss the Group's Annual Results for the financial year ended October 31, 2025. The presentation, delivered via Investor Meet Company by Deputy CEO Vladimir Crasneanscki and CFO Stéphane Gibon, is open to all existing and potential shareholders, with opportunities to submit questions before and during the event. Disclaimer* ME Group International PLC 16 February 2026 16 February 2026 ME Group International plc (the "Company" or the "Group") Notice of Investor Presentation ME Group International PLC (LSE: MEGP), the instant-service vending equipment group, is pleased to announce that Vladimir Crasneanscki, Deputy CEO and Stéphane Gibon, CFO will provide a live presentation relating to the Group's Annual Results for the financial year ended 31 October 2025, via Investor Meet Company, at 11.00am GMT on Friday 27 February 2026. The presentation is open to all existing and potential shareholders. Questions can be submitted pre-event via your Investor Meet Company dashboard up until 9.00am the day before the meeting or at any time during the live presentation. Investors can sign up to Investor Meet Company for free and add to meet ME Group International plc via: https://www.investormeetcompany.com/me-group-international-plc/register-investor Investors who already follow ME Group International plc on the Investor Meet Company platform will automatically be invited. Enquiries: ME Group International plc Vladimir Crasneanscki, Deputy CEO Stéphane Gibon, CFO +44 (0) 1372 453 399 ir@me-group.com Hudson Sandler Wendy Baker / Nick Moore +44 (0) 20 7796 4133 me-group@hudsonsandler.com NOTES TO EDITORS ME Group International plc (LSE: MEGP) is an international market leader in automated self-service equipment aimed at the consumer market. The Group operates, sells and services a wide range of instant-service vending equipment across 18 countries in its key regions of Continental Europe, the UK & Republic of Ireland and Asia Pacific. The Group's services include: Core activities: · Photo.ME Photobooths and integrated biometric identification solutions · Wash.ME Unattended laundry services and launderettes Ancillary activities: · Print.ME High-quality digital printing kiosks · Other vending Primarily foodservice vending equipment (Feed.ME), Children's rides (Amuse.ME), Photocopier services (Copy.ME) The Group has a proven track record of innovation and diversification of its products and services enabling it to respond to the evolving needs of its customers and consumers. The Group benefits from well-established partnerships and long-term contracts with major site owners in attractive, high-footfall locations, enabling it to offer multiple products and services onsite. Partners include supermarkets, petrol forecourts, shopping malls (indoors and outdoors), transport hubs, and administration buildings (City Halls, Police etc.). The Company's shares have been listed on the London Stock Exchange since 1962. For further information: www.me-group.com This information is provided by Reach, the non-regulatory press release distribution service of RNS, part of the London Stock Exchange. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Me Group International (MEGP) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 26 minutes ago Fuller Smith & Turner 40 minutes ago CLS Holdings 41 minutes ago Rolls-Royce Holdings 43 minutes ago Barr (A.G.) 49 minutes ago Grainger All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and