BETA Close X ME Group International PLC has announced a further delay in the publication of its audited financial statements for the year ended 31 October 2025, with the auditor now expecting to conclude procedures by 23 March 2026. The company's shares remain temporarily suspended from trading since 2 March 2026. Despite the extended timeline, the Board has not been informed of any material audit issues affecting the Group's consolidated financial statements. The company also confirmed that year-to-date performance for the year ending 31 October 2026 is in line with expectations. Disclaimer* ME Group International PLC 12 March 2026 12 March 2026 ME Group International PLC ('ME Group', 'the Company' or 'the Group') Update on delay in FY25 Audited Financial Statements On 25 February 2026, the Company announced that publication of its audited financial statements for the year ended 31 October 2025 ("FY25") was delayed as the Company's auditor, Forvis Mazars LLP ('Forvis Mazars'), needed more time to complete its audit procedures for FY25. At that time, Forvis Mazars indicated that they expected the audit to be concluded no later than 13 March 2026. As anticipated, the Company's shares were temporarily suspended from listing and trading from 2 March 2026 until the audit is concluded and the 2025 annual report and accounts are published. The Company has continued to work with its auditor to complete the audit as soon as possible. The Board is therefore disappointed to report that Forvis Mazars has requested additional time to finish its audit procedures for FY25. The Company was informed this morning that its 2025 annual report and accounts will be published by 23 March 2026. As of today, the Company has not been told of any material audit issues affecting the Group's consolidated financial statements. As previously communicated, in respect of t he year ending 31 October 2026 ("FY26"), the Company confirms that the year-to-date performance is in line with expectations. ENQUIRIES: ME Group International plc +44 (0) 1372 453 399 Vlad Crasneanscki, Deputy CEO ir@me-group.com Stéphane Gibon, CFO Hudson Sandler Wendy Baker / Nick Moore +44 (0) 20 7796 4133 me-group@hudsonsandler.com NOTES TO EDITORS ME Group International plc (LSE: MEGP) is an international market leader in automated self-service equipment aimed at the consumer market, with over 48,000 vending units currently in operation. The Group operates, sells and services a wide range of instant-service vending equipment across 16 countries in its key regions of Continental Europe, the UK & Republic of Ireland and Asia Pacific. The Group's services include: Core activities: · Photo.ME Photobooths and integrated biometric identification solutions · Wash.ME Unattended laundry services and launderettes Ancillary activities: · Print.ME High-quality digital printing kiosks · Other vending Primarily Foodservice vending equipment (Feed.ME), Children's rides (Amuse.ME), Photocopier services (Copy.ME) The Group has a proven track record of innovation and diversification of its products and services, enabling it to respond to the evolving needs of its customers and consumers. The Group benefits from well-established partnerships and long-term contracts with major site owners in attractive, high-footfall locations, enabling it to offer multiple products and services onsite. Partners include supermarkets, petrol forecourts, shopping malls (indoors and outdoors), transport hubs, and administration buildings (City Halls, Police etc.). The Company's shares have been listed on the London Stock Exchange since 1962. For further information: www.me-group.com This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Me Group International (MEGP) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 3 hours ago Greggs 3 hours ago Greggs 4 hours ago Fuller Smith & Turner 4 hours ago CLS Holdings 4 hours ago Rolls-Royce Holdings All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and