BETA Close X ME Group International PLC has terminated discussions with potential offerors, as no offer was deemed to be in the best interests of shareholders, and the company is no longer in an offer period. The company expects total revenue for the financial year ended 31 October 2025 to be between £311 million and £318 million, with profit before tax projected between £76 million and £79 million, maintaining a strong cash conversion and balance sheet. ME Group remains committed to its strategy of growing its core laundry and photobooth businesses. Disclaimer* ME Group International PLC 05 December 2025 5 December 2025 This announcement contains inside information for the purposes of article 7 of the Market Abuse Regulation (EU) 596/2014 as amended by regulation 11 of the Market Abuse (Amendment) (EU Exit) Regulations 2019/310. Upon the publication of this announcement, this inside information is now considered to be in the public domain. ME GROUP INTERNATIONAL PLC ("ME Group", the "Company" or the "Group") Termination of Offer Period ME Group provides the following update for shareholders, following the announcement on 18 June 2025, which stated that ME Group was exploring strategic options to enhance shareholder value and that one of those options involved seeking potential offerors for the Company. Following engagement with several interested parties, the Board of Directors confirms that it has not received an offer that it believes would be in the best interests of all the Company's shareholders, and therefore discussions have been terminated. As a result, the Company is no longer in an "offer period" as defined by the Takeover Code, and the disclosure requirements pursuant to Rule 8 of the Takeover Code are no longer applicable. ME Group is committed to delivering value for shareholders, underpinned by its long-term strategy to grow its core laundry and photobooth activities, particularly the expansion of its laundry operations. As announced on 7 November 2025, total revenue for the financial year ended 31 October 2025 is expected to be between £311 million and £318 million 1 . The Group expects to report another year of record profitability with profit before tax of between £76 million and £79 million 1 . The Group's cash conversion and balance sheet remained strong. The Group expects to publish its Annual Results for the financial year ended 31 October 2025 in mid-February 2026. 1 Excluding the impact from foreign exchange rates ("at constant currency") during FY 2025, particularly the Japanese yen which saw a 1.9% decrease in value against pound sterling (average rate of exchange used in FY2025 was Yen/£ 195.35 vs FY 2024: Yen/£ 191.71 ), and a 0.05% decrease in the euro against pound sterling (average rate of exchange used in FY 2025 was €/£ 1.178 vs FY 2024: 1.173). ENQUIRIES: ME Group International plc +44 (0) 1372 453 399 Stéphane Gibon, CFO ir@me-group.com Vlad Crasneanscki, Executive Director & Head of Investor Relations Hudson Sandler Wendy Baker / Nick Moore +44 (0) 20 7796 4133 me-group@hudsonsandler.com NOTES TO EDITORS ME Group International plc (LSE: MEGP) is an international market leader in automated self-service equipment aimed at the consumer market, with over 48,000 vending units currently in operation. The Group operates, sells and services a wide range of instant-service vending equipment across 16 countries in its key regions of Continental Europe, the UK & Republic of Ireland and Asia Pacific. The Group's services include: Core activities: · Photo.ME Photobooths and integrated biometric identification solutions · Wash.ME Unattended laundry services and launderettes Ancillary activities: · Print.ME High-quality digital printing kiosks · Other vending Primarily Foodservice vending equipment (Feed.ME), Children's rides (Amuse.ME), Photocopier services (Copy.ME) The Group has a proven track record of innovation and diversification of its products and services, enabling it to respond to the evolving needs of its customers and consumers. The Group benefits from well-established partnerships and long-term contracts with major site owners in attractive, high-footfall locations, enabling it to offer multiple products and services onsite. Partners include supermarkets, petrol forecourts, shopping malls (indoors and outdoors), transport hubs, and administration buildings (City Halls, Police etc.). The Company's shares have been listed on the London Stock Exchange since 1962. For further information: www.me-group.com This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Me Group International (MEGP) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 26 minutes ago Fuller Smith & Turner 40 minutes ago CLS Holdings 41 minutes ago Rolls-Royce Holdings 42 minutes ago Barr (A.G.) 49 minutes ago Grainger All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and