Across The Markets: ME Group, Trainline, Diageo 2026-02-25 08:51:27 (6 months ago) Related Companies: Diageo (DGE) , Trainline (TRN) , Me Group International (MEGP) Diageo Big losses for the drinks giant this morning as the company published interim results . Citing weakness in the North American market owing to squeezed consumer spending, along with declines in the Chinese market, the brewer and distiller advised shareholders that dividends were being pared back to a more appropriate level. The half year payout was dropping by just a shade over half and the market seemed unwilling to cut any slack in response to improved profit margins or the progress that is being made with cost savings. In early trade the Diageo share price was down 6%. ME Group FTSE-250 listed ME Group updated the market this morning, advising that the publication of full year results would be delayed owing to delays with the audit process. No further detail is given here with management stressing that there are no material issues and the previously stated full year guidance has been reiterated. Record profitability is expected and a £15-£20m share buyback is seen as likely but investors have jumped on today’s news and the ME Group share price was down 18% shortly after the open. Trainline Investors in Europe’s leading rail ticketing platform Trainline have been rattled this morning by news that the CEO is to stand down . That follows a six year tenure at the company and the process is all very orderly, with the incumbent noting that as Trainline embarks on next multi-year phase of growth, now is the right time to alight. The outgoing CEO will remain with the company through the transition period but Trainline shares were off around 6% at 8.45am. Most read news on Investegate this morning Interim Results - - Diageo (DGE) Recommended cash offer for Augmentum Fintech plc - - Augmentum Fintech (AUGM) Molaoi Drilling Update - - Rockfire Resources (ROCK) Disclaimer: This information does not constitute investment advice, nor does it necessarily reflect the views and opinions of Investegate. If in doubt consult a financial professional. Other Across the Markets Posts Across the Markets: Dianomi, Cadence Minerals, Nativo Resources 18-09-2026 (2 days ago) Related Companies: Nativo Resources (NTVO) , Cadence Minerals (KDNC) , Dianomi (DNM) 18th September 2026 Across the Markets: Capricorn Energy, Drax Group, ATOME energy 17-09-2026 (3 days ago) Related Companies: Capricorn Energy (CNE) , Drax Group (DRX) , ATOME Energy (ATOM) 17th September 2026 Across the Markets: Avacta, Harworth Group, Empire Metals 16-09-2026 (4 days ago) Related Companies: Avacta Group (AVCT) , Harworth Group (HWG) , Empire Metals Limited NPV (DI) (EEE) 16th September 2026 Across the Markets: Kistos, Kier Group, hVIVO 15-09-2026 (5 days ago) Related Companies: Kier Group (KIE) , Hvivo (HVO) , Kistos Holdings (KIST) 15th September 2026 Across the Markets: Brave Bison, Arkle Resources, Keras Resources 14-09-2026 (6 days ago) Related Companies: Keras Resources (KRS) , Brave Bison Group (BBSN) , Arkle Resources (CDI) (ARK) 14th September 2026 UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 2 days ago Schroder Real Estate Investment Trust Ltd 2 days ago Barclays 2 days ago Diageo 2 days ago Mortgage Advice Bureau (Holdings) 2 days ago PZ Cussons All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and