BETA Close X ME Group International PLC has announced the admission of 527,098 further ordinary shares of 0.5p each to trading on the London Stock Exchange's Main Market. These shares, issued under the Photo-Me Executive Share Option Scheme 2014 between March and May 2026, are fully fungible with existing shares. Following this admission, the total number of ordinary shares in issue for the Company is now 376,302,590, with a corresponding total of 376,302,590 voting rights. Disclaimer* ME Group International PLC 04 August 2026 4 August 2026 ME GROUP INTERNATIONAL PLC (the 'Company' or the 'Group') Notification of Admission of Further Securities to Trading The Company announces today the following information in accordance with The Public Offers and Admissions to Trading Regulations 2024. (For the avoidance of doubt, as of today the Company's issued share capital consists of 374,642,681 ordinary shares of 0.5p each. Therefore, the total number of voting rights in the Company is 374,642,681.) 1 Details of Issuer a) Name ME GROUP INTERNATIONAL PLC b) LEI 2138006YJ65EKBYYYX41 2 Details of the Transferable Securities Admitted to Trading a) Name, Type and Identification Code Ordinary Shares of 0.5p each in the capital of ME GROUP INTERNATIONAL PLC ISIN GB0008481250 b) Regulated Market London Stock Exchange - Main Market c) Number of Further Securities Issued and Admitted 527,098 d) Total Number of Securities in Issue Following Admission 376, 302,590. e) Fungibility Fully fungible with existing Ordinary Shares 3 Admission Details a) Date of Admission Issued between 26 March to 28 May 2026 (admitted under a block admission dated 20 December 2022). b) Prospectus Information Prospectus: N/A Supplementary: N/A Company's Webpage: https://me-group.com/ c) Coverage of Notification Admission of shares under the Photo-Me Executive Share Option Scheme 2014 from 26 March to 26 May 2026, admitted to trading on the Main Market of the London Stock Exchange under the Company's existing block admission of shares dated 20 December 2022. ENQUIRIES: ME Group International plc +44 (0) 1372 453 399 Del Mansi, Company Secretary Hudson Sandler Wendy Baker / Nick Moore +44 (0) 20 7796 4133 me-group@hudsonsandler.com NOTES TO EDITORS ME Group International plc (LSE: MEGP) is an international market leader in automated self-service equipment aimed at the consumer market, with over 49,000 vending units currently in operation. The Group operates, sells and services a wide range of instant-service vending equipment across 16 countries in its key regions of Continental Europe, the UK & Republic of Ireland and Asia Pacific. The Group's services include: Core activities: · Photo.ME Photobooths and integrated biometric identification solutions · Wash.ME Unattended laundry services and launderettes Ancillary activities: · Print.ME High-quality digital printing kiosks · Other vending Primarily foodservice vending equipment (Feed.ME), Children's rides (Amuse.ME), Photocopier services (Copy.ME) The Group has a proven track record of innovation and diversification of its products and services, enabling it to respond to the evolving needs of its customers and consumers. The Group benefits from well-established partnerships and long-term contracts with major site owners in attractive, high-footfall locations, enabling it to offer multiple products and services onsite. Partners include supermarkets, petrol forecourts, shopping malls (indoors and outdoors), transport hubs, and administration buildings (City Halls, Police etc.). The Company's shares have been listed on the London Stock Exchange since 1962. For further information: www.me-group.com This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Me Group International (MEGP) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 12 minutes ago Foresight Group Holdings Limited NPV 12 minutes ago GSK 27 minutes ago Foresight Group Holdings Limited NPV 27 minutes ago Marshalls 39 minutes ago Glanbia (CDI) All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and