BETA Close X ME Group International PLC has announced a significant new partnership with ASDA to install up to 700 Wash.ME laundry machines across ASDA's various store formats and petrol forecourts in the UK. This agreement represents the largest single client deal for ME Group's laundry division and aligns with their growth strategy to install over 1,300 Wash.ME machines in FY 2026 and a global target of 20,000+ machines. The company currently operates over 7,600 Wash.ME machines globally, with more than 1,500 in the UK and Republic of Ireland, offering convenient, high-capacity, energy-efficient laundry services. Disclaimer* ME Group International PLC 09 April 2026 9 April 2026 ME Group International PLC ('ME Group', 'the Company' or 'the Group') ME Group signs new partnership for a large-scale roll-out with ASDA to install Wash.ME laundry machines ME Group International PLC (LSE: MEGP), the global leader in automated instant-service equipment, is pleased to announce it has entered into a new partnership agreement with ASDA, one of Britain's leading retailers, for Wash.ME laundry machines to be located on ASDA sites. Under this agreement, ME Group will install and operate Wash.ME laundry machines at ASDA's Supercentre, Superstore, supermarket and petrol forecourt sites across the United Kingdom. The overall ambition is to target up to 700 Wash.ME laundry machines across these sites. These sites are attractive, high-footfall locations which can be easily accessed and maintained by the Group's strong network of field engineers. Today, ME Group operates more than 7,600 Wash.ME laundry machines with a presence in 12 countries, with more than 1,500 laundry machines located in the United Kingdom & Republic of Ireland. These machines give consumers access to self-service, large-capacity (9kg and 20kg drums), energy-efficient, high-speed washing and drying laundry services, available 24 hours a day, seven days a week. The new partnership with ASDA supports the Group's growth strategy, with ambitions to install more than 1,300 Wash.ME laundry machines in FY 2026 and a long-term target of installing 20,000+ machines globally. Commenting on the new partnership, Vladimir Crasneanscki, Deputy Chief Executive Officer of ME Group, said: "ASDA is a perfect company to partner with, their retail and petrol stations are excellent locations for our services and their innovative and fast-paced approach will enable us to deploy our units rapidly. We are delighted to announce this partnership; this is the largest single client deal in the history of our laundry division and demonstrates the growing demand for our services. "The rapid expansion of our Wash.ME laundry services is a key strategic priority for the Group, driven by strong consumer demand. In 2025, we announced a record number of Wash.ME machine installations of 1,326 across our geographies, and we have clear ambitions to continue building on this progress. This partnership is indicative of our intention to further cement our UK market-leading position in the unattended laundry segment." Joseph Sutton, Vice President Asda Express, foodservice and fuel, said : "We're always looking for new ways to make life easier for the customers who shop with us, particularly by strengthening the breadth of services that meet their needs under one roof. "This large ‑ scale rollout of Wash.ME units gives customers a quick, convenient and great ‑ value way to tackle their laundry while they shop. We're pleased to be working with ME Group on this significant partnership and look forward to seeing the benefits it brings to customers across the UK." ENQUIRIES: ME Group International plc +44 (0) 1372 453 399 Vladimir Crasneanscki, Deputy CEO ir@me-group.com Stéphane Gibon, CFO Hudson Sandler Wendy Baker / Nick Moore +44 (0) 20 7796 4133 me-group@hudsonsandler.com NOTES TO EDITORS ME Group International plc (LSE: MEGP) is an international market leader in automated self-service equipment aimed at the consumer market, with over 48,000 vending units currently in operation. The Group operates, sells and services a wide range of instant-service vending equipment across 16 countries in its key regions of Continental Europe, the UK & Republic of Ireland and Asia Pacific. The Group's services include: Core activities: · Photo.ME Photobooths and integrated biometric identification solutions · Wash.ME Unattended laundry services and launderettes Ancillary activities: · Print.ME High-quality digital printing kiosks · Other vending Primarily Foodservice vending equipment (Feed.ME), Children's rides (Amuse.ME), Photocopier services (Copy.ME) The Group has a proven track record of innovation and diversification of its products and services, enabling it to respond to the evolving needs of its customers and consumers. The Group benefits from well-established partnerships and long-term contracts with major site owners in attractive, high-footfall locations, enabling it to offer multiple products and services onsite. Partners include supermarkets, petrol forecourts, shopping malls (indoors and outdoors), transport hubs, and administration buildings (City Halls, Police etc.). The Company's shares have been listed on the London Stock Exchange since 1962. For further information: www.me-group.com This information is provided by Reach, the non-regulatory press release distribution service of RNS, part of the London Stock Exchange. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Me Group International (MEGP) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 11 minutes ago Foresight Group Holdings Limited NPV 11 minutes ago GSK 26 minutes ago Foresight Group Holdings Limited NPV 26 minutes ago Marshalls 39 minutes ago Glanbia (CDI) All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and