Across The Markets: ME Group, Applied Nutrition, easyJet 2026-06-01 09:39:48 (2 months ago) Related Companies: easyJet (EZJ) , Me Group International (MEGP) , Applied Nutrition Plc (APN) ME Group The provider of self-serve machinery range for photo booths to laundry machines issued a trading update this morning. Management noted that there had been a softening of market demand in April, with fragile consumer confidence in light of the Middle East conflict being seen as the driver. That’s resulted in a material downgrade in the full year profit outlook, which is now forecast to come in between 69m and £74m against the £78.2m posted for FY25. The ME Group share price was down 25% in early trade. easyJet News broke after the close on Friday night that a Private Equity house was circling the low cost airline easyJet. Airline stocks are depressed right now with the rising cost of fuel and that appears to be a catalyst behind the bid. Management are appealing to investors to do nothing, this is a very early stage move from the suitor Castlelake, and the board reiterated that they believed their plan would deliver in the longer term. Just a spell of turbulence to ride out – the offer window is however now open and the easyJet share price rose 10% shortly after the open. Applied Nutrition FTSE-250 listed sports supplement company Applied Nutrition issued an update to the market this morning upgrading full year revenue expectations, advising of a new acquisition and also a collaboration with Mondelez for the production of co-branded products. Demand across the company’s markets is noted as remaining strong and the Applied Nutrition share price was up as much as 15% at the open before handing back some of that upside. Most read news on Investegate this morning Response to Possible Offer for easyJet - - easyJet (EZJ) (plus two further EZJ notes) Offer for Bluefield Solar Income Fund Limited - - Drax Group (DRX) Appointment of Chief Financial Officer - - Redcentric (RCN) Disclaimer: This information does not constitute investment advice, nor does it necessarily reflect the views and opinions of Investegate. If in doubt consult a financial professional. Other Across the Markets Posts Across The Markets: PPHE, Knights Group, Trellus 21-08-2026 (1 day ago) Related Companies: PPHE Hotel Group Ltd (PPH) , Knights Group Holdings (KGH) , Trellus Health (TRLS) 21st August 2026 Across The Markets 20-08-2026 (2 days ago) Related Companies: Hays (HAS) , Banco Santander S.A. (BNC) , ATOME Energy (ATOM) 20th August 2026 Across The Markets: Ithaca Energy, Trainline, DiscoverIE 19-08-2026 (3 days ago) Related Companies: Discoverie Group (DSCV) , Trainline (TRN) , Ithaca Energy (ITH) 19 August 2026 Across the Markets: AstaZeneca, Vodafone, BAE Systems 18-08-2026 (4 days ago) Related Companies: Vodafone Group (VOD) , AstraZeneca (AZN) , BAE Systems (BA.) 18 July 2026 Across The Markets: BHP, JD Sports Fashion, Oxford Nanopore 17-08-2026 (5 days ago) Related Companies: JD Sports Fashion (JD.) , BHP Group Limited NPV (DI) (BHP) , Oxford Nanopore Technologies (ONT) 17 August 2026 UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 day ago Mitie Group 1 day ago Hunting 1 day ago Secure Trust Bank 1 day ago QinetiQ Group 1 day ago Pennon Group All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and