BETA Close X ME Group International PLC announced the immediate appointment of Vladimir Crasneanscki as Deputy Chief Executive Officer, effective February 2, 2026. Crasneanscki, who joined in April 2022 and has held roles including Managing Director UK and Head of Investor Relations since January 2024, has been instrumental in the successful rollout of laundry services in the UK, securing key partnerships and contributing to the UK becoming the Group's fastest-growing laundry market. The company highlighted his strong leadership skills as invaluable to its long-term growth strategy. Disclaimer* ME Group International PLC 02 February 2026 2 February 2026 ME GROUP INTERNATIONAL PLC ("ME Group", the "Company" or the "Group") Appointment of Deputy Chief Executive Officer ME Group International plc, the instant-service equipment group, is pleased to announce the appointment of Vladimir Crasneanscki as Deputy Chief Executive Officer with immediate effect. Vladimir was appointed to the Board as an Executive Director of the Company in June 2025. More recently, Vladimir held the role of Managing Director UK, and the role of Head of Investor Relations (which he still retains). He was appointed to these positions in January 2024. Vladimir joined the Company in April 2022 as Head of Customer Development before being appointed Head of Commercial Operations and then Managing Director UK. During his tenure, he has been instrumental in the rollout of laundry services in the UK - a key strategic priority for the Group. He has successfully developed strategic partnerships with high-footfall site owners, securing landmark agreements with MFG, Morrisons, and Shell. These initiatives have contributed to the UK becoming the fastest-growing laundry market within the Group. Sir John Lewis OBE, Non-executive Chairman, said: 'I am delighted to announce the appointment of Vladimir as Deputy CEO. Since joining the Company, he has been instrumental in the success of the Group's UK operations as well as the continued progress and development of our core activities, particularly Wash.ME. His strong leadership skills will be invaluable to the Group. 'We have a strong leadership team in place, and we will continue to consider and evolve the composition of the Board as we further build our leading position and progress our long-term growth strategy.' ENQUIRIES: ME Group International plc +44 (0) 1372 453 399 Sir John Lewis OBE, Non-executive Chairman ir@me-group.com Del Mansi, Company Secretary Hudson Sandler Wendy Baker / Nick Moore +44 (0) 20 7796 4133 me-group@hudsonsandler.com NOTES TO EDITORS ME Group International plc (LSE: MEGP) is an international market leader in automated self-service equipment aimed at the consumer market. The Group operates, sells and services a wide range of instant-service vending equipment across 18 countries in its key regions of Continental Europe, the UK & Republic of Ireland and Asia Pacific. The Group's services include: Core activities: · Photo.ME Photobooths and integrated biometric identification solutions · Wash.ME Unattended laundry services and launderettes Ancillary activities: · Print.ME High-quality digital printing kiosks · Other vending Primarily foodservice vending equipment (Feed.ME), Children's rides (Amuse.ME), Photocopier services (Copy.ME) The Group has a proven track record of innovation and diversification of its products and services enabling it to respond to the evolving needs of its customers and consumers. The Group benefits from well-established partnerships and long-term contracts with major site owners in attractive, high-footfall locations, enabling it to offer multiple products and services onsite. Partners include supermarkets, petrol forecourts, shopping malls (indoors and outdoors), transport hubs, and administration buildings (City Halls, Police etc.). The Company's shares have been listed on the London Stock Exchange since 1962. For further information: www.me-group.com This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Me Group International (MEGP) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 3 hours ago Greggs 3 hours ago Greggs 4 hours ago Fuller Smith & Turner 4 hours ago CLS Holdings 4 hours ago Rolls-Royce Holdings All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and