BETA Close X ME Group International plc announced that Stéphane Gibon, the Group Chief Financial Officer, was granted an option for 150,000 ordinary shares at an exercise price of 148.67 pence per share, with vesting contingent on continued employment and 2028 earnings per share performance. This option, granted under the Executive Share Option Scheme (2024), was awarded with no initial consideration and will vest on the third anniversary of the grant date, with the potential to remain exercisable for ten years. Disclaimer* ME Group International PLC 30 April 2026 ME Group International plc 30 April 2026 ME Group International plc (the 'Company' or the 'Group') Notification of Transaction of a Person Discharging Managerial Responsibilities (PDMR) The Company announces that Mr Stéphane Gibon, the Group Chief Financial Officer (non-statutory) and a PDMR, has been granted a share option over a total of 150,000 ordinary shares of 0.5 pence each in the Company ('Ordinary Shares') under the Company's Executive Share Option Scheme (2024) (the 'Scheme'). The option may vest on the third anniversary of its grant subject to Mr Gibon's continued employment at the Company and only to the extent certain performance criteria based on 2028 earnings per share performance are achieved. No consideration was paid for the grant of the option. The number of Ordinary Shares under the Option was calculated by reference to the average middle-market quotation of shares (derived from the London Stock Exchange Daily Official List for the three dealing days immediately before the grant date) of 148.67 pence per Ordinary Share which is also the Option's exercise price per Ordinary Share. The information below is provided in accordance with the requirements of the UK Market Abuse Regulation. Enquiries: ME Group International plc Delmo Mansi, Company Secretary 01372 453399 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / person closely associated a) Name Stéphane Gibon 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/status Chief Financial Officer (non-statutory) b) Initial notification /Amendment Initial 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name ME Group International plc b) LEI 2138006YJ65EKBYYYX41 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Option over Ordinary shares of 0.5p each in the Company Identification code GB0008481250 b) Nature of the transaction Grant of an option to acquire Ordinary Shares in the Company under the Company's Executive Share Option Scheme 2024, conditional on future performance and continued service. The option will vest three years after the date of grant and to the extent it vests may remain exercisable until the tenth anniversary of the date of grant. c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price per share Volume(s) Nil 150,000 d) Aggregated information - Aggregated volume N /A - Single transaction - Price Nil e) Date of the transaction 30 April 2026 f) Place of the transaction Outside a trading venue END This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Me Group International (MEGP) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 2 days ago British American Tobacco 2 days ago Mitie Group 2 days ago Marks & Spencer Group 2 days ago Hammerson 2 days ago Reckitt Benckiser Group All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and