Photo—Me

_ Innovation &
_ diversification

*AA24KZCA*

COMPANIES HOUSE

About Photo-me

WE ARE...

an international market leader

in automated instant-service
equipment, with approximately
44,500 unattended vending units
across 17 countries.

Contents

STRATEGIC REPORT
2020 in Summary
Business aia Glance
Chairman's Stotement
Business Model
Our Business. Identification
Our Business. Laundry
‘Our Business: Kiosks
Innovetion & Diversification
Chief Executive's Report
Business Review
Review of Perlormonce by Geography
Key Performance Indicators
Financial Review
Section 172(1) Statement
Principal Risks
Corporate Responsibility Statement
Viability Sialement

OUR VISION...

isto realise shareholder value as
the go-to provider for multiple
instant-vending services, located
in the most convenient locations,
and to focus on Laundry growth
ond to offer multi-service
vending equipment.

OUR MISSION..

isto extend the suite of services
ovailable through our established
network and relationships through
investment in technological
innovation and the diversification
of our operations in existing and
new geographies.

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
04 Board of Directors and Company Secretary 52
05 Report of Directors 54
06 Corporate Governance 60
10 Stotement of Direclors’ Responsibilities 7
12 Remuneration Report
14 Annual Statement 68
16 Remuneration Policy Report 70
18 Annual Report on Remuneration 75
20
20 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
26 Independent Auditor's Report 86
29 Group Statement of Comprehensive Income 92
30 Statements of Financial Position 93
34 Group Statement of Cash Flows 95
38 Company Statement of Cash Flows 9%
40 Group Statement of Changes in Equity 7
49 Company Stotement of Changes in Equity 98
Notes to the Financial Statements 99
Five-Year Summary 158
Company Information and Advisers 160
Shareholder Information 16)

ANNUAL REPORT 2020

Strategic

report

PHOTO-ME INTERNATIONAL PLC

04

2020 IN SUMMARY

10

BUSINESS MODEL

20

CHIEF EXECUTIVE'S
REPORT

38

PRINCIPAL RISKS.

05

BUSINESS AT
AGLANCE

12

OUR BUSINESS

30

FINANCIAL
REVIEW

40

CORPORATE
RESPONSIBILITY
STATEMENT

06

CHAIRMAN’S
STATEMENT

18

INNOVATION &
DIVERSIFICATION

34

SECTION 17211)
STATEMENT

49

VIABILITY
STATEMENT

ANNUAL REPORT 2020

2020 in summary

The 2020 financial year end was extended from 30 April 2020
to 31 October 2020 due to challenges related to the COVID-19

pandemic. Going forward, all subsidiary companies in the

Group will align their accounting reference dates (or equivalent)

to 31 October.

REPORTED REVENUE
£1 86. 3m* 6
endec

Bln

REPORTED EBITDA?

£41. 4m"

REPORTED PROFIT

ADJUSTED PROFIT
BEFORE TAX

£(26. O}m'*

CASH GENERATED
FROM OPERATIONS

£51.8m"”

ended 31 ©
ssonded 31 Ocsaber 20,
ended 30 Axl 2019

£68 9m
292.8m 18
£649m 12 men!

EARNINGS PER SHARE
(DILUTED)

n/a’

vooaie, -
Bop

TOTAL ORDINARY
DIVIDEND PER SHARE

n/a”

1Zments ended 31 October 2019°
T Octaber 2020
O.Aoal 2019

18 nanlnsended

T2monthsen

2monteserded 3! Ocrove: 2020

BEFORE TAX NET CASH® EBITDA: Reortes ero" Ibetore tor total oeprec ahem ans
1,3,6 1,6 sand ooy semesseagdseciyand
£(27. 8)m' 1.9m" So enieetece es
+ Klunedrurlicbretorlortie sonote3 lsber
an 12montsones) 2020 spo belte oraeniedioeecsvethelan ore
Sohn |? monmmented Gresotinerenodng a¥or5 guiGo.oHo duel aed
£153m TP moninsended + Felwtocole1Otorhe eco% lore! tNerCosrioCase
sended3l Octove: 2920 and 12 no-ins ended
31 Qetocer 20190 soud led
OPERATIONAL SUMMARY
_ - a
(=Ts==) |
Oo
8 ©)
CovID-19 Laundry expansion Continued diversification

Each orea of the business wos
severely impact by the pandemic,
particularly Identification and
children’s rides, due to significantly
lower consumer demand for the
Group's services.

Continued expansion of Loundry
operationsin he 12 months ended
31 October 2020, with 14.8% more
Revolution units in operation, and
Revolution revenue up 13.8%

New professional apple and
pineapple juice machines for

commercial use in restaurants,

ond hotels developed by R&D
leam in france

PHOTO-ME INTERNATIONAL PLC

STRATEGIC REPORT

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE FIN

Business at a Glance

OUR PURPOSE

ANCIAL STATEMENTS.

To be the go-to provider of high-quality and innovative instant service
equipment, offering easy to use and value for money solutions for customers
and consumers, with a focus on long-term shareholder value.

{
i
t

CONTINENTAL EUROPE

VENDING UNITS,

44,500

Ioent fication. Loungsy Kioses, KIS Food,

Other ve

UK & REPUBLIC OF IRELAND

lL.

CORE GEOGRAPHIES

3

Renublic of reond Ave

THREE PRINCIPAL BUSINESS AREAS:

Cont aanta:t nope, Ub Aine

OPERATIONS IN

17 countries

Aysir 9, 2egim, China, Francs

INNOVATION

Od

|
Identification
Anesiablished,
international network
of photobeoths across
17 countries and

the Group's largest
|

(e)

Loundry
Expansion of Revolution
laundry operations
remoins the primary
key gowth driver for

tre Group

Kiosks ! Innovation at the
| leading digital Three dedicated R&D

printing ecuipmertin centres, supported by

six countries. ‘ateam of more thon

|
|
L

J High-qualiy, market: | | cere ourbusiness

| OOengineersinFronce
(pimarly facility), Vietnam,
| Jopan

ANNUAL REPORT 2020

Despite the health crisis that has
affected all the countries in which we
are established, particularly in the
UK, our company has taken effective
measures and accelerated its
transformation and the rebalancing
of its portfolio of activities.

SIR JOHN LEWIS
Non-executive Chairman

Chairman’s
Statement

REPORTED REVENUE

£186.3m

2 aveiths eed 11 Qetoder 2620

NET CASH POSITION

£21.9m

PHOTO-ME INTERNATIONAL PLC

The Group is pleased to report its financial results forthe
18 months ended 31 October 2020 (18-month period) and
the 12 months ended 31 October 2020 (12-month period).

As previously announced, the Group's financial year-end was
extended from 30 April 202010 31 Oclober 2020 due to
challenges related fo the pandemic. Going forward, fo the extent
they have not already dene 50, all subsidiary companiesin the
Group will clign their accounting reference dates for equivalent!)

to 31 October

Revenue for the 18-month period was £310.2 million. Overall, the
2020 firancial performance was significantly hindered by the
onset of the COVID-19 pandemic and its unprecedented impact on
consumer activity across the globe. Ir the 12-monih period revenue
declined by 19 7% and EBITDA fell by 45.9% yeor-on-year

This pe-formonce reflected the suaden fall in Group operoiing
revenue {excluding B2B and sales) of -30% between February
andJuly 2020 compared with the same period in 2019, as

the pandemic impacted all counties of operation. In Augus! 10
October 2020, 08 lockdown restrictions were eased and octivily
levels increased slighlly, operating revenue wos-14 8% on
average. Identification and children’s rides were the most severely
impacted services.

Despite this, the Group continued to make strategic progress

ond further expanded laundry operolions in key targe! markels in
Europe. Revolution unitsin operation grew to 3,437 at 31 October
2020, anincrease of 14.8% compared with 31 October 2019.
‘Our Revolution operations were more resilient than other paris of the
business, with operating revenue up 13.8% in the 12-month period

OUR RESPONSETO COVID-19

Asthe scale of the oulbreak became opparent and markets ocross
the globe went into lockdown, we took all appropriate measures to
protect the health and safely of employees and other stakeholders,
‘ond to lessen the impact of the pandemic on our operations. We
followed (and continue to follow] the guidance of governments, the
World Health Organization, and other relevant authorities across
our regions of operation

Decisive action was token to preserve the Group's cash posilion
including reducing capital and other expenditure where leasible,
using government job retention schemes available to the Group to

STRATEGIC REPORT

support payroll cos!s {amounting to £2 3 million], and cancellation
of he interim dividend payment due on 11 May 2020 (£14 million
retained within the business). The Group also secured €30 milion
cf additional deb! unding and, with the ogreement ofllenders,
\idelerted loon repayments, This loans backed by he French
Government with 0% interest charged until and remain available
uniilJune 2021 and more if needed.

In addition, the Board initiated restructuring programmes in the UK,
China, South Korea, and Continental Europe to realign the Group's
operations to the changed market conditions and lower consumer
demand owing to the pandemic. An update on our restructuring is
set out in the Chief Executive's Report.

OUR BUSINESS STRATEGY

The Group operates, sells and services a wide range of instont-
service equipment, primarily aimed at the end consumer, We
operate across 17 countries and are focused on three principal
business areas’ Identification, Laundry, and digital Kiosks.

Belore the outsel of COVID-19, the Board saw growth
opportunities across all three principal business areas, with a focus
onthe expansion of our Laundry operations However, in light

ol the pandemic, and the dramatic impac! that it has had on the
growth divers for our Identification anc Kiosks business areas, the
Board has refined its strategy to al'gn ts ambtions to the current
and expected morke! dynamics in the shor! to medium term.

Going forward, he Group's key invesiment priorities will be
Laundry expansion and the growth of KiS Food. The Board
expects tho! hese two business areas will contribute an increasing
proportion of otal Group revenue and profil which, over time, will
progressively compensate for lower Identification revenue.

Continued investmentin Laundry expansion

The expansion of our Laundry operations will continue to be driven
by ihe installation of Revolution machines in large! countries across
the UK & Republic of Ireland and Continental Europe.

The resilience of our Revolution operations during the pandemic
gives ne Board confidence that over the next years our investments
will see Loundry everue ond profit increasingly compensate for
any decrease in our photobooths and children’s ride operations,
albeit it will take time and depend on the pace of Revolution
instoilations. The Group aims to install an average of 70 Revolution

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS.

units per month, subject to the easing of pandemic restrictions.
Capex in 2021 is expected to be £45 million as well and with a
focus on Revolutions.

KIS Food

The Group entered the self-service fresh {ruit juice and equipment
market in April 2019, further diversifying our operations Our R&D
team have since developed new professional juice machines
which further extend our product offering,

The Board maintains o focus on this area, with plans to
commercialise ils new juice machine, when COVID-19 restrictions
allow, and believes this will become o key business area alongside
Identification, Loundry, and Kiosks, and become a significant part
of the Group's future growth strategy.

Identification

The Board continues lo see longer term opportunities in the
Identification market outside Europe {in countries where selt-taken
ID photos ore not permitted], particularly for the deployment ofits
Idenificahon security technology. Nonetheless, the market growth
drivers across all our countries of operation have been adversely
impacted by the pandemic. This includes ongoing Iravel restrictions
which impoct consumer demand for our photobooths.

Aso reseh, the Board does not currently anticipate that
Identification activity will return ‘0 pre-COVID-i9 levels in the near
term and consequently machine capex in the foreseeable future
willbe significontly reduced

Kiosks
Digital kiosks are positioned in high footfall locations ond therelore
demand has been hindered by lockdowns and similar restrictions.

The Group will continue lo consider opportunities to extend the
services it offers through its machines network, as well as product
portnership within its existing territories. Nevertheless, invesiment
will remain low in the shor! to medium term.

FOCUS ON INNOVATION

New product innovation is at the core of Photo-Me. Our growth
sirategy hos been focused on diversifying our operations and
responding to consumer needs,

ANNUAL REPORT 2020

CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT CONTINUED

a

Chairman’s Statement continued

This strategy 1s supported by in-house R&D capabilities and a

team of more than 60 dedicated engineers. Our R&D centres

are in France (primary facility}, Vielnam and Japan. tn recent

years, our aciivities have been focused on the expansion of

our Laundry operations in Continental Europe, the UK, and the
Republic of Ireland, ond deployment of our secure upload Photo ID
technology in out Identification business

OUR CORPORATE RESPONSIBILITY

The Board recognises the Group's responsibilities to the community
‘ond the environment and believes that health, safety and
environmental issues are integral and important components of
bes! practice in business management This is an area of increased
focus for all stakeholders. The Board is accountable for the Group's
epproach to corporate responsibly, led by Serge Crasnianski,
ond believes that effective management of these areas can reduce
risks ang helo us identify business opportunities

We are an inlernational business and ar equal opportunities
employei, committed to promoting diversily and encouraging
employee engagement acioss oll our countries of operation The
health and safety of our employees, customers and sle owners is
ofthe ulmost importance to us. To that end, we have a network of
dedicated engineers servicing our products and the Company is
an accredited contractor.

We are actively working to reduce our impact on the environment
os 0 business. We use highly concentrated washing liquid, free

cof phosphates, colouring agents and preservatives, we monitor
water and power consumption of our equipment, and have
implemented initiatives to reduce our energy use and demand for
natural resources, such as photovoltaic installations on our Laundry
machines. Where possible we refurbish and re-sell our equipment

PHOTO-ME INTERNATIONAL PLC.

Going forward, the Group’s
key investment priorities will
be Laundry expansion and
the growth of KIS Food.

SIR JOHN LEWIS
Non-executive Chairman

UPDATE ON GOVERNANCE AND BOARD CHANGES
The composition of the Board changed during the period. Mr
Jean-Marc Janailhac joined the Group and the Board as 6 Non
executive Director nJuly 2019 In July 2020, he was appointed an
Executive Director and Chair of the Strategic Commitiee, whose
membersinclude the top five managers of the Group and the CEO.
This committee is responsible for reviewing and implementing
operational decisions across the Group Mr.Janailhac isa
seasoned entrepreneur with o wealth of experience, including
being o senior adviser of Macquarie Copital (Europe) limited and
@ Non-executive Director of Atheno Investments A/S

Eric Mergui stepped down from his role os Executive Director and
Chiet Operating Officerin July 2020.

The Board has been working for some time to refresh ils
membership. Whils this hos been inlerrupted by the pandemic, the
Board expects to nolify shareholders ofits proposals in the neor
future

Photo-Me has an entrepreneurial and creative hertage which s
aligned to our business strotegy. We are committed to nurturing
‘and growing talent within our teams

OUR PEOPLE

The human cost of the pandemic has been extensive and has
touched many people around the world, This has been on
extremely challenging period for all ou: teams and on behalf
of the Board td like lo thank them for heir continued hard work
ond commitment

STRATEGIC REPORT

DIVIDEND
In March 2020, he Board felt oppropriate to cancel he
interim dividend due to be paid on 1] May 2020 in view of the
impact of the pandemic, hereby retaining £14 million of cash
within the business

Given the current COVID-19 pendemic situation, he Board feels t
remains the right decision nol fo recommend any other dividend in
respect ofthe 18- month period

In addition, the terms of the French Government-backed PGE
scheme, under which Photo-Me has a €30 million credit facilly,
require any loans under the scheme fo be repaid before any
distributions are made to shareholders We expect io benef I from
the PGE scheme fora period of two years more or convert the
French *PGE" to a traditional loan inJune if we ore proposed o
more interesting rate than the PGE loan

Beyond this, he Board will continue to review the dividend policy
and align any fulure dividend payments to performance of the
business and its investment strategy, however no dividend will be
tecommended unillot least the PGE lacilty has been repaid

LOOKING AHEAD

The Board has acted, and continyes to acl, fo mitigate the
impact of the curert trading environment on the business and to
preserve casn

Aswe hove entered ine 2021 financial year, we see ongoing ond
ever-changing government lockdown measures in place across
Europe to combat vius infection rates.

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Our muli-country restructuring plans to improve profitability are
progressing as expected and the start of vaccination programmes
provides some encouragement. Nevertheless, lhe Boord will
continue to clasely review the make-up of the Group's estate and
will actas requiced to best position the Group going forward.

The visibility on the market qutlook for 2021 «emains extremely
limited. Nevertheless, subject o the factors above, the Board looks
forward to achieving revenue of £175 million in FY21 (12 months to
31 October 2071), end profit before tox will be £90 million before
‘any exceptional items, and also expects that he Group will be
cash flow positive

Having reviewed various scenarios, the Board believes that the
Group's existing financial resources will be sufficient for the Group
to withstand the uncertain economic conditions which ore currently
expected in 2021 and beyond.

In the near future, the Board's strategy is to focus investment on the
expansion of the Group's more resilient Laundry operations and its,

plans to grow ils KIS Food business will over time compensate for
lower demand for Identification and other vending equipment.

SIR JOHN LEWIS
Non-executive Chairman

7 APRIL 2021

ANNUAL REPORT 2020

Business model
& strategy

10

INPUTS

TECHNOLOGY
AND INNOVATION

Develogment of proprietary solutions ond continuous
focuson product diversification

LONG-TERM PARTNERSHIPS WITH
HIGH-FOOTFALL SITE OWNERS

Supeimarkels, shopping malls, public ronsport
and public administration buildings

BRANOS
RECOGNITION

Leading brands ord household nemes.n key terrtonies

NETWORK OF SKILLED
FIELD ENGINEERS

Supporting growth across business areas at
limited cost

TELEMETRY
SYSTEM

Sophisticated and iailored to Photo-Me's
propriets

ytechnology

INDUSTRY
EXPERTISE

Over 5 years working with reguletery bodies

PHOTO-ME INTERNATIONAL PLC

- ACTIVITIES = —~
Tm~)
Yd

IDENTIFICATION

LAUNDRY

STRATEGIC REPORT

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Our business model supports
our growth strategy

GROWTH STRATEGY =—-————>

—-— > OUTPUTS

©

COMPETITIVELY PRICED, HIGH-QUALITY
SERVICES FOR CONSUMERS

Meeling increasing demand for instant services on-the-go.

tt
w

ADDITIONAL SERVICES FOR SITE OWNERS

Supporting customer needs and footfall

SECURE SOLUTIONS FOR GOVERNMENTS.

Enctypted photo upload technology rolled out with
1 official identification documents

&

STABLE CASH FLOWS

Generated from existing network utlised to lund RAD
and support growth siraiegy

on

SHAREHOLDER VALUE

Delivered through growth and dividends

CONTINUED ROLLOUT OF
LAUNDRY SERVICES AND
EXPANSION OF KIS FOODS

to conhiibule
evenue ond profi

These two business areas a’
an increasing orsportion of total

id] Sd

— LL

Laundry expansion driven by
the installation of Revolution
machines across the UK
& Republic of Ireland and
Continental Europe

Expansion of KIS Food
through innovation and
sation ofnew

fruitjvice machines across

commer.

target markets

PRODUCT INNOVATION
AND DIVERSIFICATION

To extend service offering through
existing networks

ANNUAL REPORT 2020 "