BETA Close X ME Group International PLC has appointed Christophe Dantcikian as Chief Operating Officer, effective immediately. Dantcikian brings over 20 years of global experience in retail, convenience, and vending businesses, having held senior positions at ExxonMobil and Puma Energy, and previously served as General Manager of ME Group's largest subsidiary, Photomaton. His expertise in strategic leadership, business development, and capital management is expected to support the Group's growth strategy, particularly in expanding its core laundry and photobooth activities. Disclaimer* ME Group International PLC 02 March 2026 2 March 2026 ME Group International plc ("ME Group", the "Group" or the "Company") Appointment of Chief Operating Officer ME Group International PLC (LSE: MEGP), the instant-service vending equipment group, is pleased to announce the appointment of Christophe Dantcikian as Chief Operating Officer with immediate effect. Christophe is a member of the Executive Team, working closely with the Board of Directors. Christophe is an international executive with more than 20 years' global experience in retail, convenience and vending businesses. He has held senior general management and director-level positions across multiple subsidiaries and multi-country platforms within ExxonMobil and Puma Energy, a part of Trafigura Group. Between 2017 and 2018, he served as General Manager of Photomaton, ME Group's largest subsidiary, with responsibility for operations, commercial performance and strategic development. Throughout his career, Christophe has led organic-growth initiatives and acquisitions, expanding retail partnerships and businesses internationally. His experience spans mature and emerging markets, including Europe, Africa, Latin America and Australia. He brings extensive experience in strategic leadership, business development, disciplined capital management and value creation, underpinned by a strong focus on customer experience. Vlad Crasneanscki, Deputy CEO, commented: "I am delighted to welcome Christophe to the Company in the role of Chief Operating Officer. He brings with him extensive experience of working with global companies and a deep understanding of our business, which will be instrumental in supporting the Group as we continue to deliver against our long-term growth strategy, primarily focused on the expansion of our core activities of laundry and photobooths. Christophe's appointment further strengthens the Group's management team as we look to capitalise on the exciting growth opportunities ahead." ​ ME Group International plc Vladimir Crasneanscki, Deputy CEO Stéphane Gibon, CFO +44 (0) 1372 453 399 ir@me-group.com Hudson Sandler Wendy Baker / Nick Moore +44 (0) 20 7796 4133 me-group@hudsonsandler.com NOTES TO EDITORS ME Group International plc (LSE: MEGP) is an international market leader in automated self-service equipment aimed at the consumer market. The Group operates, sells and services a wide range of instant-service vending equipment across 16 countries in its key regions of Continental Europe, the UK & Republic of Ireland and Asia Pacific. The Group's services include: Core activities: · Photo.ME Photobooths and integrated biometric identification solutions · Wash.ME Unattended laundry services and launderettes Ancillary activities: · Print.ME High-quality digital printing kiosks · Other vending Primarily foodservice vending equipment (Feed.ME), Children's rides (Amuse.ME), Photocopier services (Copy.ME) The Group has a proven track record of innovation and diversification of its products and services enabling it to respond to the evolving needs of its customers and consumers. The Group benefits from well-established partnerships and long-term contracts with major site owners in attractive, high-footfall locations, enabling it to offer multiple products and services onsite. Partners include supermarkets, petrol forecourts, shopping malls (indoors and outdoors), transport hubs, and administration buildings (City Halls, Police etc.). The Company's shares have been listed on the London Stock Exchange since 1962. For further information: www.me-group.com This information is provided by Reach, the non-regulatory press release distribution service of RNS, part of the London Stock Exchange. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Me Group International (MEGP) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 3 hours ago Greggs 3 hours ago Greggs 4 hours ago Fuller Smith & Turner 4 hours ago CLS Holdings 4 hours ago Rolls-Royce Holdings All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and