BETA Close X ME Group International plc has issued a trading update for the six months ended 30 April 2026, reporting a 2% increase in group revenue, though April saw a softening due to reduced consumer confidence linked to Middle East conflict. The photobooth business, Photo.ME, experienced a 17% revenue decline in April, while the higher-margin Wash.ME laundry business saw only a 3% increase in April compared to a 17% rise in the first half. Equipment sales were down 14% in the period. Consequently, the company now forecasts full-year 2026 profit before tax to be between £69 million and £74 million, but remains confident in its long-term growth and laundry expansion plans. Disclaimer* ME Group International PLC 01 June 2026 This announcement contains inside information for the purposes of article 7 of the Market Abuse Regulation (EU) 596/2014 as amended by regulation 11 of the Market Abuse (Amendment) (EU Exit) Regulations 2019/310.Upon the publication of this announcement, this inside information is now considered to be in the public domain. 1 June 2026 ME Group International plc ('ME Group', the 'Group' or the 'Company') Trading Update ME Group, the instant-service equipment group, announces a trading update for the six months ended 30 April 2026 ('H1 2026') and the outlook for 2026 financial year ('FY 2026'). As noted in the 2025 Annual Results published on 23 March 2026, the Group started FY 2026 in line with expectations, and the operational business continued on this trajectory through the majority of H1 2026. However, during April, the Group experienced a softening in revenue, particularly in the French photobooth and laundry businesses. The Board believes this is largely attributable to a shift in consumer spending patterns driven by lower consumer confidence due to the ongoing conflict in the Middle East. Group revenue in H1 2026 grew by 2%. The photobooth business was impacted by reduced demand for official photo ID amid ongoing travel uncertainty, with Photo.ME revenue down 17% in April compared with a decline of 6% in H1 2026. Wash.ME, the Group's higher-margin business, was also impacted in April by a decline in consumer spending, with revenue in April up only 3% compared with an increase of 17% in H1 2026 overall. Revenue from the sale of equipment in H1 2026 was down 14% compared with the same period last year, reflecting the Company's focus on operating instant-service equipment. While there has been an improvement in trading through May, the Board does not expect trading patterns to normalise while conflict in the Middle East and the subsequent uncertainty in the macroeconomic landscape continue. Consequently, the Board is taking a more cautious view to the full-year outlook, and it now expects FY 2026 profit before tax to be in the range of £69 million to £74 million. The Group has a strong balance sheet, and the Board remains confident in its long-term growth plans. The laundry expansion programme to install more than 1,300 Wash.ME laundry machines in FY 2026 remains on track. The Group will publish its interim results for the six months ended 30 April 2026 in the latter half of July 2026. ENQUIRIES: ME Group International plc +44 (0) 1372 453 399 Vlad Crasneanscki, Deputy CEO ir@me-group.com Stéphane Gibon, CFO Hudson Sandler Wendy Baker / Nick Moore +44 (0) 20 7796 4133 me-group@hudsonsandler.com NOTES TO EDITORS ME Group International plc (LSE: MEGP) is an international market leader in automated self-service equipment aimed at the consumer market, with over 48,000 vending units currently in operation. The Group operates, sells and services a wide range of instant-service vending equipment across 16 countries in its key regions of Continental Europe, the UK & Republic of Ireland and Asia Pacific. The Group's services include: Core activities: · Photo.ME Photobooths and integrated biometric identification solutions · Wash.ME Unattended laundry services and launderettes Ancillary activities: · Print.ME High-quality digital printing kiosks · Other vending Primarily Foodservice vending equipment (Feed.ME), Children's rides (Amuse.ME), Photocopier services (Copy.ME) The Group has a proven track record of innovation and diversification of its products and services, enabling it to respond to the evolving needs of its customers and consumers. The Group benefits from well-established partnerships and long-term contracts with major site owners in attractive, high-footfall locations, enabling it to offer multiple products and services onsite. Partners include supermarkets, petrol forecourts, shopping malls (indoors and outdoors), transport hubs, and administration buildings (City Halls, Police etc.). The Company's shares have been listed on the London Stock Exchange since 1962. For further information: www.me-group.com This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Me Group International (MEGP) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 3 hours ago Greggs 3 hours ago Greggs 4 hours ago Fuller Smith & Turner 4 hours ago CLS Holdings 4 hours ago Rolls-Royce Holdings All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and