BETA Close X Hollywood Bowl Group plc has announced that Asheeka Hyde, a Non-Executive Director, purchased 1,000 ordinary shares at £2.5975 per share on 13 February 2026, increasing her total holding to 2,000 shares, which represents 0.001% of the issued share capital. This transaction, executed on the London Stock Exchange, is a notification of a transaction by a person discharging managerial responsibilities. Disclaimer* Hollywood Bowl Group plc 16 February 2026 16 February 2026 Hollywood Bowl Group plc Notification of Transactions by Persons Discharging Managerial Responsibility ("PMDRs") and their Closely Associated Persons ("PCA") The Company has been notified that on 13 February 2026, Asheeka Hyde (Non-Executive Director) purchased 1,000 ordinary shares of £0.01 each in the Company at a price of £2.5975 per share. Following this purchase, Asheeka Hyde's total interest in shares in the Company is 2,000 shares (0.001% of issued share capital). The notification below, made in accordance with Article 19 of the UK Market Abuse Regulation, provides further detail. Enquiries: Hollywood Bowl Group plc - Via Headland Stephen Burns, Chief Executive Officer Mat Hart, Business Development Director Headland Rosh Field / Antonia Pollock hollywoodbowl@headlandconsultancy.com +44 (0)20 3805 4822 1. Details of PDMR / person closely associated with them ( ' PCA ' ) a) Name Asheeka Hyde 2. Details of PDMR / person closely associated with them ( ' PCA ' ) a) Position / status Non-Executive Director b) Initial notification / amendment Initial notification 3. Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name Hollywood Bowl Group plc b) LEI 213800XB8YZNGJYDEZ97 4. Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument Ordinary shares of £0.01 each ISIN: GB00BD0NVK62 b) Nature of the transaction Purchase of Shares c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) £2.5975 1,000 d) Aggregated information Aggregated volume Price N/A - Single transaction e) Date of the transaction 13 February 2026 f) Place of the transaction London Stock Exchange XLON This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Hollywood Bowl Group (BOWL) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 4 minutes ago Tharisa (DI) 1 hour ago PayPoint 1 hour ago Tritax Big Box Reit 1 hour ago Rockfire Resources 1 hour ago Sirius Real Estate Ltd. All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and