BETA Close X Hollywood Bowl Group plc has appointed Ernst & Young LLP as its new auditor for the financial year ending 30 September 2026, following a formal tender process. The previous auditor, KPMG LLP, has resigned, confirming that there are no circumstances connected to its resignation that need to be brought to the attention of the company's members or creditors. The appointment of EY for the subsequent financial year will be subject to shareholder approval at the 2027 Annual General Meeting. Disclaimer* Hollywood Bowl Group plc 16 March 2026 16 March 2026 Hollywood Bowl Group plc (the "Company") Change of Auditor Hollywood Bowl, the UK and Canada's largest ten-pin bowling operator, announces that, following a formal tender process, it has appointed Ernst & Young LLP ("EY") as its auditor for the financial year ending 30 September 2026. The appointment of EY for the following financial year will be subject to approval by shareholders at the 2027 Annual General Meeting of the Company. At the Board's request, the Company's previous auditor, KPMG LLP ("KPMG"), has resigned. In accordance with section 519 of the Companies Act 2006, KPMG has deposited a statement with the Company confirming that there are no circumstances in connection with its resignation that should be brought to the attention of the members or creditors of the Company. A copy of KPMG's resignation letter and section 519 statement will be sent to shareholders for information only in accordance with statutory timescales, and will shortly be available for inspection at the National Storage Mechanism https://data.fca.org.uk/#/nsm/nationalstoragemechanism Enquiries: Hollywood Bowl Group plc - Via Headland Stephen Burns, Chief Executive Officer Antony Smith, Chief Financial Officer Mat Hart, Group Business Development Director Headland Rosh Field / Antonia Pollock hollywoodbowl@headlandconsultancy.com +44 (0)20 3805 4822 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Hollywood Bowl Group (BOWL) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 3 minutes ago Tharisa (DI) 1 hour ago PayPoint 1 hour ago Tritax Big Box Reit 1 hour ago Rockfire Resources 1 hour ago Sirius Real Estate Ltd. All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and