BETA Close X Hollywood Bowl Group reported record revenues of £250.8m for the year ended September 30, 2025, an 8.9% increase compared to the previous year. UK revenue rose by 6.4% to £212.4m, while Canadian revenue increased by 32.8% on a constant currency basis to CAD 70.0m (£38.4m). Total Group like-for-like revenue grew by 0.6%, or 1.3% on a constant currency basis. The Group expects to report EBITDA in line with market expectations and invested £37m in estate expansion and centre enhancements, completing a £15m share buyback. The company's net cash position was £15.2m, supported by an undrawn £25m revolving credit facility. Five new UK and two new Canadian centres were opened, with five and seven refurbishments completed respectively. Disclaimer* Hollywood Bowl Group plc 14 October 2025 Hollywood Bowl Group plc ("Hollywood Bowl" or the "Group") Trading update for the year ended 30 September 2025 and Notice of Results RECORD REVENUES AND EBITDA WITH CONTINUED EXPANSION IN UK AND CANADA Hollywood Bowl, the UK and Canada's largest ten-pin bowling operator, announces a trading update for the financial year ended 30 September 2025 (FY2025). Highlights Financial · Record revenues of £250.8m, up 8.9% compared to FY2024 o UK total revenue up 6.4% on FY2024, to £212.4m o Canada revenue up 32.8% on a constant currency basis 1 , to CAD 70.0m (£38.4m) · Total Group like-for-like (LFL) 2 revenue growth of +0.6%, +1.3% on a constant currency basis o UK total LFL: +1.1%, with UK bowling centres LFL of +1.3% o Canada total LFL: +3.2%, with Canada bowling centres LFL of +0.8%, on a constant currency basis ​ · The Group expects to report EBITDA in line with market expectations 3 · Robust balance sheet continues to offer significant capital flexibility o £37m capex invested in estate expansion and centre enhancements o Successful completion of £15m share buyback in the year o Net cash position on 30 September 2025 of £15.2m o Undrawn £25m revolving credit facility Strategic Progress · New prime location centres opened: 5 UK and 2 Canada · Refurbishments completed: 5 UK and 7 Canada · Group centre portfolio: 77 UK (FY2024: 72) and 15 Canada (FY2024: 13) · Strong new centre pipeline for FY2026 and beyond: on track to achieve 130 centres by 2035 · The Group remains confident in the outlook for the Group in FY2026 and beyond Stephen Burns, Chief Executive Officer, said: "We are very pleased with our full-year performance, both financially and operationally. We have again demonstrated the success of our proven, customer-led strategy and differentiated business model by delivering record revenues and further profitable growth. Our motivated and engaged teams consistently delivered high quality customer experiences which resulted in increased dwell time and record levels of positive customer feedback. We have continued to drive strong returns through ongoing investment in our centres and the expansion of our estate in prime locations in the UK and Canada and we have an exciting pipeline of new centres that continues to grow. The strong cash generative nature of our business means we are well-placed to continue investing in the size and quality of our estate and to continue to enhance the customer experience through our service standards and the use of digital technology to drive returns. We remain confident in the long-term growth opportunities in the UK and Canada." Notice of Results The Group expects to publish its final results for FY2025 on 16 December 2025. Note: 1. When reviewing in Canadian Dollars (CAD) to allow for the disaggregation of foreign currency effect. Canada revenue includes Striker Bowling Solutions and Striker Installations (bowling equipment supply, installation and maintenance) and bowling centres. ​ 2. Like-for-like (LFL) revenue growth is total revenue excluding any new centres and closed centres. New centres are included in the LFL revenue after they complete the calendar anniversary of their opening date. Closed centres are excluded for the full financial year in which they were closed. 3. Based on company compiled consensus average of analysts' expectations for FY2025 where revenue is £248.0m (range £246.0m - £250.6m) and adjusted EBITDA pre IFRS 16 is £68.0m (range £66.9m - £70.8m). This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Hollywood Bowl Group (BOWL) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 3 minutes ago Tharisa (DI) 1 hour ago PayPoint 1 hour ago Tritax Big Box Reit 1 hour ago Rockfire Resources 1 hour ago Sirius Real Estate Ltd. All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and