BETA Close X Hollywood Bowl Group plc has provided a six-month return for its Long Term Incentive Plan and Save As You Earn Scheme, covering the period from July 14, 2025, to January 13, 2026. During this period, no new securities were added to the schemes, and no securities were issued or allotted. Consequently, the balance of unallotted securities remains unchanged, with 99,944 under the Long Term Incentive Plan and 99,082 under the Save As You Earn Scheme at the end of the reporting period. Disclaimer* Hollywood Bowl Group plc 14 January 2026 BLOCK LISTING SIX MONTHLY RETURN (Note: Italicised terms have the same meaning as given in the UK Listing Rules.) Date: 14 January 2026 Name of applicant : Hollywood Bowl Group plc Name of scheme: 1. Hollywood Bowl Group plc Long Term Incentive Plan 2. Hollywood Bowl Group plc Save As You Earn (SAYE) Scheme Period of return: From: 14 July 2025 To: 13 January 2026 Balance of unallotted securities under scheme(s) from previous return: 1. 99,944 2. 99,082 Plus: The amount by which the block scheme(s) has been increased since the date of the last return (if any increase has been applied for): 1. 0 2. 0 Less: Number of securities issued/allotted under scheme(s) during period (see UKLR 20.6.7G): 1. 0 2. 0 Equals: Balance under scheme(s) not yet issued/allotted at end of period: 1. 99,944 2. 99,082 Name of contact: Laurence Keen Telephone number of contact: 07776 857986 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Hollywood Bowl Group (BOWL) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 3 minutes ago Tharisa (DI) 1 hour ago PayPoint 1 hour ago Tritax Big Box Reit 1 hour ago Rockfire Resources 1 hour ago Sirius Real Estate Ltd. All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and