BETA Close X Hollywood Bowl Group plc will host an in-person event for investors and analysts today at its new Reading centre, focusing on its Canadian business and growth opportunities. The presentation from the event will be available on the investor relations section of Hollywood Bowl's website. The Group anticipates publishing its final results for FY25 on December 16, 2025. No new material non-public information will be disclosed at the event. Disclaimer* Hollywood Bowl Group plc 03 November 2025 Hollywood Bowl Group plc 3 November 2025 Hollywood Bowl Group plc ("Hollywood Bowl", or the "Group") "The Canadian Opportunity" Investor & Analyst Event Hollywood Bowl, the UK and Canada's largest ten-pin bowling operator, will today host an in-person event for investors and analysts at its new Reading centre. The event will provide a deep dive into the Group's Canadian business, the market and the growth opportunity. No new material non-public information will be disclosed and the presentation will be made available subsequently on the investor relations section of Hollywood Bowl's website. The Group expects to publish its final results for FY25 on 16 December 2025. Enquiries: Via Teneo Hollywood Bowl Group PLC Stephen Burns, Chief Executive Officer Laurence Keen, Chief Financial Officer Mat Hart, Chief Sustainability and Communications Officer Teneo Elizabeth Snow hollywoodbowl@teneo.com Laura Marshall +44 (0)20 7353 4200 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Hollywood Bowl Group (BOWL) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 4 minutes ago Roadside Real Estate 1 hour ago Taseko Mines Limited NPV (DI) 1 hour ago Taseko Mines Limited NPV (DI) 1 hour ago Xeros Technology Group 1 hour ago Plus500 Ltd (DI) All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and