Across The Markets: Hollywood Bowl, BT Group, Castings 2025-02-18 08:46:16 (1 year ago) Related Companies: BT Group (BT.A) , Castings (CGS) , Hollywood Bowl Group (BOWL) Hollywood Bowl Group The operator of ten pin bowling alleys, Hollywood Bowl, has this morning announced news of a share buy back. Whilst the numbers involved are modest against what we’ve seen from some larger cap stocks, investors were clearly quick to cheer the news. The company will buy back up to £10m worth of stock over the next year. The Hollywood Bowl share price was up as much as 5% shortly after the open although has started giving back some of those gains at the time of writing. The company has a market cap of around £500m. BT Group The telecoms giant saw its valuation tumble on Tuesday morning after Morgan Stanley cut its stake in the business. A TR-1 filing published on Monday evening showed the US bank’s 5% holding had been reduced to zero, news that clearly rang out a note of disquiet amongst investors. The BT share price was down by more than 5% in early trade. Castings The iron casting and machining group, Castings, published a trading statement this morning. Their main market is supplying metal for heavy trucks manufactured in Europe and the company had previously noted weakness in underlying demand here, a trend that continued to deteriorate in the third quarter. Whilst early indications are that the situation will improve heading into the year end, reduced production has triggered a number of financial penalties. As a result, it is the board's expectation that the company's result will be substantially below market expectations in the current year. Castings share price fell by as much as 20% at the open, although the longer term outlook does seem to be lending support. Most read news on Investegate this morning Statement re Possible Offer from KKR - - Assura (AGR) Update on Triton FPSO - - Serica Energy (SQZ) Anglo American agrees sale of nickel business - - Anglo American (AAL) Disclaimer: This information does not constitute investment advice, nor does it necessarily reflect the views and opinions of Investegate. If in doubt consult a financial professional. Other Across the Markets Posts Across The Markets: ASOS, CMC Markets, Associated British Foods 01-07-2026 (1 month ago) Related Companies: ASOS (ASC) , Associated British Foods (ABF) , CMC Markets (CMCX) CMC Markets surges as trading update bolsters institutional outlook and ASOS finds investor support from asset disposal in the US but Associated British Foods slumps as ingredients division shows weakness. Across The Markets: Celsius Resources, Barratt Redrow, IWG 30-06-2026 (1 month ago) Related Companies: Barratt Redrow (BTRW) , Celsius Resources Limited (DI) (CLA) , IWG (IWG) Housebuilders turn lower as class action law suit over price fixing emerges, but IWG jumps on extended share buyback news and small cap Celsius Resources advances on asset disposal plans. Across The Markets: Eco Atlantic, Bridgepoint, BT Group 29-06-2026 (1 month ago) Related Companies: BT Group (BT.A) , Eco (Atlantic) Oil & Gas NPV (DI) (ECO) , Bridgepoint Group (Reg S) (BPT) BT Group sees modest gains off JV announcement with Verizon, Bridgepoint adds after acquisition news is well received and Eco Atlantic also finds cheer as farm out agreement gets government approvals. Across The Markets: Wise, Guardian Metals, Barratt Redrow 26-06-2026 (1 month ago) Related Companies: Barratt Redrow (BTRW) , Wise Class A (WISE) , Guardian Metal Resources plc (GMET) Barratt Redrow tops off week of gains with new CEO arrival date confirmed, Wise sees FY numbers at top end of estimates and Guardian Metals finds support ahead of next week’s feasibility study release. Across The market: 3i Group, Moonpig, easyJet 25-06-2026 (1 month ago) Related Companies: easyJet (EZJ) , 3i Group (III) , Moonpig Group (MOON) easyJet makes further gains as management offer an olive branch to suitor Castlelake, Moonpig surges on outperformance and buyback news, whilst 3i also reacts well to pre-AGM portfolio update. UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 4 minutes ago Roadside Real Estate 1 hour ago Taseko Mines Limited NPV (DI) 1 hour ago Taseko Mines Limited NPV (DI) 1 hour ago Xeros Technology Group 1 hour ago Plus500 Ltd (DI) All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and