BETA Close X Hollywood Bowl Group plc has published its Annual Report for the year ended 30 September 2025 and the Notice of its 2026 Annual General Meeting. These documents, which include the company's audited results previously announced on 16 December 2025, are available on the company's website and will be submitted to the National Storage Mechanism. The AGM will take place on 29 January 2026. Disclaimer* Hollywood Bowl Group plc 05 January 2026 5 January 2026 Hollywood Bowl Group plc Annual Financial Report and Notice of AGM Hollywood Bowl Group plc (the "Company") announced its audited results for the year ended 30 September 2025 on 16 December 2025. Further to that announcement, the Company confirms that the following documents have been published today: · Annual Report for the year ended 30 September 2025 ("2025 Annual Report") · Notice of 2026 Annual General Meeting ("AGM Notice)") These documents are available on the Company's website at www.hollywoodbowlgroup.com , and printed copies will be posted to those shareholders who have elected to receive documents in hard copy today. The AGM will be held at 9.30 am on Thursday 29 January 2026 at Berenberg Bank, 60 Threadneedle Street, London EC2R 8HP. Copies of the above documents, and the amended rules of the Company's Long-Term Incentive Plan and Save As You Earn Plan (referenced in the AGM Notice), will be submitted to the National Storage Mechanism for submission to the Financial Conduct Authority ("FCA") and will shortly be available for inspection at: https://data.fca.org.uk/#/nsm/nationalstoragemechanism . In accordance with the FCA's Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rule ("DTR") 6.3.5(1A) the regulated information required under DTR6.3.5 is available in unedited full text within the 2025 Annual Report as uploaded and available on the National Storage Mechanism and on the Company's website as noted above. Enquiries: Hollywood Bowl Group plc - Via Headland Stephen Burns, Chief Executive Officer Laurence Keen, Chief Financial Officer Mat Hart, Chief Sustainability and Communications Officer Headland Rosh Field / Antonia Pollock hollywoodbowl@headlandconsultancy.com +44 (0)20 3805 4822 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Hollywood Bowl Group (BOWL) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 3 minutes ago Tharisa (DI) 1 hour ago PayPoint 1 hour ago Tritax Big Box Reit 1 hour ago Rockfire Resources 1 hour ago Sirius Real Estate Ltd. All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and