BETA Close X Hollywood Bowl Group plc announced a directorate change, with Chief Financial Officer Laurence Keen stepping down from the Board after 12 years to take on a newly created role as Chief Executive Officer of Canada, effective from early 2026, to accelerate growth in that market. Antony Smith will join the Group as the new Chief Financial Officer on February 2, 2026, bringing extensive experience from multi-site and consumer businesses, including his recent role as CFO of River Island. Keen will not stand for re-election to the Board at the January 2026 Annual General Meeting. Disclaimer* Hollywood Bowl Group plc 20 November 2025 20 November 2025 Hollywood Bowl Group plc ("Hollywood Bowl", or the "Group") Directorate Change Hollywood Bowl is pleased to announce an update regarding its senior leadership team. Having been the Group's Chief Financial Officer for 12 years, as well as supporting the delivery of the Group's strategic progress, Laurence Keen has informed the Board that he would like to explore the opportunity for a more operational role and step down from the Board. Accordingly, Laurence will be appointed Chief Executive Officer ("CEO") of Canada. Alongside this we are pleased to announce that Antony Smith will join the Board and leadership team as Group Chief Financial Officer ("CFO") on 2 February 2026. The appointment of Antony brings significant expertise to the Group with his extensive experience in multi-site and consumer businesses. He recently spent five years as Chief Financial Officer of Ten Entertainment Group PLC, the UK's second largest ten pin bowling operator. Prior to that, Antony spent five years as Divisional Finance Director of Wickes, under the ownership of Travis Perkins PLC and in his earlier career he held senior finance positions with Premier Foods PLC, RHM PLC and RAC PLC. Most recently Antony has been CFO of River Island, the multi-channel fashion brand and retailer, overseeing a strategic review*. Laurence will take on the newly created role of 'Chief Executive Officer - Canada', to help accelerate the Group's growth strategy and support the development of the existing management team in Canada. The role will be for an initial fixed term to the end of October 2026 and will report into the Group CEO. As recently outlined to investors and analysts at the "Canadian Opportunity" event on 3 November 2025, the Group continues to drive strong returns through ongoing investment in its centres and the expansion of its estate in prime locations in Canada and has an exciting pipeline of new centres. Laurence will move to his new role based in Canada, following the effective transition of his responsibilities to Antony and accordingly will not stand for the re-election to the Board at the Annual General Meeting in January 2026. Stephen Burns, Chief Executive Officer of Hollywood Bowl Group, said: "I'd like to thank Laurence for the immense contribution he has made during his 12-year tenure as CFO. He has played a major role in shaping Hollywood Bowl's strategy and the 70 per cent growth of the Group estate since our IPO in 2016. I am looking forward to continuing to work closely with him on the Group's growth strategy in our Canadian business. Following a thorough selection process, I am delighted to welcome Antony to Hollywood Bowl Group. He will complement our strong leadership team, and I look forward to him joining the Board in February 2026. He brings a wealth of highly relevant sector and market experience and a proven track record in leading finance teams and managing capital programmes, which will support the delivery of our growth strategy." *On 8 August 2025 the High Court of England and Wales sanctioned a restructuring plan (the "Plan") for River Island Holdings Ltd (the "Plan company") of which Antony Smith was CFO. The Plan company is the sole shareholder of River Island Fashion Ltd and River Island (Ireland) Ltd, of which Antony Smith is a director, and pursuant to the Plan, certain arrangements with certain of its creditors were agreed. There is no further information required to be disclosed in accordance with UK Listing Rule 6.4.8(R). Enquiries: Hollywood Bowl Group PLC - via Headland Stephen Burns, Chief Executive Officer Laurence Keen, Chief Financial Officer Mat Hart, Chief Sustainability and Communications Officer Headland Rosh Field / Antonia Pollock hollywoodbowl@headlandconsultancy.com +44 (0)20 3805 4822 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Hollywood Bowl Group (BOWL) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 4 minutes ago Roadside Real Estate 1 hour ago Taseko Mines Limited NPV (DI) 1 hour ago Taseko Mines Limited NPV (DI) 1 hour ago Xeros Technology Group 1 hour ago Plus500 Ltd (DI) All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and