BETA Close X Hollywood Bowl Group plc announced that on February 6, 2026, Persons Discharging Managerial Responsibility (PMDRs) and their closely associated persons sold a total of 303,326 ordinary shares at £2.5936 per share. These sales were to cover tax and national insurance liabilities arising from the exercise of nil-cost options granted under the Company's Long-Term Incentive Plan on January 31, 2023. Following these transactions, the Chief Executive Officer, Stephen Burns, retains 3,230,526 shares, Chief People Officer Melanie Dickinson holds 328,760 shares, and CEO, Canada Laurence Keen holds 1,387,724 shares. Disclaimer* Hollywood Bowl Group plc 09 February 2026 9 February 2026 Hollywood Bowl Group plc Notification of Transactions by Persons Discharging Managerial Responsibility ("PMDRs") and their Closely Associated Persons ("PCAs") The Company provides notification of the following transactions, effected on 6 February 2026, relating to the Directors and PDMRs (or their PCAs) below and in respect of ordinary shares of 1 pence each in the capital of the Company. The shares sold by each Director/PDMR/PCA below is equal to the number of shares retained by the Director/PDMR following the exercise of nil-cost options (and associated sale of shares to cover the tax and national insurance liability arising) granted to them under the Company's Long-Term Incentive Plan ("LTIP") on 31 January 2023, such LTIP awards having been exercised on 5 February 2026. Director/PDMR (or PCA) Position Number of shares sold Abigail Ashby-Burns PCA of Stephen Burns, Chief Executive Officer 158,472 Melanie Dickinson Chief People Officer 40,994 Pippa Keen PCA of Laurence Keen, CEO, Canada 103,860 Following the share sales, the PDMRs hold the following shares (including shares held by their PCAs): Director/PDMR Position Number of shares held Stephen Burns Chief Executive Officer 3,230,526 Melanie Dickinson Chief People Officer 328,760 Laurence Keen CEO, Canada 1,387,724 The notifications below, made in accordance with Article 19 of the UK Market Abuse Regulation, provide further detail. Enquiries: Hollywood Bowl Group plc - Via Headland Stephen Burns, Chief Executive Officer Mat Hart, Business Development Director Headland Rosh Field / Antonia Pollock hollywoodbowl@headlandconsultancy.com +44 (0)20 3805 4822 1. Details of PDMR / person closely associated with them ( ' PCA ' ) a) Name Abigail Ashby-Burns 2. Details of PDMR / person closely associated with them ( ' PCA ' ) a) Position / status PCA of Stephen Burns, Chief Executive Officer b) Initial notification / amendment Initial notification 3. Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name Hollywood Bowl Group plc b) LEI 213800XB8YZNGJYDEZ97 4. Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument Ordinary shares of £0.01 each ISIN: GB00BD0NVK62 b) Nature of the transaction Sale of Shares c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) £2.5936 158,472 d) Aggregated information Aggregated volume Price N/A - Single transaction e) Date of the transaction 6 February 2026 f) Place of the transaction London Stock Exchange XLON 1. Details of PDMR / person closely associated with them ( ' PCA ' ) a) Name Melanie Dickinson 2. Details of PDMR / person closely associated with them ( ' PCA ' ) a) Position / status Chief People Officer b) Initial notification / amendment Initial notification 3. Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name Hollywood Bowl Group plc b) LEI 213800XB8YZNGJYDEZ97 4. Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument Ordinary shares of £0.01 each ISIN: GB00BD0NVK62 b) Nature of the transaction Sale of Shares c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) £2.5936 40,994 d) Aggregated information Aggregated volume Price N/A - Single transaction e) Date of the transaction 6 February 2026 f) Place of the transaction London Stock Exchange XLON 1. Details of PDMR / person closely associated with them ( ' PCA ' ) a) Name Pippa Keen 2. Details of PDMR / person closely associated with them ( ' PCA ' ) a) Position / status PCA of Laurence Keen, CEO, Canada b) Initial notification / amendment Initial notification 3. Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name Hollywood Bowl Group plc b) LEI 213800XB8YZNGJYDEZ97 4. Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument Ordinary shares of £0.01 each ISIN: GB00BD0NVK62 b) Nature of the transaction Sale of Shares c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) £2.5936 103,860 d) Aggregated information Aggregated volume Price N/A - Single transaction e) Date of the transaction 6 February 2026 f) Place of the transaction London Stock Exchange XLON This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Hollywood Bowl Group (BOWL) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 4 minutes ago Tharisa (DI) 1 hour ago PayPoint 1 hour ago Tritax Big Box Reit 1 hour ago Rockfire Resources 1 hour ago Sirius Real Estate Ltd. All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and