BETA Close X Hollywood Bowl Group plc announced that Rachel Addison, Senior Independent Director, has been appointed as a Non-Executive Director and Chair of the Audit Committee of AIM quoted Tapir Holdings Limited, effective immediately. This appointment is a notification under UKLR 6.4.9(2) and does not involve any financial figures from Hollywood Bowl Group plc itself. Disclaimer* Hollywood Bowl Group plc 11 March 2026 11 March 2026 Hollywood Bowl Group plc (the "Company") Notification under UKLR 6.4.9(2) Hollywood Bowl, the UK and Canada's largest ten-pin bowling operator, announces, pursuant to UK Listing Rule 6.4.9 R (2), that Rachel Addison, Senior Independent Director of the Company, has been appointed as a Non-Executive Director and Chair of the Audit Committee of AIM quoted Tapir Holdings Limited with effect from today. Enquiries: Hollywood Bowl Group plc - Via Headland Stephen Burns, Chief Executive Officer Antony Smith, Chief Financial Officer Mat Hart, Group Business Development Director Headland Rosh Field / Antonia Pollock hollywoodbowl@headlandconsultancy.com +44 (0)20 3805 4822 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Hollywood Bowl Group (BOWL) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 3 minutes ago Tharisa (DI) 1 hour ago PayPoint 1 hour ago Tritax Big Box Reit 1 hour ago Rockfire Resources 1 hour ago Sirius Real Estate Ltd. All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and