BETA Close X Hollywood Bowl Group plc announced that several Directors and Persons Discharging Managerial Responsibility (PDMRs) acquired ordinary shares on March 6, 2026, following the exercise of options granted under the company's Save As You Earn (SAYE) scheme in 2023. The exercise price for these options was £2.43 per share. Specifically, Stephen Burns acquired 1,481 shares, Melanie Dickinson acquired 2,222 shares, Laurence Keen acquired 1,777 shares, Darryl Lewis acquired 3,703 shares, and Mat Hart acquired 7,407 shares, with their respective shareholdings increasing accordingly. These transactions took place on the London Stock Exchange. Disclaimer* Hollywood Bowl Group plc 09 March 2026 9 March 2026 Hollywood Bowl Group plc Notification of Transactions by Persons Discharging Managerial Responsibility ("PMDRs") and their Closely Associated Persons ("PCAs") The Company announces the acquisition of ordinary shares of 1 pence each in the Company by the Directors/PDMRS, as set out in the table below, following the exercise of options received in 2023 pursuant to the Company's save as you earn scheme (SAYE). The SAYE is an all-employee scheme approved by HM Revenue and Customs. The SAYE exercise price for the options granted in 2023 was £2.43 per share, and the options became exercisable at the end of the three-year saving plan, on 1 February 2026. Director/PDMR Position Number of shares acquired Shareholding following acquisition Stephen Burns Chief Executive Officer 1,481 3,232,007 Melanie Dickinson Chief People Officer 2,222 330,982 Laurence Keen CEO, Canada 1,777 1,389,501 Darryl Lewis UK Managing Director 3,703 334,380 Mat Hart Business Development Director 7,407 146,799 The notifications below, made in accordance with Article 19 of the UK Market Abuse Regulation, provide further detail. Enquiries: Hollywood Bowl Group plc - Via Headland Stephen Burns, Chief Executive Officer Mat Hart, Business Development Director Headland Rosh Field / Antonia Pollock hollywoodbowl@headlandconsultancy.com +44 (0)20 3805 4822 1. Details of PDMR / person closely associated with them ( ' PCA ' ) a) Name Stephen Burns 2. Details of PDMR / person closely associated with them ( ' PCA ' ) a) Position / status Chief Executive Officer b) Initial notification / amendment Initial notification 3. Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name Hollywood Bowl Group plc b) LEI 213800XB8YZNGJYDEZ97 4. Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument Ordinary shares of £0.01 each ISIN: GB00BD0NVK62 b) Nature of the transaction Acquisition of ordinary shares on exercise of SAYE options c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) £2.43 1,481 d) Aggregated information Aggregated volume Price N/A - Single transaction e) Date of the transaction 6 March 2026 f) Place of the transaction London Stock Exchange XLON 1. Details of PDMR / person closely associated with them ( ' PCA ' ) a) Name Melanie Dickinson 2. Details of PDMR / person closely associated with them ( ' PCA ' ) a) Position / status Chief People Officer b) Initial notification / amendment Initial notification 3. Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name Hollywood Bowl Group plc b) LEI 213800XB8YZNGJYDEZ97 4. Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument Ordinary shares of £0.01 each ISIN: GB00BD0NVK62 b) Nature of the transaction Acquisition of ordinary shares on exercise of SAYE options c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) £2.43 2,222 d) Aggregated information Aggregated volume Price N/A - Single transaction e) Date of the transaction 6 March 2026 f) Place of the transaction London Stock Exchange XLON 1. Details of PDMR / person closely associated with them ( ' PCA ' ) a) Name Laurence Keen 2. Details of PDMR / person closely associated with them ( ' PCA ' ) a) Position / status CEO, Canada b) Initial notification / amendment Initial notification 3. Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name Hollywood Bowl Group plc b) LEI 213800XB8YZNGJYDEZ97 4. Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument Ordinary shares of £0.01 each ISIN: GB00BD0NVK62 b) Nature of the transaction Acquisition of ordinary shares on exercise of SAYE options c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) £2.43 1,777 d) Aggregated information Aggregated volume Price N/A - Single transaction e) Date of the transaction 6 March 2026 f) Place of the transaction London Stock Exchange XLON 1. Details of PDMR / person closely associated with them ( ' PCA ' ) a) Name Darryl Lewis 2. Details of PDMR / person closely associated with them ( ' PCA ' ) a) Position / status UK Managing Director b) Initial notification / amendment Initial notification 3. Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name Hollywood Bowl Group plc b) LEI 213800XB8YZNGJYDEZ97 4. Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument Ordinary shares of £0.01 each ISIN: GB00BD0NVK62 b) Nature of the transaction Acquisition of ordinary shares on exercise of SAYE options c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) £2.43 3,703 d) Aggregated information Aggregated volume Price N/A - Single transaction e) Date of the transaction 6 March 2026 f) Place of the transaction London Stock Exchange XLON 1. Details of PDMR / person closely associated with them ( ' PCA ' ) a) Name Mat Hart 2. Details of PDMR / person closely associated with them ( ' PCA ' ) a) Position / status Business Development Director b) Initial notification / amendment Initial notification 3. Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name Hollywood Bowl Group plc b) LEI 213800XB8YZNGJYDEZ97 4. Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument Ordinary shares of £0.01 each ISIN: GB00BD0NVK62 b) Nature of the transaction Acquisition of ordinary shares on exercise of SAYE options c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) £2.43 7,407 d) Aggregated information Aggregated volume Price N/A - Single transaction e) Date of the transaction 6 March 2026 f) Place of the transaction London Stock Exchange XLON This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Hollywood Bowl Group (BOWL) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 4 minutes ago Tharisa (DI) 1 hour ago PayPoint 1 hour ago Tritax Big Box Reit 1 hour ago Rockfire Resources 1 hour ago Sirius Real Estate Ltd. All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and