BETA Close X Hollywood Bowl Group plc announced that Laurence Keen, CEO Canada and a Person Discharging Managerial Responsibility, transferred 120,000 ordinary shares to his spouse for nil consideration on June 8, 2026. This transaction results in no net change to Mr. Keen's beneficial interest, which remains at 1,389,501 shares, representing 0.83% of the issued share capital. The transfer occurred outside of a trading venue. Disclaimer* Hollywood Bowl Group plc 08 June 2026 8 June 2026 Hollywood Bowl Group plc Notification of Transactions by Persons Discharging Managerial Responsibility ("PMDRs") and their Closely Associated Persons ("PCA") The Company announces that Laurence Keen (CEO, Canada and a PDMR) has transferred 120,000 Ordinary Shares of £0.01 each to his spouse (Pippa Keen) for nil consideration. There is no net change in Laurence Keen's beneficial interest in shares in the Company (including shares held by his wife) which remains at 1,389,501 shares (0.83% of issued share capital): The notification below, made in accordance with Article 19 of the UK Market Abuse Regulation, provides further detail. Enquiries: Hollywood Bowl Group plc - Via Headland Stephen Burns, Chief Executive Officer Antony Smith, Chief Financial Officer Mat Hart, Business Development Director Headland Rosh Field / Antonia Pollock hollywoodbowl@headlandconsultancy.com +44 (0)20 3805 4822 1. Details of PDMR / person closely associated with them ( ' PCA ' ) a) Name Laurence Keen 2. Details of PDMR / person closely associated with them ( ' PCA ' ) a) Position / status CEO, Canada b) Initial notification / amendment Initial notification 3. Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name Hollywood Bowl Group plc b) LEI 213800XB8YZNGJYDEZ97 4. Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument Ordinary shares of £0.01 each ISIN: GB00BD0NVK62 b) Nature of the transaction Share transfer to spouse for nil consideration c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) Nil 120,000 d) Aggregated information Aggregated volume Price N/A - Single transaction e) Date of the transaction 8 June 2026 f) Place of the transaction Outside a trading venue 1. Details of PDMR / person closely associated with them ( ' PCA ' ) a) Name Pippa Keen 2. Details of PDMR / person closely associated with them ( ' PCA ' ) a) Position / status PCA of Laurence Keen (CEO, Canada) b) Initial notification / amendment Initial notification 3. Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name Hollywood Bowl Group plc b) LEI 213800XB8YZNGJYDEZ97 4. Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument Ordinary shares of £0.01 each ISIN: GB00BD0NVK62 b) Nature of the transaction Share transfer from spouse for nil consideration c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) Nil 120,000 d) Aggregated information Aggregated volume Price N/A - Single transaction e) Date of the transaction 8 June 2026 f) Place of the transaction Outside a trading venue This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Hollywood Bowl Group (BOWL) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 4 minutes ago Tharisa (DI) 1 hour ago PayPoint 1 hour ago Tritax Big Box Reit 1 hour ago Rockfire Resources 1 hour ago Sirius Real Estate Ltd. All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and