BETA Close X Hollywood Bowl Group plc announced that on February 6, 2026, options were granted to 82 employees under its Save As You Earn Scheme, totaling 127,416 ordinary shares, representing 0.10% of the issued share capital. These options, exercisable between February 2029 and July 2029, have an exercise price of £2.76 per share. Notably, executive directors and persons discharging managerial responsibilities, including Stephen Burns, Mat Hart, Darryl Lewis, and Rob Demirtges, participated in this grant, receiving 1,318, 6,594, 3,297, and 1,978 options respectively. Disclaimer* Hollywood Bowl Group plc 09 February 2026 9 February 2026 Hollywood Bowl Group plc (the "Company") Grant of Options under the Hollywood Bowl Group plc Save As You Earn Scheme ("SAYE Scheme") Notification of transactions by directors/persons discharging managerial responsibilities Hollywood Bowl Group plc (LSE: BOWL the "Company") announces that on 6 February 2026 options were granted to employees of the Company pursuant to the SAYE Scheme. Participation in the SAYE Scheme has been made available to all employees of the Company who satisfy certain eligibility criteria, giving them the opportunity to participate in the future growth of the Company via options granted under the SAYE Scheme. A total of 82 employees have elected to participate in the SAYE Scheme and, pursuant to their elections, options over a total of 127,416 Ordinary Shares ("Options"), equating to 0.10 per cent. of the current issued share capital of the Company, were granted on 6 February 2026. The Options are normally exercisable between 1 February 2029 and 31 July 2029 and have an exercise price, calculated in accordance with the rules of the SAYE Scheme, of £2.76 per Ordinary Share. The exercise of Options is not dependent upon the satisfaction of performance criteria. The following Executive Directors and persons discharging managerial responsibility ("PDMRs") of the Company, have elected to participate in the SAYE scheme and their Options are included in the total figures above. Director/PDMR No. of Options Stephen Burns 1,318 Mat Hart 6,594 Darryl Lewis 3,297 Rob Demirtges 1,978 The notifications below, made in accordance with Article 19 of the UK Market Abuse Regulation, provide further detail. Enquiries: Hollywood Bowl Group plc - Via Headland Stephen Burns, Chief Executive Officer Mat Hart, Business Development Director Headland Rosh Field / Antonia Pollock hollywoodbowl@headlandconsultancy.com +44 (0)20 3805 4822 1. Details of PDMR / person closely associated with them ('CAP') a) Name Stephen Burns 2. Reason for the notification a) Position / status Chief Executive Officer b) Initial notification / amendment Initial notification 3. Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name Hollywood Bowl Group plc b) LEI 213800XB8YZNGJYDEZ97 4. Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument and identification code Ordinary shares of £0.01 each ISIN: GB00BD0NVK62 b) Nature of the transaction Grant of options to acquire Ordinary shares under the Company's Save as You Earn scheme c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) £2.76 1,318 d) Aggregated information Aggregated volume Price N/A - Single transaction e) Date of the transaction 6 February 2026 f) Place of the transaction Outside a trading venue 1. Details of PDMR / person closely associated with them ('CAP') a) Name Mat Hart 2. Reason for the notification a) Position / status Business Development Director b) Initial notification / amendment Initial notification 3. Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name Hollywood Bowl Group plc b) LEI 213800XB8YZNGJYDEZ97 4. Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument and identification code Ordinary shares of £0.01 each ISIN: GB00BD0NVK62 b) Nature of the transaction Grant of options to acquire Ordinary shares under the Company's Save as You Earn scheme c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) £2.76 6,594 d) Aggregated information Aggregated volume Price N/A - Single transaction e) Date of the transaction 6 February 2026 f) Place of the transaction Outside a trading venue 1. Details of PDMR / person closely associated with them ('CAP') a) Name Darryl Lewis 2. Reason for the notification a) Position / status UK Managing Director b) Initial notification / amendment Initial notification 3. Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name Hollywood Bowl Group plc b) LEI 213800XB8YZNGJYDEZ97 4. Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument and identification code Ordinary shares of £0.01 each ISIN: GB00BD0NVK62 b) Nature of the transaction Grant of options to acquire Ordinary shares under the Company's Save as You Earn scheme c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) £2.76 3,297 d) Aggregated information Aggregated volume Price N/A - Single transaction e) Date of the transaction 6 February 2026 f) Place of the transaction Outside a trading venue 1. Details of PDMR / person closely associated with them ('CAP') a) Name Rob Demirtges 2. Reason for the notification a) Position / status Chief Marketing Officer b) Initial notification / amendment Initial notification 3. Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name Hollywood Bowl Group plc b) LEI 213800XB8YZNGJYDEZ97 4. Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument and identification code Ordinary shares of £0.01 each ISIN: GB00BD0NVK62 b) Nature of the transaction Grant of options to acquire Ordinary shares under the Company's Save as You Earn scheme c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) £2.76 1,978 d) Aggregated information Aggregated volume Price N/A - Single transaction e) Date of the transaction 6 February 2026 f) Place of the transaction Outside a trading venue This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Hollywood Bowl Group (BOWL) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 13 minutes ago Albion Enterprise VCT 51 minutes ago Watkin Jones 1 hour ago Maven Income & Growth 4 VCT 1 hour ago South32 Limited (DI) 1 hour ago South32 Limited (DI) All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and