Across The Markets: Hollywood Bowl, Melrose, Cohort 2026-05-27 08:48:54 (2 months ago) Related Companies: Melrose Industries (MRO) , Cohort (CHRT) , Hollywood Bowl Group (BOWL) Hollywood Bowl The operator of leisure facilities and bowling alleys in both the UK and Canada published results for the first half this morning, which showed yet again that the company continues to plot a course for growth despite the perennial story of consumer spending being squeezed. Opening new sites was a significant driver for growth with revenues up 9.5%, adjusted pre-tax profits adding 8.9% and shareholders benefitting from a 10% uplift in dividends. Management added that margins remain strong and the fact labour costs are comparatively low as a percentage of income is also insulating against inflation to a degree. The Hollywood Bowl share price was up 9% in early trade. Cohort The independent technology group Cohort issued a full year trading update this morning. The company’s share price has been faring well over the last ten days, rallying off multi month lows and today’s note to the market has again boosted that return. Revenue and adjusted operating profits both came in ahead of expectations, whilst margins improved by 170bps. The cash position is also significantly improved with increased order intake providing renewed confidence for the year ahead. The Cohort share price was up 15% at the time of writing. Melrose Another update this morning from the engineering firm Melrose over the incident at its California facility. The company has confirmed that the remaining exclusion zone has been lifted whilst local officials reiterated that there had been no chemical spill. Work remains ongoing with customers to ensure supply plans are in place but is there an element here which will impact sales in the short term? The Melrose share price extended Tuesday’s losses, falling a further 3.5% shortly after the open. Most read news on Investegate this morning US FDA decision date on camizestrant extended - - AstraZeneca (AZN) FY26 Preliminary Results - - Pets at Home Group (PETS) Molly Gold Project, Brazil - Drilling Update - - Jangada Mines (JAN) Disclaimer: This information does not constitute investment advice, nor does it necessarily reflect the views and opinions of Investegate. If in doubt consult a financial professional. Other Across the Markets Posts Across The Markets: ASOS, CMC Markets, Associated British Foods 01-07-2026 (1 month ago) Related Companies: ASOS (ASC) , Associated British Foods (ABF) , CMC Markets (CMCX) CMC Markets surges as trading update bolsters institutional outlook and ASOS finds investor support from asset disposal in the US but Associated British Foods slumps as ingredients division shows weakness. Across The Markets: Celsius Resources, Barratt Redrow, IWG 30-06-2026 (1 month ago) Related Companies: Barratt Redrow (BTRW) , Celsius Resources Limited (DI) (CLA) , IWG (IWG) Housebuilders turn lower as class action law suit over price fixing emerges, but IWG jumps on extended share buyback news and small cap Celsius Resources advances on asset disposal plans. Across The Markets: Eco Atlantic, Bridgepoint, BT Group 29-06-2026 (1 month ago) Related Companies: BT Group (BT.A) , Eco (Atlantic) Oil & Gas NPV (DI) (ECO) , Bridgepoint Group (Reg S) (BPT) BT Group sees modest gains off JV announcement with Verizon, Bridgepoint adds after acquisition news is well received and Eco Atlantic also finds cheer as farm out agreement gets government approvals. Across The Markets: Wise, Guardian Metals, Barratt Redrow 26-06-2026 (1 month ago) Related Companies: Barratt Redrow (BTRW) , Wise Class A (WISE) , Guardian Metal Resources plc (GMET) Barratt Redrow tops off week of gains with new CEO arrival date confirmed, Wise sees FY numbers at top end of estimates and Guardian Metals finds support ahead of next week’s feasibility study release. Across The market: 3i Group, Moonpig, easyJet 25-06-2026 (1 month ago) Related Companies: easyJet (EZJ) , 3i Group (III) , Moonpig Group (MOON) easyJet makes further gains as management offer an olive branch to suitor Castlelake, Moonpig surges on outperformance and buyback news, whilst 3i also reacts well to pre-AGM portfolio update. UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 day ago Savannah Energy 1 day ago Barclays 1 day ago Schroder Income Growth Fund 1 day ago Fuller Smith & Turner 1 day ago Land Securities Group All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and