Driving our
growth strategy

Hollywood Bowl Group pic
Annual report and accounts 2022

Company number
10229630

>
<
f=}
a
w
z
rat
my
=

wi

SoS Sosmoaia023.
--:= COMPANIES HOUSE *

#74

_ Driving our

growth strategy

Our unique purpose-led culture and proven investment-led strategy are enabling us
to capitalise on the significant growth opportunities in the markets we operate in.

Strategic report . Corporate report

2 Highlights 76 Chairman's introduction to governance
3 Investment case 78 Board of Directors

4 Ataglance 80 Corporate governance report

6 Chairman's statement 86 Report of the Nomination Committee
10 Our brands 91 Report of the Audit Committee

16 Canadian acquisition 96 Report of the Remuneration Committee
18 Chief Executive Officer's review 101 Annual report on remuneration

24 Business model 114 Directors’ report

26 Section 172 117 Statement of Directors’ responsibilities

27 Stakeholder engagement

30 Our market environment

32 Strategy

88 Key performance indicators

40 Chief Financial Officer's review

46 Sustainability overview

69 TOFD

69. Risk management

70 Principal risks

74 Going concer and viability statement

Financial statements
119 Independent auditor's report

127 Consolidated income statement and
statement of comprehensive income

128 Consolidated statement of
financial position
129 Consolidated statement of changes
inequity
130 Consolidated statement of cash flows
131 Notes to the financial statements

187 Company statement of
financial position

158 Company statement of changes
in equity

158 Company statement of cash flows

169 Notes to the Company
financial statements

165 Company information

Our purpose is bringing families and
friends together for affordable fun
and safe, healthy competition

Our strategy...

Delivering Actively Developing new Focusing on Leveraging our
like-for-like refurbishing centres and our people indoor leisure
revenue growth our assets acquisitions experience

> Road more on pages 32037
is underpinned by our commitment to sustainable growth...

Safe and inclusive Outstanding Sustainable
leisure destinations workplaces centres

> Read more on pages 46 to 58

and strong market fundamentals...

Growth of competitive Combined retail and Low market Sector consolidation
socialising leisure experiences penetration opportunities
> Road more on pages 30 and 31
enabling us to create value for our stakeholders
Continually enhancing our Building energetic and Maintaining support of
customers’ experience engaging teams who share our investors to help us grow
our values and are proud’ the business and consistently
to be part of our culture deliver returns
> Read moreon pages 27 to29
Hollywood Bowl Group pic |
Annual report and accounts 2022

Highlights

Our financial performance
£193.7m_ +169.5%

+28.3%

LFL revenue growth!
(2021: +28.6%)

£37.5m

Profit after tax
(2021: £1.7m)

8.53p

Final ordinary dividend

Revenue
(2021: £71.9m)

21.91p

Earnings per share
(2021: 1.05p)

3.0p

Special dividend

per share per share
9 Hollywood Bowl Group ple
Annual report and accounts 2022

Total revenue growth
(2021: -9.6%)

£39.4m

Adjusted profit after tax’
(2021: £1.7m)

£77.5m

Group adjusted EBITDA'
(2021: £30.6m)

23.07p

Adjusted earnings
per share!
(2021:1.05p)

1 Definitions for these measures are in the kay performance indicators section (pages
88 and 39).A reconciliation between key adjusted and statutory measures, as well
‘as notes on altemative performance measures, is provided in the Chief Financial
Officer's review (pages 40 to 46). Management believes providing these specific
financial highights gives valuable supplemental detail regarding the Group’s results,
consistent with how management evaluates the Group's performance. Ove to the
restrictions in FY2020 and FY2021,ike-for-like (LFL) calculations above are compared
{othe last uninterrupted year of trading in FY2019.

Investment case

Reasons to invest

Hollywood Bowl Group is the UK’s market leader with national scale, and
the second largest operator of ten-pin bowling centres in the world.
We operate a high-quality, well-invested estate with diverse revenue streams
and multiple levers, including our expansion into Canada, to drive further growth.

People and leadership

Our highly motivated and engaged operational teams
deliver our customer-focused experiences, and are led
by a stable and experienced management team who is
committed to sustainable growth

> Read more on pages 51 to 54

Balance sheet strength

Market opportunities

By driving revenues, achieving healthy margins and
maintaining a strong balance sheet, we continue to invest
appropriately in enhancing and scaling our business

> Read more on pages 18 to 22

As the clear leader in both the UK ten-pin bowling and the
competitive socialising markets, we are best placed and
have the experience to capitalise on the growth opportunities
available in the markets we operate in

> Read more on pages 30 and 31

Exciting growth pipeline

Customer focus

Alongside our ongoing centre refurbishment plan, we are
targeting more new centres for our Hollywood Bowl,
Puttstars and Splitsville brands, which is backed by our
rigorous and disciplined location selection process

> Read moreon page 36

Our ten-pin bowling and mini-golf centres provide fun and
safe environments for people of all ages, and their experiences
are enhanced by research led insight and a culture of
continuous improvement

> Read morecn pages 12t0 15

Hollywood Bow! Group ple
Annual report and accounts 2022

Top 25

UK's Best Big Companies to
Work For in 2022

£56.1m

Net cash at year end

9

Centres added to the Group
estate in FY2022

15-20

Target range of new openings
before the end of FY2025

61%

UK net promoter score

pode o18e7e

Ataglance

Providing great value
entertainment experiences

Through our customer focus and insight-led service, product and technological
innovation, we are on a mission to continually enhance our customers’ experience of
the inclusive competitive socialising activities of ten-pin bowling and indoor mini-golf.

Our centres offer bowling lanes or mini-golf courses, a licensed bar, a diner and an
amusements zone featuring the latest games designed to keep everyone entertained.

Our brands

Our UK ten-pin bowling brand, with centres
typically offering 24 bowling lanes, situated
in prime locations on leisure or retail parks.

Centres

64

Market leader
in UK ten-pin bowling
market

> Readmore on pages 12. and 13

‘Our UK indoor mini-golf brand with centres
offering three mini-golf courses, situated in
prime locations on leisure or retail parks.

Centres

Challenger brand
in UK mini-golf
market

> Read more on pages 14 and 15

* Includes two remaining AMF centres which will be rebranded in FY2023

4 Hollywood Bow! Group ple

Annual report and accounts 2022

Our Canadian ten-pin bowling brand with
centres typically offering 29 bowling lanes,
located in standalone locations or co-
located with retail units.

Centres

6

Established brand

in Canadian ten-pin
bowling market

> Readmore on pages 16 and 17

Our locations

UK

Hollywood Bowl is the UKs largest ten-pin bowling brand
with 64 centres nationwide, Puttstars is our emerging
indoor mini-golf brand, which opened its first centre

in 2020

> Read moreon pages 12to 15

Canada
Splitsville is our first overseas ten-pin bowling brand and
was acquired by the Group in May 2022

> Reid moro on page 16

75

Centres open as at 16 December 2022

15-20
Target range of new centres opening before
end of FY2025

Canada
Splitsville: 6

Central support office: 1

UK

Hollywood Bowl: 64
Puttstars: 5

Central support office: 1

Hollywood Bow! Group plo
Annual report and accounts 2022

5

ode, o1Zaye11S

Chairman's statement

The Group’s excellent
performance has
exceeded expectations

| salute our team members’ effort
in delivering on our purpose and
providing consistently excellent
customer experiences.”

Peter Boddy, Non-Executive Chairman

6 Hollywood Bowl Group ple
Annual report and accounts 2022

Each year, | cannot help but enthuse about the people
who work with us at Hollywood Bowl Group, and FY2022
has been no different.

Arecord year flashed by and, as customers retumed in
their droves, our Centre Managers and team members
delivered excellent customer service unfailingly
throughout the year.

The Group's excellent financial performance in FY2022
exceeded the Board's expectations, as well as the FY2019
(the last full year of uninterrupted trading) revenue levels
by 283 per cent ona like-for-like (LFL) basis. We have
made further progress against our customer-led strategy,
investingin and growing our estate, inoluding announcing
anew milestone for the business this year with our first
international acquisition in Canada. We have continued

to improve our customer experience, and we are proud of
the great value for money we offer families and friends
across the UK and Canada. As a result of this excellent
performance we were pleased to reinstate our dividend
for the year and set out the Group's updated capital
allocation policy, which centres on sustainable profit
growth and shareholder returns, on page 44.

Demand for great value competitive socialising remains
strong, and we achieved four of our five-highest ever
revenue months during the year. The UK summer of travel
disruptions in 2021, knocked foreign travel off the agenda
for many, benefiting the domestic leisure and entertainment
sector in that period, and we continued to see the benefit
of that during the early months of FY2022. We also
experienced our second-highest revenue month on
record during August 2022, despite the heatwave, with
our centres also providing our customers a welcome
reprieve from the hot weather.

This excellent performance has been achieved by our
teams who have stood up to the many, well-publicised
challenges experienced by businesses throughout the
year, including COVID-19 related absences labour shortages
and supply chain issues. Our Centre Managers successfully
navigated these challenges while coordinating multiple
on-site operations and leading their teams on a daily basis.
I salute their efforts in delivering on our purpose and
providing consistently excellent customer experiences

We were pleased to reward this significant team effort
with a sector-leading bonus scheme in the year.

lam extremely proud of the way our senior leadership
team (SLT) has continued to create stakeholder value
while innovating and elevating customer experiences.
We have seized opportunities to make the Group more
operationally efficient, while supporting our Centre
Managers to make well-informed decisions at local level.
Together, the Board and SLT remain laser focused on our
strategic growth initiatives.

We have invested further in our portfolio, refurbishing or
rebranding eight centres during the year. We continue
toimplement and introduce a number of performance
enhancing initiatives, such as optimising the layouts in our
centres to create more lanes and extra space for our
amusements. We have accelerated our digital offering
and improved how we interact with customers -
amplifying their experiences to meet heightened
expectations. Work included in-centre digital displays,
improved Customer Relationship Management (CRM)
capability, as well as website and IT architecture
improvements that collectively help improve our
customers’ interactions.

We have grown the portfolio during the year, opening two
new Hollywood Bowl centres in Resorts World Birmingham
and in Belfast, both of which are trading in line with
expectations, and we continue to see significant opportunity
to grow the brand in the UK and add to our pipeline.

Since the launch of our new Puttstars leisure brand, a
unique and modern twist on indoor mini-golf, in March
2020, we have been testing the format and refining the
value proposition. COVID-19 halted progress for nearly
two years, however, since the lifting of restrictions, the trial
is progressing well. Informed by customer research and
the lessons we have leamed, we are refining the operational
delivery and making modifications in the centre environments.
and game-play. We opened two new Puttstars during the
calendar year, and we continue to see opportunity to add
to our pipeline and grow the brand by expanding into
those five-star locations across the UK where a Hollywood
Bowl centre is not suitable, for example, where there is a
‘smaller available footprint.

Looking further afield, an exciting highlight of the year
was the acquisition in May of Teaquinn Holdings Inc
(Teaquinn) in Canada for an initial consideration of CAD
17m (approximately £10.6m), which was funded from the
Group’s existing cash resources.

Hollywood Bow! Group plo
Annual report and accounts 2022

7

odes 197211

Chairman's statement continued

The business comprises Splitsville, a Canadian ten-pin
bowling brand, and Striker Bowling Solutions, a supplier
and installer of bowling equipment across Canada.

This was an excellent opportunity to acquire a well-operated,
freehold-backed business with an experienced existing.
management team led by founder Pat Haggerty. The
‘Canadian bowling market is well established but fragmented
and under invested, and ripe for consolidation. Together
with Pat, we see significant potential for profitable growth
ina territory which shares many characteristios of the UK
market of some ten years ago. In addition to refurbishment
opportunities, we have the potential to add up to ten sites
to the portfolio over the next five years. The Board
believes this is an opportunity that aligns well with our
strategic growth plans with targeted returns in line with
‘our financial investment criteria.

In October 2021, we appointed Melanie Dickinson to the
Board as Chief People Officer in recognition of the huge
importance we place on our team members, and the
impact that her role has had on the success of the Group.
We conducted full pay reviews and awarded well-earned
bonuses to our team members, recognising their
contribution to a stellar performance in FY2022. We did
this on the back of a bonus scheme introduced last year,
rewarding our centre teams for displaying behaviours that
align with Group strategy and environmental performance
targets. Excellent service is fundamental to our success,
and is embedded in everything we do and the rewards

we offer.

In the context of our focus on our team members, | was.
delighted that the Group was recognised as one of The
UK's 25 Best Big Companies to Work For in 2022.

We welcomed Julia Porter as an Independent Non-Executive
Director on 1 September 2022, and as a member of the
Audit, Nomination and Remuneration Committees.

We will sadly say goodbye to Claire Tiney following a
three-month handover with Julia, who will become Chair
of the Remuneration Committee as Claire will be retiring
by rotation at the AGM in January 2023.

Iwould lke to thank Claire for her excellent insights and
contribution to the Group since 2016, and the other
‘members of the Board for their valued contributions
during the year.

Operating sustainably has long been a priority for the
Group. Having evolved our wider environmental, social
and governance (ESG) strategy in FY202, this year we
have further embedded sustainability considerations in
the way we operate, and have extended our targets and
stated ambitions.

This year for the first time, we have integrated the Task
Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TOFD)
framework and recommendations in our reporting, giving
more visibility on the olimate-related risks we face, the
environmental initiatives we are currently undertaking,
and the steps required to meet stakeholder expectations.
We are putting additional systems and processes in place
to mitigate against future risks and measure performance
inthis area.

We work hard to mitigate business risks, and although
inflationary pressures are expected to continue, we are
well placed to withstand them through our operating
model, as welll as our multiple revenue streams. We are
exceptionally pleased to have closed FY2022 in a robust
cash and liquidity position. With no current debt we are
not directly impacted by interest rate rises.

The investments and refurbishments made to our
estate have allowed us to deliver great value to all of our
stakeholders, while keeping true to our purpose of bringing
people together for affordable and healthy competition
that is safe and fun, in a wholly positive environment.

Our strict return on investment hurdle rate currently has
‘sufficient headroom to allow us to continue our capital
investment and refurbishment programmes, as well as
pursue our expansion plans. We are confident in our
ability to not only withstand but to succeed in the face of
the current headwinds, and are committed to keeping our
prices affordable for customers so they can continue to.
enjoy a family treat at one of our bowling or mini-golf centres.

| would like to thank all the suppliers, landlords, partners,
shareholders and other stakeholders that have worked
with us to ensure our business could deliver such an
outstanding performance, and | hope you will continue
to share in the Group's success in the years ahead.

Peter Boddy
Non-Executive Chairman
15 December 2022

18.37

LFL games growth vs FY2019

14.53 pence

Total dividend per share

Hollywood Bow! Group ple
Annual report and accounts 2022

8

O&A

with Peter

We ask Chairman Peter Boddy about his highlights
of FY2022 and ambitions for the coming year.

Q-
A-

Describe what has made you most proud this year?

1am most proud of our team of talented people and the hard
work that they have put into achieving our success this year.
A major contributor to our ability to attract and retain our
talented people is the training and development opportunities
we offer to our team members. Outside of the structured
training however, lies a genuine spirit and ethos of empowering
people. One of the proudest moments of the year was

being able to reward these efforts with pay increases and
‘exceptional bonuses, as well as the recognition of being
named one of the UK's 26 Best Big Companies To Work For.

What have been the most difficult obstacles faced by
the business?

The past couple of years have presented so many
exceptional challenges that it is difficult to know where to
begin to answer that question. Naturally, the spectre of
COVID-19 looms large over much of what we have done and
achieved in recent years, but we have become stronger in the
face of it. Businesses have faced a number of operational
challenges in the aftermath, and never before have so many
global, political and environmental factors been under
consideration in the daily actions of our SLT and the people
they manage. However, we came through it and delivered an
outstanding performance, underpinned by great service and
excellent teamwork.

Q-
A-

What are your priorities for the Group for the future?

More of the same - growth and performance. The Canadian
acquisition has been a real highlight, and we are naturally very
excited to grow the Splitsville brand and refine our offer ina
new market . Closer to home, we still see opportunity to grow
both our Hollywood Bowl and Puttstars brands and to invest
in the quality of our portfolio. The SLT is constantly stretching
ideas on how we can make customers’ experience better, and
remain true to our core proposition of offering great value-
for-money, family-friendly leisure experiences.

How has the Group responded to the increased
profile of ESG?

Ithas always been a priority of the Group to look after our
people and customers, and to reduce our environmental
impact. We will continue to do all of this as we evolve our ESG.
strategy, extending our ambitious targets. For the first time
this year, we have incorporated the TCFD framework in our
reporting, which highlights our strategies to mitigate against
the climate-related risks we face. Our consistently high
standards of corporate governance ensure our governance
framework meets the needs of the business and is
appropriately aligned with best practice, and we are
extending the Committee structure in 2023 to include a
Corporate Responsibility Committee, which will be chaired
by one of our Non-Executive Directors.

Hollywood Bowl Group pic
Annual report and accounts 2022

9

pode oBe1eg

Our brands

We’re all about
the entertainment
experience

A passion for bringing friends and families together
to share memorable entertainment experiences is
at the very heart of what we do.

Our three unique brands create inclusive fun and
healthy competition for customers of all ages and
abilities to enjoy.

Our drive for constant improvement and innovation
helps us to evolve and enhance our customers’
experience when they visit one of our centres.

Hollywood Bow! Group operates with three core
customer-facing brands.

We are the UK's largest ten-pin bowling operator,
where we have 64 bowling centres under the
Hollywood Bowl brand.

Also in the UK, we have five indoor mini-golf
centres operating under the Puttstars brand,

Following the acquisition of Teaquinn, we now
have the platform to grow our first overseas
bowling business under the Splitsville brand in
Canada, where we have six ten-pin bowling centres.

> Read more on pages 12to 17

1 O Hollywood Bow! Group ple
Annual report and accounts 2022

1,508

Bowlinglanes

64

UK centres

2

New centres opened
inFY2022