Rising to challenges
and reigniting growth

Annual report and accounts 2021

COMPANIES HOUSE

Driven by

our purpose

Bringing families and friends together for

affordable fun and safe, healthy competition

Our strategy.
Delivering like-for- | Actively refurbishing Developing new centres
like revenue growth | our assets and acquisitions
© Read more on pages 28 and 29 .

Our focus on sustainability

Managing our business in a We've identified three key areas
sustainable way is a key element where we can have the greatest
of our strategy and culture positive impact

© Foad more.on pages 36 to 43

Our focus on stakeholders

Inspiring customers to become Building energetic and engaging

loyal fans of our brands teams who share our values and are

© eas more on pages 221025 proud to be part of our culture
ad more on|

Our performance

+28.6% £71.9m -9.6%

LFL revenue growth! Revenue Total revenue vs PY
(2020: +0.4%) (2020: £79.5m) (2020; -38.9%)

9 £30.6 £
13.3% .6m 1.7m
Operating profit margin’ Group adjusted EBITDA’ Profit after tax
(2020: 12.4%) (2020: £29.8m) (2020: £1.4m)

Focusing on
our people

Leveraging our indoor
leisure experience

Comprehensively measuring and
monitoring our activity to ensure that
we achieve our objectives

Creating value for our stakeholders
by focusing on long-term,
sustainable success

‘£10.29

LFL average spend
per game’

1.05p

Earnings per share
(2020: 0.90p)

1 Definitions for these measures are in the key performance indicators section (pages 30 and 31). Management believe providing these specific nancial highights gives valuable
‘supplemental detail regarding the Group's results. consistent with how management evaluate the Group's performance. A reconciliation between Group adjusted EBITDA and
statutory operating profits provided on page 34. Due tothe restrctionin FY2020 and FY202), LF caloulations above are from 17 May and compared tothe same period in FY2019.

In this report

Strategic report

2 Ataglance

4 Chairman's statement

8 Our brands

14 Chief Executive Officer's review
20 Business model

22 Section 172

23 Stakeholder engagement

26 Our market environment

28 Strategy

30 Key performance indicators
32 Chief Financial Officer's review
36 Sustainability overview

44 Risk management

48 Going concern and
viability statement

Corporate governance
50 Chairman's introduction
to governance
52 Board of Directors
54 Corporate governance report
59 Report of the Nomination Committee
62 Report of the Audit Committee

67 Report of the Remuneration
Committee

71 Director's Remuneration Policy
80 Annual report on remuneration
87 Directors’ report

90 Statement of Directors’
responsibilities

Financial statements

91 Independent auditor's report

99 Consolidated income statement
and statement of comprehensive
income

100 Consolidated statement of
financial position

101 Consolidated statement of changes
inequity

102 Consolidated statement of cash flows

103 Notes to the financial statements

128 Company statement of
financial position

129 Company statement of changes
inequity

129 Company statement of cash flows

130 Notes to the Company
financial statements

IBC Company information

Hollywood Bow! Group ple 1
Annual report and accounts 2021

Ataglance

Rolling out
fun nationwide

Through our customer-foous and insight led product and
technological innovation, we are on a mission to continually
enhance our customers’ experience of the competitive
socialising activities of ten-pin bowling and mini-golf.

Our brands

hollywood bow! = BOWLING PUTTSTARS

Our core ten-pin bowling brand, with centres Our secondary ten-pin bowling brand with Our newindoor mini-golf brand with centres
typically situated in prime locations on centres in stand-alone locations. situated in prime locations on leisure or
feisure or retail parks. retail parks.

Centres Centres Centres

56 5 3

© Read more on page 8 © Read more on page 8 © Read more on page 12

Ourinvestmentcase Peopleandleadership Market opportunities

Hollywood Bowl Groups the marketleader —_ highly motivated and engaged team As the clear leader in both the ten-pin
with national scale, operating a high-quality, —_gelivers our customer-focused experiences, — bowling and the competitive socialising
well-invested estate with diverse revenue led by stable and experienced management —_ markets, we are best placed to capitalise on
streams and multiple levers to drive the growth opportunities available
further growth
> Read more on pages 20 and 21 > Read moreon pages 20 and 21

9) Hollywood Bow! Group ple

Annual report and accounts 2021

Our locations

Hollywood Bowl Group is the UK's largest
ten-pin bowling operator. We have 61 bowling
and three mini-golf centres, each equipped with
an average of 24 bowling lanes or three, nine
hole mini-golf courses, a licensed bar, a diner
and an amusements zone featuring the latest
games designed to keep everyone entertained.

64

Centres open as of
30 September 2021

14-18

Target range of new
centres opening before
end of FY2024

Key
@ Hollywood Bow!: 56
@ AMF Bowling 5

: @ Puttstars:3

@ Central support office: 1

© Read more on page8

Balance sheet
strength

By driving revenues, continuing to achieve
healthy margins and maintaining a strong
balance sheet with low net debt, we
continue to invest appropriately in
enhancing and scaling our business

> Read moreon pages 20 and 21

Exciting growth
pipeline

Alongside our ongoing centre refurbishment
plan, we are targeting to open more new

centres, which is backed by our rigorous and
disciplined location selection process

> Read more.on pages 20 and 21

Customer focus

Our ten-pin bowling and mini-goff experiences
provide fun and safe environments for people
of allages, andare evolved by customer
insight and a culture of continuous
improvement in all areas of the business

> Readmoreon pages 20and21

Hollywood Bowl Group ple 3
Annual report and accounts 2021

yoda oer

Chairman's statement

Meeting challenges
head on and
delivering
excellent results

| was extremely proud of the way
our team came together after
another prolonged period of
closure, and delighted that this
summer, our centres were packed
with happy and excited customers
in a safe environment.”

Peter Boddy, Non-Executive Chairman

4 Hollywood Bow! Group ple
Annual report and accounts 2021

Last year, | ended my statement with my belief that

after an unprecedented year of disruption, it was the
spirit and enthusiasm of our people that would be our
greatest asset when it came to reigniting our momentum
and success this year. My comments were proved right
and lam extremely proud of the way our team came
together after another prolonged period of closure,

and also delighted that this summer, our centres across
the country were packed with happy and excited
‘customers ina safe environment.

In the face of two more nationwide lockdowns, we could
have simply battened down the hatches and waited until
the disruption had passed. Instead, we invested wisely,
using the downtime to enhance our centres where
possible and ensure that our offering was even stronger
when our doors did reopen. Our strong performance
since reopening in May and the enthusiastic feedback
we have received from our customers and our team,
shows that this was absolutely the right decision.

Just lke last year, a large portion of FY'2021 was spent
with our centres closed and even when we were able

to reopen in May, we did so with several COVID-I9
restrictions in place. In July our centres were able to
trade with no restrictions and we brought the whole of
our team back to work, making the most of a remarkable
summer period of trading.

The last two years have demanded strong and confident
leadership from the Group's senior management, and
the Board has been focused on supporting them and
helping them make timely, well-informed decisions. The
Board composition has remained stable in the post IPO
period, and we decided to further strengthen the Board
by appointing our Chief People Officer, Melanie Dickinson
to the Board in October 2021. Melanie is a great asset to
the team and | want to thank her and the other members
of the Board for their valued contribution. We have a
sucoession plan in place which will see new Non-Executives
joining the Board, as existing Non-Exeoutives rotate off,
from FY2023.| look forward to the introduction of some
new perspectives and ideas, as the Group begins
another exciting period of growth.

28.6%

LFL revenue growth
since May reopening

| truly believe that we are best in
class in our market when it comes
to customer experience.”

Our CEO, Stephen Burns, and the rest of the senior
management team have certainly had to make some
strategically important decisions this year. Most notable
amongst them was choosing to undertake an equity
placingin March 2021. This bold move allowed the Group
toraise gross proceeds of £30m from new and existing
shareholders and has given us considerable scope in
terms of executing our customer led strategy, doubling
our new site pipeline, carrying out refurbishments on
existing sites and restructuring our balance sheet as well
as securing a new, more favourable bank debt facility.
The decision has reinforced the underlying strength

of our business and strategy and helped reaffirm the
confidence our stakeholders have in our decision
making and proven strategy. The Board and! are
extremely grateful for their continued support.

A personal highlight for me has been the way the team
has responded to another challenging year and embraced
getting back to work and providingindustry-leading leisure
experiences for our customers. From having 986 per cent
of our team furloughed in January, to bringing a large
majority of our team back in May, our people have stood
by the business and worked incredibly hard since our
centres reopened. | have had the pleasure of visiting
many of our centres this summer, and seeing them full
of customers and enthusiastic team members

was exhilarating

£20.1m 197m

Record revenue Record games /
month - August rounds played
~ August

Hollywood Bowl Group pic
Annual report and accounts 2021

yoda o1ZeyeNS,

Chairman's statement continued

Rewarding and supporting our team's hard work has
always been a priority. This year, we introduced a new
bonus scheme that rewards people for displaying the
behaviours that align with our strategy, and provided all
returning team members with a range of training and
‘support to ensure they were ready to get back to work
and felt safe in the working environment. We worked
hard to make sure the whole Group was aligned around
‘our purpose of bringing people together for affordable
fun and safe, healthy competition, and there is a great
‘sense of excitement around the opportunities ahead.

The last 18 months have provided a unique chance

to reflect and strengthen the business. The work and
investments we made during lockdown allowed us to
hit the ground running when our centres reopened.
We completed refurbishments on two centres and
Continued to roll out our innovative Pins on Strings
‘system, which is reducing the number of faults by half
and further enhance customer satisfaction. We have
invested in our digital experience, including our website
and CRM systems and the completion of the rollout
of our new scoring system. | am also pleased with the
progress we have made this year with our important
sustainability initiatives and the development of our
strategy in this area.

This summer saw very high demand from consumers.
Despite only being open restriction free for two months,
we achieved record activity for both a single day and an
entire month and exceeded our FY2019 trading levels
by 286 per cent on a like-for-like (LFL) basis. We saw
anincrease in the number of visits and an increase in the
number of games played, as well as an increase in the
average spend per game.

We have a whole range of exciting
opportunities for growth ahead
of us.”

17.4%

LFL games growth since May

£13.4m

Profit generated in H2 FY2021

6 . Hollywood Bowl Group pic
Annual report and accounts 2021

Several factors contributed to this increased consumer
demand, including weather conditions that encouraged
indoor entertainment and the fact that many people
opted for UK holidays rather than international travel.
There also appeared to be pent-up consumer demand
for safe, family-friendly and fun group activities. Positive
feedback from customers shows that measures such
as the lane seating dividers, as well as the exceptional
service from our team, helped to create a relaxed and
safe environment for our customers.

Looking forward to FY2022, we will continue to roll out
new centres for both Hollywood Bow! and Puttstars,

as well as driving improvements in our offering and
‘customer service. We are constantly reviewing the
opportunities available to us, and by ending the year ina
strong cash and liquidity position, we are in a great place
to move fast to capitalise on the opportunities ahead.

I truly believe that we are best in class in our market
when it comes to customer experience, and with such a
well-organised, high-quality and focused team, we can
‘extend our leadership position further in FY2022.

When we look back on how important our team has
been this year, feel itis also important to acknowledge
others that have contributed to our success. On behalf
of the Board, | want to thank alll the suppliers, landlords,
partners, shareholders, government bodies and other
‘stakeholders that have worked with us to ensure our
business was not only able to weather the storm but
‘emerge from it stronger. With a whole range of exciting
opportunities for growth ahead of us, | hope you will
continue to share in Hollywood Bowl Group's success
in the years ahead.

Peter Boddy
Non-Executive Chairman

Q+A with
Peter

We ask Chairman Peter Boddy about his highlights
of the last year and ambitions for the coming year.

What do you think was driving
customer demand in the summer?

At Hollywood Bow! Group we have always
been fully committed to providing a
welcoming, inclusive experience to everyone.
From the young to the old, we always want
our centres to be fun and safe places. This
summer, fewer people were travelling abroad
and many families were looking to maximise
their time together after months spentin
lockdown and continued pandemic-related
restrictions. The wet weather also meant
people were looking for indoor activities.
Importantly, | think that the safety measures
we had in place gave people the confidence
to continue enjoying themselves in a fun
environment as they always do in our centres.

Why was continuing to invest in
refurbishments and technology
during the closures so important?

It was essential for the Group to keep moving
forward and to take steps towards delivering
onour strategic and operational goals for
FY2022. Proactively improving our offering
not only meant that when customers did
return, our offering was better than ever,

but it also demonstrated to our team that
the business was still focused on continuous
operational improvement. The ways we have
invested will have lasting impacts on the
business and have positioned us for a period
of organic growth over the coming years.
Evolving an efficient and streamlined digital
journey, as well as continuing to apply
innovative solutions like Pins on Strings to.
more centres, remains an ongoing focus.

Are there any changes that were made
as a response to COVID-19 that you
think are going to remain in place?
There have been arrange of health and safety
measures introduced over the last 18 months,
and customers have responded well to the
majority of them. We will be contin
have bowling balls available for individual
lanes, and we will also be maintaining our
increased cleaning measures. Overall, the
lane seating area dividers have been the
biggest hit. Although originally conceived as
a temporary measure, we took the decision
to integrate them into our interior design and
customer feedback shows that it enhances
the experience. The dividers are likely to
remain in place for the foreseeable future.

What are you most excited for in
FY2022?

We are entering FY2022 in a really strong
‘cash and liquidity position which means

we can operate with confidence. As well as
accelerating our new property pipeline and
continuing to roll out our innovative Puttstars
concept across the country, the Group is.
constantly reviewing the adjacent leisure
‘space opportunities in the UK and further
afield. The strength with which we ended the
year means that we have the capability,
capacity and ability to take on new challenges
and exciting opportunities if and when they
present themselves. For me, that is an
incredibly exciting position to be in, particularly
when taking into account the challenges we
have overcome during the last 18 months.

Hollywood Bowl Group plc
Annual report and accounts 2021

7

yoda o18e7e19g,

Our brands

The complete
entertainment
experience

The Group operates 1,453 ten-pin bowling lanes
in 61 high-quality centres located across the UK

8 Hollywood Bow! Group ple
Annual report and accounts 2021

9.6%

LFL SPG growth since reopening in
May 2021 compared to FY2019"

Games played (m) - bowling centres

2021 6,960,626
2020 7926.718

2019 19,475,286
2018 13,068,686

Spend per game (£) - bowling centres

2001 10.08
2020 1008
2019 oes
2018 022

£1.4m

Invested in COVID-19 secure
measures for team and customers

11%

Of centre teams receiving a bonus
since reopening in May 2021

1 LFL SPGistotal bowling centre revenue divided by the number of games excluding
any new centses and closed centres. New centres are includedin the LFL growth
Caloulation for the period after they complete the calendar anniversary of their
‘opening date. Due to the restrictions in FY2020, LFL SPG is compared to the same
period in FY2019.

Market-leading brand

The ten-pin bowling market is part of the UK's diverse
‘out of home' leisure sector. Its popularity is based
around offering a competitively priced experience
that appeals to a broad range of consumers.

Hollywood Bowl is the market leader in the UK and
is our flagship brand. Its centres are predominantly
located alongside cinemas and casual dining sites
in out of town multi-use leisure parks, or adjacent to
large retail parks. Our secondary AMF brand has
centres in standalone locations.

Customer insight
Our market research and post-visit digital customer
experience programmes provide clear and fast visibility
con satisfaction levels. This means we are always ready
to react quickly to any operational issue or respond

to wider customer trends in our drive for continued
improvement. Of note in FY2021, customer feedback
directly led to the retention of our bespoke lane seating
dividers after social distancing regulations were lifted.

Our teams

Our team members are key to delivering on our purpose
and our sales and service ambitions. Our in-house
development and training programmes attract, retain
and nurture top talent. Our centre teams are rewarded
for displaying our cultural behaviours through our
coveted pin badge scheme and financially incentivised
based on customer feedback, recycling targets

and financial performance.

Hollywood Bowl Group pic
Annual report and accounts 2021

9

yoda o1aye11¢

Our brands continued

£8.0m

* Record monthly online revenue
- achieved in August

% of bowling revenue booked online

2001 cy
2020 46

2019 37

2018 aa

FY2021 revenue mix

Bowing 50%
Food andenk 26%
‘Amusements 26%
otner0%

1 O Hollywood Bowl Group pic
Annual report and accounts 2021

erse revenue streams
Alongside bowling, our food, drink and amusements
offerings give our customers a complete entertainment
experience and provide more reasons to visit, increase
dwell time and secondary spend.

We continue to enhance the bar and diner experience
for our customers. The reduced menu, which was
introduced in response to COVID-19 operating
restriotions, has seen some evolution but continues
to deliver strong quality and speed of service scores.

Amusements remains an area where innovation and
new product development are key and we work closely
with our partner, Namco, and our in-centre games
keeper teams to drive further revenues from our
family-focused offering, in addition to expanding the
footprint of our amusement areas in high-lineage
centres through reconfiguration as part of our centre
refurbishment programme.

Digital customer journey

We continued to evolve and increase our investment
ina wide range of digital solutions and marketing
activities to enhance many stages of the Hollywood
Bowl experience and customer journey.

These included the estate wide rollout of a new scoring
system which is integrated with our CRM programmes,
anew Customer Data Platform (which enables increased
quality of engagement with our database of 179 million
contactable contacts) and enhancements to our
mobile-focused booking platform and infrastructure
and in-centre food and drink ordering system. We also
continued the rollout of digital leaderboards and bar and
reception soreens as an integral part of our refurbishments.

Our targeted customer awareness, acquisition and
retention programmes use automated digital technology
to engage prospects and customers before and after
their centre visits through numerous social and digital
media channels.

Digital channels remain a key strategic focus area
and are an increasing source of revenue (accounting
for 63 per cent of bowling revenue in FY2021),
enhancement of the wider customer experience
and increased brand engagement.

1.79m

Contactable contacts on database
for use in CRM programmes

230,000

Hollywood Bowl Group and centre
Facebook followers