Enhancing
performance
through focused
investment

Hollywood Bowl Group pic
nual report and accounts 2

iv

*ACVSL2IU*

;————
SS
—=
1
-——

f inc

COMPANIES HOUSE

_

Enhancing
performance
through focused
investment

Our unique purpose-led culture and
proven investment-led strategy are
enabling us to capitalise on the
significant growth opportunities in
the markets we operate in.

Highlights

Our financial
performance

+4.5%

LFL revenue growth!
(2022: +28.3%)

£34.2m

Profit after tax
(2022: £37.6m)

£36.8m

Adjusted profit after tax'
(2022: £39.4m)

+11.0

Total revenue growth
(2022: +169.5%)

8.54p

Final ordinary dividend
per share

£215.1m

Revenue
(2022: £193.7m)

19.92p

Earnings per share
(2022: 21.91p)

21.48p

Adjusted earnings
per share!
(2022: 23.07p)

£82.7m

Group adjusted EBITDA'
(2022: £77.6m)

per share

| Definitions for these measures are in the key performance indicators section (pages
34and 36). A reconciliation between kay adjusted and statutory measures, as well
‘a8 notes on alternative performance measures, is provided in the Chiof Financial
Officer's review (pages 36 to 41), Management believes providing these specific
financial highlights gives valuable supplemental detail regarding the Group's results,
‘consistent with how management and investors evaluate the Group’s performance.

Strategic report

1 Highlights

2 Strategic roadmap

3 Investment case

4 Ataglance

6 Chairman's statement

10 Our growth story

12 Our brands

18 Chief Executive Officer's review
24 Our market environment

26 Business model

Strategy

Key performance indicators
Chief Financial Officer's review
42 Section 172

48 Stakeholder engagement

46 Sustainability overview

60 TCFD

70 Risk management

71 Principal risks

76 Going concer and viability statement

77 Non-financial and sustainability
information statement

8B

Governance report

78 Chairman's introduction to governance
80 Board of Directors

82 Corporate governance report

88 Report of the Nomination Committee
93 Report of the Audit Committee

97 Report of the Corporate Responsibility
Committee

98 Report of the Remuneration Committee
102 Annual report on remuneration

115 Directors’ report

118 Statement of Directors’ responsibilities

Financial statements

120 Independent auditor's report

128 Consolidated income statement and statement
of comprehensive income

129 Consolidated statement of financial position
130 Consolidated statement of changes in equity
131 Consolidated statement of cash flows

132 Notes to the financial statements

168 Company statement of financial position

169 Company statement of changes in equity
159 Company statement of cash flows

160 Notes to the Company financial statements
166 Company information

Hollywood Bow! Group ple 1
Annual report and accounts 2023

yoda, ol8eye11g

Strategic roadmap

Our purpose

Bringing families and friends together for
affordable fun and safe, healthy competition.

Our strategy...
Delivering Actively Developing new Focusing on Leveraging our
like-for-like refurbishing centres and our people indoor leisure
revenue growth our assets acquisitions experience

> Read more on pages 28 to33

is underpinned by our commitment to sustainable growth...
Safe and inclusive Outstanding Sustainable
leisure destinations workplaces centres

> Readmore on pages 46 to 69

and strong market fundamentals...
Growth of competitive Combined retail and Low market Sector consolidation
socialising leisure experiences penetration opportunities

> Read more on pages 24 to 26

enabling us to create value for our stakeholders

Continually enhancing our Building energetic and Maintaining support of
customers’ experience engaging teams who share our investors to help us grow
our values and are proud the business and consistently
to be part of our culture deliver returns.

> Readmore on pages 26 to 27

2) Hollywood Bow! Group ple
Annual report and accounts 2023

Investment case

Reasons to invest

Hollywood Bow! Group is the UK's established market leader with national scale, and the
second largest operator of ten-pin bowling centres in the world. We operate a high-quality,
well-invested estate with diverse revenue streams and multiple levers, including our
expansion into Canada, to drive further growth.

People and leadership #12

Our highly motivated and engaged operational teams

deliver our customer-focused experiences, and are led Our 2023 ranking in the
by a stable and experienced management team who are UK's ‘Best Big Companies
committed to sustainable growth to Work For’ awards

> Readmore on pages 60 to 61

Balance sheet strength £52 5m

By driving revenues, achieving healthy margins and
maintaining a strong balance sheet, we continue to invest Net cash at year end
appropriately in enhancing and soaling our business

> Read more on pages 18 to 23

Market opportu! S 6

As the leader in the UK ten-pin bowling and competitive

socialising markets, and the Canadian ten-pin bowling Centres added to the
market, we are best placed and have the experience to Group estate in FY2023

capitalise on the growth opportunities available

> Readmore.on pages 24 to.25

Exciting growth pipeline 1 5

Alongside our ongoing centre refurbishment programme,

we are targeting more new centres for our Hollywood Target of new openings
Bowl and Splitsville brands, which is backed by our before end of FY2025

rigorous and disciplined location selection process

> Readmore on pages 10tott

Customer focus 6 4%

Our ten-pin bowling and mini-golf centres provide fun and
safe environments for customers of all ages, with their UK net promoter score

experiences being enhanced by research led insight and +3%pts versus FY2022
a culture of continuous improvement

> Read more.on pages 12to 17

Hollywood Bowl Group ple
Annual report and accounts 2023

3

yodas o18eyeg

Ataglance

Great value entertainment

experiences

Through our customer focus and insight-led service, product and technological
innovation, we are on a mission to continually enhance our customers’ experience of the
inclusive competitive socialising activities of ten-pin bowling and indoor mini-golf.

Our centres offer bowling lanes or mini-golf courses, a licensed bar, a diner and an
amusements zone featuring the latest games designed to keep everyone entertained.

Our brands

> Read more on pages 12 and 13

> Readmore on pages 14 and 16

> Read moreon pages 16 and 17

4 Hollywood Bow! Group pic
Annual report and accounts 2023

UK market leader

in ten-pin bowling

Our UK ten-pin bowling brand, with centres typically
offering 24 bowling lanes, situated in prime locations on
leisure or retail parks.

Centres

65

Canadian market leader

in ten-pin bowling

Our Canadian ten-pin bowling brand with centres
typically offering 29 bowling lanes, located in standalone
locations or co-located with retail or leisure units.

Centres

9

UK brand

in the indoor mini-golf market
Our mini-golf brand with centres offering mini-golf
courses, situated in locations on leisure or retail parks.

Centres

5

79

Centres at the end of FY2023

3

New centres opened between
1 October 2023 and 16 December 2023

Our locations

UK

Hollywood Bow! is the UK's largest ten-pin bowling brand
with 66 centres nationwide. Puttstars is our indoor
mini-golf brand, which openedits first centre in 2020

Hollywood Bowl: 65
Puttstars: 5

Central support office: 1

> Read moreon pages 12, 13, 16 and 17

Canada

Splitsville is our first overseas ten-pin bowling brand
and was acquired by the Group in May 2022
Splitsville: 9
Central support office: 1

> Read more on pages 14 and 16

Hollywood Bow! Group ple
Annual report and accounts 2023

5

ode, o18e7e115,

Chairman's statement

Taking us to
the next leve

| continue to be impressed
by the clarity of purpose and
single-minded pursuit of
excellence consistently
demonstrated by all of

our team members.”

Peter Boddy, Non-Executive Chairman

6 Hollywood Bow! Group pic
‘Annual report and accounts 2023

Hollywood Bowl Group has once again achieved
another outstanding performance in FY2023, We
started the financial year with real momentum, following
on from an exceptional FY2022, and we have built on
this to deliver another record revenue year.

This has been achieved in spite of the many and varied
challenges experienced by UK businesses during the
year, demonstrating the strength of our customer offer,
resilience to inflationary pressures, robust balance sheet
and cash-generative business. | continue to be impressed
by the clarity of purpose and single-minded pursuit of
excellence consistently demonstrated by all of our team
members in executing the Group strategy which has led
to our track record of sustained profitable growth.

The Group's financial performance in FY2023 exceeded
the Board's expectations, driven by our focus on enhancing
the customer experience and investmentin improving the
quality of our estate through our ongoing refurbishment
programme. We continue to expand our footprint, through
new centre openings and acquisitions both in the UK and
Canada. Our planned investments in technology have
supported centres’ sales and yield growth, while also
improving our customers’ digital journey.

Our operating model drove like-for-like sales growth
across our four main revenue streams and our relatively
fixed cost base helped deliver another year of strong,
profits, We were also able to take advantage of
favourable conditions in July and August, where the
unseasonable wet weather encouraged more families to
seek out indoor leisure and entertainment activities,
leading to our busiest ever month in the UK in August.

In light of our performance, the Board is pleased to
declare a final ordinary dividend of 8.54 pence per share
as well as a special dividend of 2.73 pence per share.

Furthermore, given our robust financial position,
prospects and cash generation, as well as the Board's
focus on delivering shareholder returns and capital
efficienoy, the Board has extended the Group's capital
allocation policy around excess cash to include share
buybacks of up to £10m in FY2024, alongside special
dividends. The Board determined that share buybacks
can provide flexibility to achieve an optimal use of cash
to deliver value for shareholders and can represent an
attractive investment opportunity for the Company.

Affordable fun, safe and healthy comp:

ion

We know that across, the UK families are facing cost of
living challenges and so we work hard to ensure our
customer offer remains compelling and to deliver our
core purpose of bringing families and friends together
for affordable fun and safe, healthy competition. A family
of four can stil enjoy an outing with us for as little as £25
during peak times - the best value for money of all the
branded UK bowling operators.

Our amusement machines can still be enjoyed for as
little as £1 but operational improvements in the year
have enabled us to drive yield growth. Our simplified
menus focus on speed, quality, consistency and value
for money and although higher food and beverage costs
meant we introduced some modest price increases, our
most popular items haven't changed in price since 2019.
Our value-for-money customer proposition has
attracted more visits over the year from new and
returning customers who are choosing to spend more
time in our centres, boosting the spend per game.

Further investment in the UK estate

We opened three new centres in the UK during the year
in Speke, Peterborough and Merry Hill, all of which are
performing in line with expectations. Our refurbishment
programme saw 13 centres receive successful upgrades
including some centres which are on their second or
third refurbishment.

Post the year end, we were also pleased to announce
the acquisition of Lincoln Bow! on 2 October, which
included the long leasehold. The centre meets our strict
investment criteria and has 20 lanes with a bar, diner
and amusements, and will be rebranded as a Hollywood
Bowlin the first half of FY2024.

Anew growth market

Canada is an exciting growth opportunity for the Group
and we have made excellent progress since we acquired
Splitsville, comprising five centres, and Striker Bowling
Solutions in May 2022. We were quick to add a sixth
centre, Kingston, in July 2022 and this year we acquired
three bowling centres in Calgary, a strategically
important location between our current centres in
British Columbia and Ontario. Post the year end, we
acquired a further two centres, and have recently
started a new build in Ontario, due to open in FY2024.

We have also commenced our refurbishment programme
in Canada, based on our UK model, with one centre
completed during the year and one currently on site due to
complete in HI FY2024. The rebranded and refurbished
centre in Richmond Hill has been extremely well received,
attracting a broader customer base, more diverse revenue
streams and higher yields, underpinning our belief in the
long-term opportunity of the Canadian market.

Hollywood Bowl Group plc
Annual report and accounts 2023

7

odes oi8eye¢

Chairman's statement continued

Anew growth market continued

Our initial strategic rationale for entering Canada is
being reaffirmed the more we learn. The market, whilst
very well established, remains highly fragmented and
often under-invested, with many centres single-owned
or small-group-owned businesses, providing an
excellent runway for growth.

The Canadian market shares many similarities with the
UK and in FY2028, we undertook a large customer
research project to understand fully how we should
adapt our UK operating model for the Canadian market.
The results solidified our view that our operating model
would be very well received and that customers are
open to our high-quality family-friendly offering to sit
alongside competitive bowling leagues. Where differences
exist, we are able to tailor our offering accordingly. For
‘example, there are more opportunities for the corporate
offering due to a higher expectation of frequent socialising
amongst work colleagues, and for school-age students
in the winter months where cold weather encourages
activities indoors.

Integration with the wider Groupis going well with the
‘ongoing sharing of knowledge and innovation between our
UK and Canadian colleagues. Both sides make regular
Visits to gain greater understanding of the differing
operating models, and how we can introduce best
practice’ whilst maintaining the entrepreneurial spirit that
initially attracted us.

We have been developing a new Centre Manager pipeline
and putting the structures in place to allow rapid development
in Canada, including transferring four of our UK team
members, one to help introduce our training and
development programmes, two Centre Managers and
one of our UK Regional Managers who started as
Director of Operations in October 2023.

Board changes

In July 2023, we appointed Rachel Addison to the Board
as a Non-Executive Director and as a member of the
Audit, Remuneration and Nomination Committees. With
30 years of finance and operational management
experience, Rachel has held a number of senior leadership
and board positions across media and technology
businesses, bringing financial and operational experience,
including in digital media, which will be of great value to
the Group. Rachel's appointment comes at a time of change
for the Board and is part of our succession planning
Programme. Nick Backhouse, who has been a member
of the Board and Chair of the Audit Committee since the
Group's listing in 2016, is due to retire by rotation at our
Annual General Meeting (AGM) in January 2024. He has
been a real asset to the Group and his consistent, steady
advice, as well as his wise counsel, has been of great
value to Hollywood Bowl Group's development.

Sustainable growth
In recognition of the importance we place on environmental
and social considerations in our decision making, in
FY2028 the Board formed a Corporate Responsibility
Committee (CRC) consisting of Board and Executive
Committee members, and chaired by Non-Executive

8 Hollywood Bow! Group ple
Annual report and accounts 2023

Director Ivan Schofield. During the year the CRC
established its terms of reference and worked with the
long-standing Corporate Responsibility Steering Group
to set the Group's net zero strategy. Having already made
an early start to how we manage our direct environmental
impacts - we have reduced our UK direct emissions by
62 per cent since 2016 - this year we report on our indirect
Scope 3 emissions for the first time, which we estimate
makes up around 90 per cent of our total emissions. It is
from this baseline year that we will set science-based
targets in our commitment to reach net zero by 2050.
Our pathway to net zero strategy will see us build on our
progress to date and continue to make sustainability-led
improvements across the Group. We look forward to
working closely with our UK and Canadian colleagues,
and our suppliers, to make our plan a reality.

Investing in our people

Our People team has worked extremely hard this year to
develop our next generation of Centre Managers, senior
leaders and technicians, doubling the number of our
industry-leading training and development programmes.
Iwas delighted when the Group was once again recognised
as one of The UK's 26 Best Big Companies to Work For
in 2023, rising up the ranks to 12th position, and that our
Hemel Hempstead support centre was given the highest
3* standard for workplace engagement.

Exciting growth opportunity

Like all businesses, we have experienced a number of
external challenges in recent years, however, the Group
has emerged stronger than ever and | am excited about
the opportunities ahead.

Our operating model, multiple revenue streams and
strong balance sheet, which includes no debt, gives us
plenty of headroom to keep investing in our growth
strategy. Although we are not immune from inflationary
pressures, we are well insulated given our relatively fixed
cost base with over 72 per cent of Group revenues not
subject to cost of goods inflation.

(Our unwavering focus is on keeping our leisure experiences
fresh, relevant and affordable to our customers and on
generating further attractive returns through investment
in our customer experience. Technology continues to
play a big part in this, and | am looking forward to seeing.
the launch of our new self-developed customer booking
system later in the coming year. FY2024 will see further
investment in growing and improving the quality of our
estate in the UK and Canada, enhancing the customer
‘experience through refurbishments and investment in
‘our proprietary technology that will support the next
stages of growth across both countries.

| would like to thank all our team members, suppliers,
landlords, partners and investors for their support and
contributions to delivering yet another outstanding year,
and | look forward to sharing in our continued success.

Potor Boddy
Non-Executive Chairman
17 December 2023

O&A

with Peter

We ask Chairman Peter Boddy about his highlights
of FY2023 and ambitions for the coming year.

What has made you most proud this year? Qa How much room is there for further growth?
\ say it every year, but without a doubt our team members We have strong growth ambitions, both in the UK and
continue to make me most proud. Their hard work has led A Canada. The pace in the UK will continue as it has for the
to this outstanding performance and | am pleased that last few years. In Canada, the situation is slightly different
they are able to share in our success through generous as it is still a very fragmented and under-invested market.
performance-related bonuses. We have a strong pipeline of opportunities and the priority
A great deal of thisis also down to the efforts of our is to pick our locations wisely and make sure that whatever
7 we buy or build meets our strict returns hurdle rate.

People team who have worked tirelessly on training and

P " ‘ Overall, we plan to add an average of five new centres
development to build our talent pipeline as we continue to each year across the Grouy
grow. One big piece of work was to refresh our employer ¥ »
branding, which has had great success in communicating,
our employer value proposition and significantly a What are your priorities for the Group for
increasing the number of job applicants and attracting the future?
manager level candidates. Thereis verymuchasensethat ur biggest priority is to continue to stay relevant to our

we have entered a new phase in our corporate
development amongst our team members, and that we
are all pulling together towards the same purpose.

What are your key achievements in the year?
We launched our net zero strategy which will determine
environmental initiatives over the coming years. This was a
considerable undertaking as we want to ensure that the
goals we set are both realistic and achievable.

We have also achieved considerable progress in Canada
where we now have I! sites. What is particularly pleasing
is that the Canadian site that has undergone a UK-style
makeover, has performed well above expectations
since reopening

customers by offering affordable fun and safe, healthy
‘competition. The impact of the rising cost of living is
playing on many people's minds; therefore, it is important
that we keep offering high-quality experiences in great
environments with outstanding customer service, all the
while maintaining an affordable price point.

To do this we need to keep innovating and maintain our
entrepreneurial spirit throughout the business. We believe
in empowering all our people to make decisions and
innovate, and our very flat structure helps us to do that.
While our leadership team gives us direction and strategy,
itis the front-line team members that are the drivers of our
performance, so maintaining our unique corporate culture
and rewarding results is key.

Hollywood Bow! Group ple 9
Annual report and accounts 2023

ode, olZeye1S,

Record growth

Our growth story

The Group was formed with 41 centres in 2010 and Number of centres
over the following 13 years has significantly grown its Hollywood Bow!
presence in the markets it operates in. Puttstars
Splitsville
140
“ 66
120 We are confident that our unique blend

of inclusive leisure experiences provides
significant growth opportunities in the UK

110 - ”
and Canadian markets.’

100 Stephen Burns, Chief Executive Officer

90

80 Launoh of Puttstars

Group lists on Main UK mini-golf brand
Market of LSE
70 Acauisition of 11
e Bowiplex centres.
5 60 Group formed from the merger
of selected sites of the AMF 61
and Hollywood Bow! brands
60 54
40 43
4

30

20

10

fe}

FY2010 FY2016 FY2016 FY2020

1 O Hollywood Bow! Group pic
Annual report and accounts 2023