A

RESILIERT

AND

ADAPTABLE

<

4

a

rd

Z

Fry *AAOFOOVUF

= BG 17/03/2021 #280

COMPANIES HOUSE

hollywood bowl
group plc

ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2020

OUR PURPOSE

Bringing families and friends together for affordable fun and safe, healthy competition.

Hollywood Bow! Group is the UK's largest ten-pin bowling operator. We have 64 centres
across the UK, each equipped with an average of 24 bowling lanes (or three mini-golf
courses), a licensed bar, a diner and an amusements zone featuring the latest games

designed to keep everyone entertained.

Overview of estate and
new centre pipeline

CURRENTLY

NEW OPENINGS BY END
OF F¥2024

WE OPERATE A HIGH-QUALITY PORTFOLIO OF WELL-LOCATED CENTRES AND
HAVE A STRONG NEW CENTRE PIPELINE TO 2024
Our centres are typically co-located with cinema and casual dining restaurants,
in large, high-footfall, edge of town leisure and retail developments.

CONTENTS

STRATEGIC REPORT

Chairman's statement 2
CEO's review 4
COVID-19 response 8
Market review 10
Our business model 2
Our stakeholders 4
Section 172 16
Our strategic objectives 8
Key financial

performance indicators 24
Principal risks 26
Going Concern and Viability
statement 30
Finance review 32
Sustainability report 38
GOVERNANCE

Chairman's introduction 43
Board of Directors 44

Corporate Governance report 46
Report of the

Nomination Committee 51
Report of the Audit Committee 53
Report of the Remuneration
Committee 57
Directors’ Remuneration Policy 60
Annual report on remuneration 63

Directors’ Report n
Statement of Directors’
responsibilities 74

Independent auditor's report 75

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Consolidated income
statement and statement

of comprehensive income 84
Consolidated statement

of financial position 85
Consolidated statement

of changes in equity 86
Consolidated statement

of cash flows 87
Notes to the Financial
Statements 88
Company statement

of financial position 2
Company statement

‘of changes in equity 113
Company statement

of cash flows 113
Notes to the Company

Financial Statements na
Company information ng

ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2020

FIBANCIAL SUMMARY

LFE REVENUE GROWTH’ REVENUE
04% t/9.oM
2018 +5.5% 2019: £129.9M

TOTAL AVERAGE SPEND PER GAME’ PROFIT AFTER TAX

F015 FAM

201: £9.64 2019: £22.3M
OPERATING PROFIT MARGIN GROUP ADJUSTED EBITDA’

12.4% £14.0M

2018 21.9% 2019: £38.2M
DIVIDENDS SINCE IPO EARNINGS PER SHARE

£47./M 0.90 PENCE

2019: 14.86 PENCE
1 Definitions for these measures are in the key performance indicators section (pages 24 and 25).
Management believe providing these specific financial highlights gives valuable supplemental
detail regarding the Group's results, consistent with how management evaluate the Group's
performance. A reconciliation between Group adjusted EBITDA (pre IFRS 16) and statutory
operating profit is provided on page 34.

OPERATIONAL SUMMARY

Customer-focused strategy and ongoing rollout of new initiatives underpinned

excellent H1 pre-COVID performance

* Three Hollywood Bowl refurbishments completed

* Three new Puttstars centres and one new Hollywood Bowl centre successfully opened,
bringing the total estate to 64

* Continued rollout of new scoring system ~ now in 44 centres

+ ‘Pins on strings’ now in 18 centres

+* Positive results from extension of dynamic pricing, enhanced amusement offering and
increased performance from digital channels

Significant challenges both operationally and financially during H2 effectively dealt with

by management with strong trading in the intervening period between lockdowns

All centres closed on 20 March following government directive, with cost-reduction

plans implemented to minimise cash outflows during closure period

* Management acted quickly and effectively to support the welfare of team members
and customers

%* Business re-engineered to emerge from the crisis with a strong balance sheet following

equity placing, landlord negotiations and increased revolving credit facility
* Renewed focus on sales, service and safety superiority

The Group led the sector response with the development of COVID-secure operating
guidelines for safe reopening and ‘new normal’ innovation
* 98% of estate safely reopened in the summer (Wales, 4 August; England, 15 August;
Scotland, 24 August) with excellent customer feedback for new operating measures
* Trading exceeded expectations with cash positive months in August and September
* Strong balance sheet and strong cash generation continue to underpin our
business model

GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

RESP

CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT

A DYNAMIC

INSE TOA

HALLENGING YEAR

My Chairman's Statement last year
concluded with this paragraph: “! look
forward to the year ahead with great
enthusiasmn and optimism. We are well
placed to increase shareholder value
through the continued execution of our
customer-led strategy, planned effective
investment and our highly motivated
and engaged team? .

Without our highly motivated and engaged
team, the year that unfolded could have
been significantly worse. | would like to
thank the entire team, in particular the
senior leadership team of Darryl, Mel, Mat,
Laurence and Stephen, for their outstanding

Peter Bodily

NON-EXECUTIVE CHAIRMAN

Read biography
‘on page 44

efforts in the face of extremely challenging
and testing circumstances.

‘The year can be divided into three distinct
parts: normal trading, total closure and then
finally reopening and trading with COVID-
secure measures and restrictions.

The first five months of the financial year
delivered strong financial and operational
performance with the continued execution
of our customer-led strategy, delivering
returns from product innovations,

New centre openings and the ongoing
refurbishment programme. At that point,
revenue was up 12.5 per cent and like-for-
like revenue was up 9.4 per cent.

The second five months of the year took
us into unprecedented territory, with a total
national lockdown. The immediate priorities
of tearn member welfare and liquidity
were uppermost in the thoughts of the
senior leadership team. A combination

of a capital raise through the issue and
sale of 7.5m shares and the securing of

a £10m revolving credit facility (RCF) under
the Coronavirus Large Business interruption
Loan Scheme (CLBILS), plus the low level of
net debt present in the Group, created good
protection for our medium-term viability.

The Group received further government
support under the Coronavirus Job
Retention Scheme (CURS) as it furloughed
986 per cent of the total team. This brought
the payroll to a manageable level and the
remaining team members proved their
remarkable adaptability by putting their
‘can-do’ approach into action in taking on

a wider range of duties, including ensuring all
centres were COVID-secure prior to opening.

Through the proactive, direct approach to
our landlords, we secured agreements that
protected our rent position with the majority
of our landlords.

The period of closure was put to good use.
We used it as an opportunity to take a good
look at the business, allowing us to push
forward several important projects. We also
successfully reviewed our operational
structure and agreed processes to ensure
that when we reopened, we would hit the
ground running with all the required safety
measures in place.

Reopening has not been without its
challenges. Notwithstanding the significant
delay to restrictions being lifted for bowling,
and the disappointment at the false start,
our comprehensive planning enabled

us to reopen successfully.

HOLLYWOOD BOWL GROUP PLC

We continue to put our efforts into
engagement with the Department of
Digital, Culture, Media & Sport (DCMS)
and the Treasury to extend the VAT
reduction available to the leisure sector,
to bowling operators. We see this as
crucial in ensuring a level playing field
for leisure operators.

Since reopening with our comprehensive
COVID-secure measures, performance
to 30 September 2020 exceeded our
expectations ~ trading at 66 per cent
of prior year revenué levels. However,
the introduction of tiered COVID alert
systems in England and Scotland has
created further customer confusion
which had an impact on trading.

We continue to proactively communicate
with customers on a location-by-location
basis to keep them up to date and,
where possible, to reassure them that
we are open. Despite all these challenges,
we are able to report the Group was
cash positive for the final two months
of F¥2020 and first month of FY2021,
prior to the November lockdown.

We have learned more since reopening
about how we can operate safely within
a COVID-secure environment for our
customers and team members, while
finding new ways to increase capacity
and open more lanes. We continue to
listen to customers and team members
to adapt, test and trial new ideas - some
of which will be rolled out before the end
of 2020 based on the excellent feedback
we have had.

Despite the pandemic, for the year

under review, we reported a profit of
£1.4m. In line with previous announcements,
we have suspended all dividend payments
until such time that we return to trading
levels which allow us to confidently
reintroduce them.

Despite the disjointed nature of the

year, we have adhered to our strategy
and continued to invest in, and develop,
both our teams and our assets. The most
significant development was the opening
of the three Puttstars mini-golf centres,

in Leeds, York and Rochdale. | am pleased
to report that despite the pandemic, the
centres have traded in line with pre-
COVID expectations. We are excited about
the future opportunity for Puttstars and
are already exploring additional sites

for expansion

We also opened a new bowling centre in

York. This centre is particularly exciting
for us, It contains all of our latest digital

ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2020

developments - screens and scoring,
including enhanced VIP lanes, demonstrating
that there is still opportunity to innovate and
develop the customer offer. The new centre
is co-located with a Puttstars, which will
give us further insight into potential future
co-locations.

‘Our refurbishment programme continues,
too. Although our overall refurbishment
spend in FY2020 was lower than we

had planned as a result of the pandemic,
significant investments were made at
Crawley, Sheffield and Watford Woodside.
These centres now have an inspiring
contemporary feel and have also been
repurposed for additional machines and/or
additional lanes by combining the bar and
diner, refinements which also create more
space and efficiencies for the customer.
In addition to these refurbishments, we have
rebranded Carlisle from AMF to Hollywood
Bowl which has had a very positive impact
‘on the customer experience.

Investment continues with ‘Pins on strings’
and the upgrade of the scoring system.

Both investments deliver tangible benefits
to the customer, through performance and
simplicity of use, and ongoing returns for the
Group. This level of sustained investment in
the existing portfolio of centres underpins
our future performance and reinforces the

” benefits of adopting and executing a clearly

defined strategy.

This year has been dominated by COVID-19,
the unprecedented impact it has had on
the hospitality and leisure sector, and the
challenges that we have had to deal with.
Throughout this whole period, | remain
impressed and inspired by the resilience
and adaptability of the wider team within
our Group. This was best illustrated by the
manner in which we reopened our centres
and recommenced trading in August in such
an efficient and positive way, with so many
examples of a ‘can do’ attitude and ‘above
and beyond’ personal performance.

And whilst at the time of writing we are not
yet able to operate all of our centres due to
the government tiered restrictions, | firmly
believe that the spirit and enthusiasm of
our people makes us well placed to move
forward and rediscover the success that has
become synonymous with Hollywood Bowl.

PETER BODDY
NON-EXECUTIVE CHAIRMAN

OUR INVESTMENT
CASE

MARKET-LEADING OPERATOR
VETH NATIONAL SCALE

With 64 centres, Hollywood Bowl
Group operates a high-quality, well-
invested estate led by an experienced
management team

CUSTOMER-FOCUSED
Revitalising ten-pin bowling and
indoor mini-golf experiences,

and driving engagement levels

and revenue through strong
customer-focused insight, product
innovation and continuous
operational improvement

CORE FOCUS ON TEAM AND
COLTURE

Our customer-focused culture
promotes consistent behaviours
and attitudes from the best people,
attracted, retained and nurtured
through talent management and
incentive programmes

DIVERSIFIED REVENUE
STREAMS

We offer a complete entertainment.
experience for our customers.
Bowling and mini-golf accounts for
half of Group revenue - amusements,
food and drink make up the other half

MULTIPLE LEVERS TO DRIVE
FURTHER GROWTH

Strong returns and excellent
customer feedback through ongoing
refurbishments and customer
innovations. A strong new centre
pipeline is backed by a disciplined
and rigorous site selection process
for both bowling locations and the
new Puttstars mini-golf brand

MARKET OPPORTUNITY
Current ten-pin bowling and mini-
golf penetration, usage rates and
price position in the competitive
socialising and leisure sectors
support future expansion and
organic growth when the impact
of COVID-19 diminishes

RESILIENT AND ADAPTABLE
BUSINESS

Consistent historical strong financial
performance and returns, driven

by an ongoing capital investment
programme, unrelenting focus

‘on the customer experience and

the ability to adapt decisively to
market conditions

GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

CEO'S REVIEW

DELIVERING ON

R STRATEGY
SPONSIBLY

OPERATIONAL AND FINANCIAL
HIGHLIGHTS

% Pre-COVID trading ahead of expectations
with significant cash generation
Rapid lockdown of the estate, following
UK government announcement;
All centres closed on 20 March 2020;
Cost-reduction plans implemented to
minimise cash outflows during closure
* Strengthened balance sheet with equity
placing completed, net proceeds of
£10.5m and £10m CLBILS secured
Development of COVID-secure operating
protocols in preparation for the reopening
of the estate during August
Skphen Bums * Majority of centres reopened, with

significant capacity restrictions,
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER immediately following the lifting of local
restrictions (Wales, 4 August; England,
bl asia 15 August; Scotland, 24 August)

* Revenues from 15 August to
30 September were 66 per cent of prior
year on a like-for-like basis (LFL), with full
year profit of £1.4m
Cash flow positive in August, September
and October 2020
* Net debt of £8.7m at 30 September
2020; liquidity of £31.8m.

* Four new centres opened in FY2020

OU
RE

*

+

*

*

AVERAGE SPEND PER GAME

FY2021 OUTLOOK
* Centre reopenings in line with the
. regional tier system restrictions

* Qi completion of rollout of new
2019: £9.64 (+5.3%) innovative COVID-secure measures

CHIEF EXECUTIVE'S REVIEW
LIKE-FOR-LIKE REVENUE ‘The COVID-i9 pandemic forced the closure
of the entire Hollywood Bow Group estate
0 on 20 March 2020 and we were one of the
+ 0 few sectors to remain closed through to
. mid-August, resulting in nearly five months

of lost revenue, The Group entered the global
2019: +5.5%

HOLLYWOOD BOWL GROUP PLC

crisis in a strong financial position following
a successful trading period over the first
half of the financial year. We have always
maintained a prudent approach to financing
a strategy that proved to be the right one
when we entered the crisis with a low
leverage with net debt of £14.6m and net
debt: Group adjusted EBITDA (pre IFRS 16)
of 0.38x at 31 March 2020.

With no possibility of online trading,
takeaway offer or any clear idea as to

how long we would be required to remain
closed, we needed to act quickly and
decisively as a team to protect and bolster
the balance sheet. The prolonged period of
closure meant zero revenue which resulted
in avery challenging time, even for a healthy
business such as ours. In response, we made
significant operating cost reductions and
central cost savings, negotiated hard with
our landlords, and secured increased liquidity
with a new £10m RCF under CLBILS and
£10.5m net proceeds via an equity placing.

Once we had secured financial stability

for a sustained period of closure, we led the
sector in developing the operational protocols
required to reopen the centres. With reduced
capacity, the team resourcing, marketing

and technology requirements also needed
reworking and refining, ensuring that the
business reopened with sales, service and
safety superiority as the core objectives.

OUR RESPONSE TO COVID-19

Our immediate focus at the onset of the
pandemic was on securing our properties
and reassuring our team, a team | would
like to take this opportunity to thank for their
incredible hard work and dedication over
the course of the last 12 months. One of the
g00d things about running a business that can
see unexpected disruptions to trade due to
extreme weather, is our tried, tested and well-
practised ability to make significant changes
to our operating model at short notice.

Prior to the government making any
announcements, we monitored what

was happening in the countries that were
ahead of the UK curve, and started planning
for the inevitable lockdown. On 16 March,
when the social distancing measures were
first introduced, we already had a detailed
plan of how we would operate within the
guidelines and had trained our team on how
to implement the measures. When the full
closure was announced, we put phase two
of our plan in motion. This phase included
an itemnised closedown procedure that could
be reversed later for a smooth reopening.
We quickly ‘turned off’ all discretionary
spending and acted to preserve and

raise cash,

ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2020

WE HAVE ALWAYS MAINTAINED
A PRUDENT APPROACK TO
FINANCING: THAT STRATEGY
PROVED TO BE THE RIGHT
ONE WHEN WE ENTERED
THE CRISIS WITH A LOW
LEVERAGED BALANCE SHEET.

We were grateful for the swift response by
government and made full use of the CURS.
We chose to pay all our team full pay for
the first four weeks of lockdown and paid
our salaried tears and management
trainees full pay to the end of May, with some
enforced holiday to relieve the post-opening
burden. We also put in place a plan for salary
cuts and deferrals from July, including for
executive and non-executive directors, in
preparation for a potentially longer lockdown
period, giving our team the certainty and
clarity they needed to plan their finances.

Refurbishments and new build work were
paused and we reviewed all planned projects,
prioritising capital spend on projects that
guaranteed payback.

We took the decision to pay the March rent
quarter in full and to engage early with our
landlords in order to agree to defer and, or,
waive payments during the period of closure.

The cash flow benefit of these agreements
resulted in a cash saving of £6.7m in the year
to 30 September 2020, of which £2.1m is
waived and not due for repayrnent.

We further strengthened the balance sheet
by raising £10.5m (net proceeds) from a five
per cent equity placing and are grateful for
the support shown by our shareholders in this
capital raise. At the same time, we added a
£10m extension to our debt facility through an
RCF using CLBILS - which remains undrawn.

OPERATIONAL AND STRATEGIC
PROGRESS

The results for FY2020 were substantially
impacted by the five months of closure.
Revenues were £79.5m, down 38.8 per cent
on last year and Group adjusted EBITDA

pre IFRS 16, was £140m (FY2019: £38.2m)
These figures are despite delivering a fantastic
performance over the first half of FY2020,
before the COVID-19 crisis, with all revenue
lines in LFL growth compared to the same
period last year, spend per game up and
Group adjusted EBITDA pre IFRS 16 up

21 per cent, to £21.6m.

The business resumed trading during August,
under the new.COVID-secure guidelines,
with significant restrictions to capacity
and opening hours. Encouragingly, during
the final few weeks of the summer school
holidays, we had far more demand than
we could accommodate. Trading over the
final weeks of FY2020 was at 66 per cent
of prior year on a LFL basis. This was in
spite of the restrictions noted, as well as the
10:00pm curfew, rule of six and tier system,
all introduced during September 2020.

While the pandemic stopped us trading,
it did not stop us innovating - we executed
elements of our strategy to improve the
quality of the estate and the experience
we offer our customers.

Once construction teams were permitted
back on site, during June 2020, we completed
the refurbishment of our Crawley centre,
which included adding two extra lanes as
well as relocating the diner to allow expansion
of the amusement area We also refurbished
and rebranded the AMF Carlisle centre in time
for reopening. We took the opportunity that
lockdown presented to continue the rollout
of ‘Pins on strings, installing the technology

in three centres during June and July, adding
to the four installations completed during

the first half.

savennanee]

l

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

We also did not stop at refurbishments and
the rebrand, We opened four new centres -
‘one Hollywood Bow in York and three new
Puttstars centres. York's Hollywood Bowl

is located in the new leisure extension to
the successful Vangarde Way retail scheme,
co-located with our Puttstars, a Cineworld
cinema and multiple restaurants. The 28,000
square feet centre has 24 lanes, opened on
18 August 2020 and is tradingin line with the
rest of the estate.

We had originally planned to further develop
the new opening Puttstars pipeline, but the
pandemic has impacted a number of property
developers which has slowed negotiations.
Three new openings have been delayed, with
the schemes in Swindon and Colchester now
under review. With the changes to the retail
landscape and availability of space, we believe
there will be new opportunities to backfill

the pipeline and remain confident that from
FY2022, we will be able to open an average

of two new centres per year in line with our
stated strategy.

SUCCESSFUL LAUNCH OF NEW
PUTTSTARS MINI-GOLF BRAND

We are very proud of having opened our new
Puttstars concept during FY2020. The three
centres were carefully chosen to ensure a
robust test of the concept and reflect the
different types of property location available
for a rollout once the trials proved successful.

Puttstars Leeds opened first. tt is a key
leisure anchor, alongside an Odeon Luxe and
PureGym, in the new Springs retail and leisure
development adjacent to Junction 46 of the
M1 at Thorpe Park Puttstars Leeds which
‘occupies 21,000 square feet over two floors,
opened its doors just before the national
lockdown and reopened during July.

Puttstars Rochdale is sited in a new leisure
extension to the Riverside development,
immediately beneath a new cinema and close
to severat restaurants. The centre occupies
18,000 square feet, all on one level and
‘opened for trade in early August.

Our third centre is co-located with the new
Hollywood Bow in York. Like Rochdale, it
occupies 18,000 square feet and is on the
floor above the bowling centre.

Early trading has been encouraging, with
all three centres performing in line with our
expectations. The bespoke scoring system,
gamification and digital journey combine
with an affordable price to offer a unique
leisure experience that appeals to a wide
demographic. Customer feedback has been
overwhelmingly positive and we are very
excited about the long-term opportunities
the brand presents.

CEO'S REVIEW
CONTINUED

SUSTAINABILITY

Despite these challenging times, managing
‘our business in a sustainable manner remains
a key element of our culture and strategy.

Our customers benefit from our unique
offering of affordable, inclusive fun which
allows for quality social engagement and
has been essential in our communities as
we have started to emerge from blanket
lockdowns. Our ongoing team engagement
and feedback programmes have been vital
during the periods of closure and we have
maintained strong focus on team wellbeing.

We are always looking for ways to minirmise
the impact of our operations on the
environment and finished our second solar
installation in Bentley Bridge with further
centres planned for the future. In our
refurbishment and new centre openings there
is increased focus on the use of sustainable
construction supplies and we are making
progress towards meeting our 70% recycling
target by the end of FY2021.

OUTLOOK

The Hollywood Bowl Group is uniquely
positioned. Offering a safe, fantastic
value-for-money experience to a wide
demographic, the business is resilient in

a recession, well capitalised and ready to
take full advantage of the opportunities that
may present themselves after the pandemic.

lam proud of the way our team has

risen to the challenge of creating a safe
environment which allows our customers

to enjoy the same fun-filled experiences
with us. The strong demand for bookings
following the opening in August 2020, is.

very encouraging and the feedback we have
received on our new COVID-secure operations
has been excellent. We continue to explore
new ways of working to increase our capacity
at peak times whilst maintaining a safe and
compliant environment. Despite the ongoing
uncertainty presented by Lockdown 2.0 and
the introduction of variable regional opening
restrictions, which have meant we are unable
to open centres located in the highest

tiers, we remain confident in the continued
demand for a family focused, value for-money
and enjoyable experience.

The longer-term strategy remains unchanged:
‘our high-quality, well-invested estate is
primed for growth; the property landscape

is changing: the tenant mix is becoming
more leisure focused; and we believe our
customers will prioritise their leisure pound
‘on all-inclusive, value-for-money, family
entertainment experiences.

STEPHEN BURNS
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

IN CONVERSATION WITH

STEPHEN BURNS, CEO

LAURENCE KEEN, CFO

HOLLYWOOD BOWL GROUP PLE

q The pandemic has overshadowed
everyone's year. What has been its biggest
challenge for Hollywood Bowl?

SB We'd had a really strong start to
the year and although we understood it
was necessary at the time, the hardest
thing, without a doubt, was closing our
doors with no idea as to when we might
be able to reopen them. We could see the
lockdown coming and had prepared for it,
but | don’t think any of us expected that
our centres would have to remain closed
for nearly five months. We were delighted
to reopen again to happy team members,
and our customers enjoying having a

safe and fun environment to relax in

with their families.

q When do you expect performance to
recover to pre-COVID levels?

LK Although we remain optimistic for
a gradual return to more recognisable
market conditions in 2021, it is too

soon to make forecasts. We have

been very encouraged by trading after
reopening in August and by the strength
of demand from customers, albeit we
have been operating at reduced capacity
in compliance with the COVID-secure
measures. However, we have learned

a great deal more about how we can
maintain a safe space for our customers
while increasing our capacity and we
have invested in rolling out new safety
measures across our centres, including
lane dividers installed in all of our centres
by December. These will enable us to
better fulfil customer demand as our
centres reopen in line with the regional
tiered system following the second
national lockdown in November.

ft] Your team have never seen a year
like it. How have they responded to
the challenges?

SB Brilliantly! I'd like to thank each and
every one of our team for their individual
and collective efforts. We've said many
times before that our team are core to
our success and this is truer today than
ever before. Team members have p

---

The Board gave notice that no interim
dividend was to be paid for H1 FY2020 and
the Group agreed an extended RCF, which
combined with the relaxing of covenants

16 JULY
DCMS approve sector COVID-seoue operating guidelines
folowing sigticant engagement

28 JULY
4 Cenlre teams unfuroughed and centres prepared for
1 August reopening

31 JULY
“+ Withless than 24 hours'natie, government delays reopening
by two weeks

ANNUAL REPORT ANO ACCOUNTS 2020

and the five per cent equity placing
strengthened the liquidity position.

Utilising government schemes including
rates and VAT Time to Pay, resulted in cash
savings of £5.9m for FY2020.

CENTRE REOPENING

~ A ROBUST STRATEGY

The Group was instrumental in developing
the government-approved COVID-secure
guidelines for the sector, working with the
sector trade body and DCMS. importantly,
the internal size of our centres provides the
required space to adhere to the sector, and
wider hospitality sector, guidelines.

Using the guidelines, which included
reducing customer capacity in the centres,
we initially adapted our customer journey to
include only using alternate lanes/golf holes/
amusement machines, pre-booking only

for peak periods, queue control measures,
increased distance between bar and diner
tables, and a new visual guidance campaign
~ ‘Have Fun ~ Play Safe’ - to educate
customers about our social distancing
protocols and to encourage customers to
follow them

In addition, comprehensive safety, cleaning
and operational protocols were introduced
along with daily health monitoring for team
members. We reduced our food and drink
menu (also available as pre-booked options)
to simplify operational detivery whilst
protecting margin. To attract customers

and inform them about our new COVID-
secure measures, we established a relaunch
marketing programme that included

digital advertising, customer relationship

AUGUST - DECEMBER

4 AUGUST
% Centres in Wales reopen at 50% capacity

15 AUGUST

management (CRM) campaigns and website
pre-visit information.

The Group successfully reopened its bowling
centres, excluding those: subject to local
restrictions, in August. Initial trading to

30 September 2020 exceeded expectations
at 66 per cent of prior year revenue, with
restricted capacity, 10:00pm curfews,
localised lockdowns and smaller group
sizes impacting this performance.

Despite the challenging environment, we
have experienced strong customer demand,
at levels similar to last year for holiday

and weekend periods, and the majority of
centres have traded at rnaximum capacity
levels (as permitted by government
guidance) with the Group being cash
positive for both August and September.

The positive feedback from returning
customers has been very encouraging,
particularly regarding the new safety
measures. The Group continues to listen
closely to its customers and teams to adapt,
test and trial further new operating initiatives
such as full height lane dividers to mitigate
centre capacity restrictions, with the primary
priority of ensuring customers and team
members continue to feel safe. The Group
intends to roll out a number of these new
COVID-secure initiatives estate-wide before
the end of November 2020.

Read more on:
Principal Risks on pages 26 - 29
Going concern and viability statement

on pages 30 and 31
21 SEPTEMBER
+ Additional year added to banking facilities (Lo September 2022)
23 OCTOBER

> Wilshcentres clase under national lockdown measures
(reopened 9 November)

2 NOVEMBER
%* Scottish centres close under new tier system

S NOVEMBER
+ Engish centres lose unde national lockdown (reopened
2 December in Ter 1 and 2}

4 Contes in ngland eopen at 50% capacity Signtcant media

presence achieved forthe brand including national TV
interviews forthe reopening weekend

24 AUGUST
‘% Cenives in Satland reopen at 50% capacity

1 SEPTEMBER

* Lane divider and other capacity-increasing measures trialled

GOVERNANCE |

f

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

AS THE CLEAR LEADER
IN BOTH TEN-PIN
BOWLING AND

THE COMPETITIVE
SOCIALISING MARKET,
HOLLYWOOD BOWL
GROUP IS BEST
PLACED TO CAPITALISE
ON THE GROWTH
OPPORTUNITIES IN
BOTH SECTORS WHEN
WE EMERGE FROM THE
COVID-19 CRISIS

TEN-PIN BOWLING
CENTRES:
Hollywood Bowl Group “
‘Ten Entertainment Group 4s
ur "
Disco Bowl 8
Namco 7
MFA 6
Independents/others ma

MARKET REVIEW

STRONG LEVELS OF HISTORICAL
GROWTH

EMERGENCE OF COMPETITIVE
SOCIALISING

The opportunity
The ten-pin bowling market forms a small,
but historically fast-growing, part of the
UK's increasingly diverse ‘out of home’
leisure sector, offering a competitively
priced experience and broad customer
appeal It is estimated that the UK ten-pin
bowling market was worth £311m! in 2018,

As with the wider UK leisure market,
growth in ten-pin bowling (prior to the
COVvID-19 pandemic) was driven by
macroeconomic factors, as well as the
spending shift towards experiential leisure.

The opportunity
An important trend supporting the recent
growth in the leisure sector is that consumers
are increasingly preferring to share
experiences with friends, families and
colleagues rather than spend money

on material items.

Participation and social competition
are important elements of social capital.
We have seen this shaping how consumers
allocate their discretionary budget and
leisure time as they seek to create more
enjoyment in life and more fun-filled
memories to share, with each other

and on social media.

Our response
Hollywood Bowl Group has driven much
of the historical market growth through
its investment in reinvigorating customer
engagement through digital platforms,
refocusing the bowling proposition
towards family leisure, improving ancillary
product offerings and driving operating
and service improvements.

We have led corporate consolidation
in the sector and made significant
investments, primarily in the
refurbishment of existing centres
and, in no small part, in the opening
of new centres.

Our response

The ‘competitive socialising market’ rapidly
evolved due to strong consumer appetite for
unique and challenging experiences, including
updated takes on traditional activities such as
bowling, mini-golf, table te