Growing through
investment in
the customer
experience

Hollywood Bowl Group ple

Company number

f rime

We continuously invest
in the customer experience

Our unique purpose-led culture and proven customer-driven

investment strategy is enabling us to further develop our
market-leading position and capitalise on the growth opportunities

in the territories we operate in.

Strategic report

Highlights
Strategic roadmap
Investment case
Ataglance
‘Chair's statement
Growth

2 Ourmarkets

onan-

8s

Chief Executive Officer's review
Our culture

Business model

Strategy and KPIs,

Chief Financial Officer's review
Section 172

Stakeholder engagement
Sustainability overview

TCFD

74 Risk management

78 Principal risks

80 Going concer and viability statement

81 Non-financial and sustainability
information statement

ZEGRSSRBG

Governance report

82 Chairs introduction to governance
84. Board of Directors

86 Corporate governance report

93. Report of the Nomination Committee
99 Report of the Audit Committee

104 Report of the Corporate
Responsibility Committee

105 Report of the Remuneration Committee
108 Directors’ Remuneration Policy

119. Annual report on remuneration

128 Directors’ report

131 Statement of Directors’ responsibilities

Financial statements

183 Independent auditor's report

141 Consolidated income statement and
statement of comprehensive income

142. Consolidated statement of financial position
143 Consolidated statement of changes in equity
144 Consolidated statement of cash ows

146. Notes to the financial statements

172 Company statement of financial position

173 Company statement of changes in equity
173. Company statement of cash flows

174 Notes to the Company financial statements
180 Company information

Highlights

Financial
performance

Revenue Total revenue growth LFL revenue growth! Total average spend
2%, per game
.
2024 2204 roe 7a 2026 02 2028 1108
2023 216.4 2023 110 m3 48 2023 1082
2022 1937 2022 1695 2022 203 2022 10.88
Group adjusted EBITDA’ Profit after tax Adjusted profit aftertax' | Earnings per share
£876m £29.9m £32.3m = 17.42p
2024 ore 2024 209 2024 323 2024 wae
2023 e27 2023 342 2073 368 2023 1992
2022 7s 2002 76 2022 204 2022 2191
Adjusted eamings Total ordinary dividend Net cash 1 Definitions for these measures are in
; the key performance indicators section
Pershare! per share (pages 98 and 37). A reconciiation
between key adjusted and statutory
18.82p 1206p £287m ==
s Ld . altemative performance measures, is
provided in tho Ohief Financial Officer's
2024 18.82 2028 12.06 2028 287 review (pages 38 to 42). Management
2023 ast 2023 nat 2023 528 eee woah peesabie
2022 23.07 2022 11.63 2022 56.1 ‘supplemental detail regarding the
Grovpis results, consistent with how
‘management and investors evaluate
tho Group's performance.
Canadian growth Career development Energy saving

Find out how we are utilising our proven
Group operating model to develop our
business in Canada

Read more on pages 16 to 19

Find out how our training and development
programmes are delivering career
opportunities for our team members.

Read more on pages 62to 53

Find out how we are installing solar panels
and energy-efficient technology to reduce
our carbon footprint.

Read more on pages 64 to 65

Hollywood Bowl Group ple |

Annual report and accounts 2024

ode o1387e41g,

Strategic roadmap

Our collective purpose drives us

We bring families and friends together to enjoy
affordable fun and safe, healthy competition.

Our strategy...
Driving revenue Active asset New centres and Focus on International
growth refurbishment acquisitions our people expansion

Read more on pages 30 to 36

is underpinned by our commitment to sustainable growth...

Safe and inclusive Outstanding Sustainable
leisure destinations workplaces centres
Read more on pages 48 to 69

and strong market fundamentals...

UK Canada
Rise of competitive Retail and leisure Under investment Sector
socialising combining in the sector consolidation
Read more on page 16 Read more on page 19

enabling us to create value for our stakeholders

Continually enhancing Building energetic and Maintaining the support
our customers’ engaging teams who of our investors to help
experience through share our values and are us grow the business
service excellence, and proud to be part of and consistently
innovative products our culture deliver returns
and technology

Read more on pages 28 to29

9 Hollywood Bowl Group ple
Annual report and accounts 2024

Investment case

investment case

Hollywood Bowl Group is the UK’s established market leader with national
scale and the second largest operator of ten-pin bowling centres globally:
We operate a high-quality, well-invested estate with diverse revenue streams
and multiple growth levers, including our expansion into Canada.

Clear strategy and

market-leading position

As the leader in the UK ten-pin bowling and
competitive socialising markets, and the Canadian
ten-pin bowling market, we are well positioned to
capitalise on the available growth opportunities.

Read more on pages 30 to 36

Strong customer proposition
Our centres provide fun and safe environments for
customers. We continually enhance their experience
through a focus on feedback insights, service
excellence, and innovative products and technology.

Read moro on pages 12 to 19

People and leadership

Our highly motivated and engaged operational teams
deliver customer-focused experiences, led by a stable
and experienced management team committed to
sustainable growth

Read more on pages 26 to 27

New centre growth pipeline
Alongside our ongoing centre refurbishment programme,
we are targeting more new centres for our Hollywood
Bow and Splitsville brands, supported by our rigorous
and disciplined location selection process.

Read more on page 33

Highly cash generative with
strong liquidity

By driving revenues, achieving healthy margins, and
maintaining a strong balance sheet, we continue to invest
appropriately in enhancing and scaling our business.

Read more on pages 141 to 178

Centres added to the Group estate in FY2024.

10%

UK net promoter score.

Our UK high-quality employee experience rating
from WorkL.

130

Target of total Group centres by the end of FY2035.

£28.7m

Net cash at year end.

Hollywood Bow! Group plc 3

Annual report and accounts 2024

odes oereg

Ataglance

Market leading

entertainment experiences

We are market leaders in the UK and Canada in the inclusive competitive socialising activity
of ten-pin bowling.

Our centres feature bowling lanes, a licensed bar, a diner, and an amusement zone with the
latest games to ensure that everyone is entertained. We continuously enhance our
customers’ experience through a focus on responding to customer insights, delivering
service excellence, and offering innovative products and technology.

Canada

13

Canada’s largest ten-pin Centres

bowling operator

Our fast-growing Canadian family
entertainment brand with high-quality
centres located in standalone locations, or
co-located with mixed retail or leisure units.

Read more on pages 16 to 19

Splitsville centres
(including Stoked)

Central support office

4 Hollywood Bow! Group ple
Annual report and accounts 2024

UK

The UK’s competitive socialising
market leader

Our long-established ten-pin bowling brand
with high-quality centres co-located with
mixed retail or leisure units

Read more on pages 12to 15

Hollywood Bowl centres.
(including mini-golf centres)

Central support office

72

Centres

Hollywood Bow! Group ple
Annual report and accounts 2024

5

odes o8aye13g

Chair's statement

Another year of

record performance

Our performance is testament
to the dedication of our team
members and proof of their hard
work in delivering outstanding
customer experiences.”

Peter Boddy, Non-Executive Chair

Read full biography on page 84

6 Hollywood Bow! Group plo
Annual report and accounts 2024

Hollywood Bowl Group has had another successful
year, delivering further revenue growth and making
excellent strategic progress, enhancing the quality
of our estate and expanding our footprint in the UK
and Canada.

The successful execution of our growth strategy, underpinned
by our customer-focused, value-for-money proposition, is
strengthening our position as a market-leader in both the ten-pin
bowling market and the wider competitive socialising market.

Group revenue grew by 71 per cent to £230.4m and 0.2 per cent on
aLFL basis, as we achieved another year of record revenues, in ine
with expectations, against the very strong prior year comparative
and previous two years of exceptional growth. Our continued focus
on operational excellence and customer experience supported our
growth in Group adjusted EBITDA to £87,6m and delivered profit after
tax of £209m.

The strong performance in FY2024 is a testament to the continued
dedication of our team members and proof of their hard work in
delivering outstanding customer experiences, as demonstrated by
our record customer satisfaction levels achieved during the year.

We made further progress in our ESG strategy and our collective
efforts to embed a sustainable and responsible approach across all
of our operations are a real source of pride.

FY2024 was a year of further investments supporting the Groups
growth strategy, including the record ongoing investment into our
‘existing assets and growing our estate, supported by our strong
liquidity. We have invested more than £50m into the estate in the
past year, maintaining the current centres, continuing to roll out Pins
on Strings, opening and acquiring new centres as well as completing
12 refurbishments across the UK and Canada. We added eight
centres to our estate during the year, bringing our total to 85, with
72 in the UK and 13 in Canada.

We have also continued to invest in technology to support our next
stage of growth, and in July launched a new modern and flexible
reservation platform. The system has been rolled out in the UK with
excellent results including improved usability, reliability, speed and
reduced operational costs. Already being piloted, we will be rolling
this system out in our Canadian operations in FY2026.

Further growth in the UK

UK families continue to face cost of living challenges, and against
that backdrop, delivering high-quality experiences that can be
‘enjoyed for great value is even more important. Our resilience to
inflationary pressures means that we have been able to keep our
prices affordable, a family of four being able to enjoy a game of
bowling with us for under £26. Our bowling prices in the UK rose by
just 20 pence in FY2024, well below inflation, to an average of £7.15
for adults and £6.21 for children, and with food, drink and amusement
price increases also kept low, meaning that, in real terms, it was
cheaper than the previous year for our customers to enjoy an outing
to Hollywood Bowl.

UK LFL performance was driven by increased spend per game in all
areas of the business and an overall spend per game increase of

33 per cent. Game volumes declined marginally, primarily as a result
of the difference in trading conditions compared to FY2023 when
unseasonal weather conditions during key trading periods drove
people indoors, compounded by the impact of a summer of major
sporting events in FY2024.

We are constantly innovating and improving our customer experience,
trialling new initiatives which, if successful, are introduced to our centres
as part of our ongoing refurbishment programme. We completed ten
UK centre refurbishments in the year, some of which are now
entering their second or third-generation cycle. We continue to
deliver impressive returns on investment for all generations of
refurbishments as well as receiving excellent customer feedback.

We have continued to grow our UK estate, adding four centres
during the year, including one acquisition, Lincoln Bowl, which
has since been rebranded and refurbished and is trading in line
with expectations.

Excellent progress in Canada

‘Our Canadian business continues to go from strength to strength.
Since entering the market in May 2022, through the acquisition of
Splitsville and its five centres, we have more than doubled the size
of our estate to 13 centres. In FY2024, we added four new centres
through the three acquisitions and opening of our first new,
state-of-the-art development in Waterloo, Ontario.

The refurbishment programmes progressing well and we completed
two during the year, leveraging our customer-led operating expertise,
technology and brand experience from the UK. We continue to test
and seek feedback when developing new ways to evolve the offer for
customersin Canada, allowing us to attract a wider customer base.
We have so far transferred four UK team members to Canada,
demonstrating the importance we place on the sharing of
knowledge between our UK and Canadian teams.

Group centres
(FY2023: 79)

70

UK net promoter score in FY2024

Hollywood Bowl Group ple 7

‘Annual report and accounts 2024

pode o1deye13g

Chair's statement continued

Excellent progress in Canada continued

Splitsville is already the largest single branded operator in the
territory and, as the market remains under-invested and highly
fragmented, we are excited about the significant opportunity to
grow and add value to the Splitsville business, We have a pipeline
of acquisition opportunities and new development centres and by
the end of FY2025, we expect to have tripled our original size.

Capital allocation policy

Given our financial position and cash balance at year end, the Board
is pleased to declare a final ordinary dividend of 8.08 pence per
share in line with our capital allocation policy of 55 per cent of
adjusted profit after tax. Together with the interim dividend of

3.98 pence per share, this represents 211 per cent growth in the
ordinary dividend compared to the prior year. Total shareholder
returns for FY2024 will amount to £20.7m.

Social and environmental responsibility

We are progressing with our environmental and social agenda, with
oversight from the Corporate Responsibility Committee which we
established in FY2023. To support our wider pathway to achieving net
zero, we installed more solar panels in our centres, with 42 per cent of
‘our UK estate now fitted with nearly 16,000 solar panels, providing
clean energy to our centres and reducing our reliance on bought-in
energy and exposure to energy prices. We have also made progress
with our waste recycling levels, our responsible construction
approach and our supplier engagement programme. Furthermore,
we have also begun to introduce our sustainability strategy to our
Canadian operations and have set targets for FY2025.

Our people are our most important asset and are critical to our
‘customers receiving a consistently high-quality experience in our
centres. We are proud to support all our team members through our
industry-leading training and development programmes, as well as
financially through comprehensive bonus and incentive schemes.
We have made further progress through our updated employer brand
which was relaunched last year, enabling us to attract the best talent
but also to give our team members the opportunity to progress and
develop their careers. Our UK operation has a low staff turnover rate
compared to the wider hospitality sector, and we are delighted that
58 per cent of management appointments in FY2024 were filled by
internal talent. The efforts of our people team were recognised once
again, as the Group was named one of The UK's Best Big Companies
to Work For.

We were pleased to continue to support the communities where we
operate, including increasing the number of concessionary discount
games played to over Im and breaking our charity fundraising target
for our partner Macmillan by raising £85 000.

8 Hollywood Bow! Group ple
Annual report and accounts 2024

Board changes

Nick Backhouse, who served as the Group's Senior Independent
Director (SID), retired by rotation from the Board at the Annual
General Meeting (AGM) in January 2024, Consequently, Rachel
Addison, appointed to the Board in July 2023, has stepped up as
‘SID and also taken on the position of Chair of the Audit Committee.

Inline with the Group's succession planning, | too will be retiring by
rotation from the Board after ten years as Non-Executive Chairman,
Chair of the Nomination Committee and member of the Corporate
Responsibility Committee at the AGM in January 2025.

Darren Shapland has been appointed as an independent
Non-Executive Director and Chair Designate, as well as a member
of the Nomination and Corporate Responsibility Committees,
effective 1 December 2024. Darren brings extensive experience
from his 40-year career in retail and consumer businesses and |
am confident he is the right person to lead the Board as the Group
enters its next stage of growth.

lam very proud of the Group's many achievements since | joined in
2014, up to and including its inclusion in the FTSE 250 in March
2024, and look forward to following the Group's continued growth.

Long-term growth
Our continued strong performance demonstrates the robust
demand for fun, affordable, family-friendly leisure activities.

We remain resilient to inflationary pressures with over 70 per cent
of Group revenue not subject to cost-of-goods inflation, enabling us
to continue to meet this demand while reinforcing our reputation for
delivering high-quality, great value-for-money experiences.

The new measures announced by the UK Government in the
October Budget will disproportionately impact the hospitality
industry as a result of the significantly increased employment costs
for a sector powered by people. Even with these new changes,
Hollywood Bowl remains well positioned for future growth and to
mitigate the significantly increased labour costs while keeping our
bowling offer affordable for our customers.

The Group has a successful, proven strategy focused on growing
and improving the quality of the estate in the UK and Canada, and
enhancing the customer experience. The highly cash generative
nature of the business and strength of our balance sheet mean that
we are well placed to pursue opportunities to invest in our future
growth and meet our target of 130 centres by 2035, whilst continuing
to make returns to shareholders.

I would like to take the opportunity in this, my final Annual Report
‘as Chairman, to thank every team member and my fellow Board
members, past and present, for ten memorable and exciting years.
also wish to thank the many and varying stakeholders for the
support and contributions they have made over the past ten years.
Ithas been a privilege to serve as the Group's Chairman.

Hollywood Bowl Group has a very promising future, and | wish it
every success.

Peter Boddy
Non-Executive Chair
16 December 2024

Q&A

with Peter

What were the key achievements in the year?

Our teams have once again delivered an outstanding
performance. Even after two years of exceptional
performances, underpinned by favourable trading
conditions, we have continued to again drive performance
from within our centres, without relying on price-led
growth, keeping the customer experience at the heart of
everything we do. This is largely due to the dedication and
hard work of our team members which is evidenced by the
positive customer feedback and record service levels
achieved in the year.

‘As agateway employer, the fact that Hollywood Bowl
has one of the lowest staff turnover rates in our industry
is a continual source of pride, asis the quality of our
recruitment, training and talent development
programmes. This year saw 68 per cent of management
appointments filled by internal talent, as well as some of
our UK team members taking on new roles in our
Canadian business.

What have been your highlights in your ten
years as Chairman of the Board?

There are too many to count! It has been a pleasure
working with such fantastic people over the past ten years.
At the time of the IPO in 2016, | said that | firmly believed
that Hollywood Bowl Group had a very promising future.
How true that was. There have been many challenges
along the way, not least a global pandemic, but | am proud
of the way we have consistently risen to the occasion and
emerged in a stronger position.

We ask Chair Peter Boddy about
his highlights of FY2024 and future
ambitions for the Group

‘Since the IPO, we have grown the Group estate from 54

to 85 centres, all the while continuing to innovate and
enhance our customer experience, creating value for both
institutional and employee shareholders. Entering Canada,
our first international steps, was a significant milestone for
the business and it is exciting to see the Group at the early
stages of its growth potential in this market.

Finally, spending time on the lanes and enjoying some
friendly competition with colleagues, investors and my
‘own family has been a major advantage of this role,
meeting our teams and getting to witness first hand our
amazing customer offer.

Where would you like to see the business in ten
years time?

'look forward to seeing the business continually evolve
and innovate its customer proposition, and grow the size
of the estate. Already the market leader in the UK and
Canada, the Group is well positioned to meet its growth
targets of at least 130 centres in those two markets, which
would be a significant achievement.

There may be opportunities to develop the business in
new ways, perhaps in new countries with attractive market
dynamics and returns potential. | am confident that the
Board will continue to weigh up ainy potential risks and
maintain its prudent approach. However, for now, the
Group has plenty of work to do in the UK and Canada.

Hollywood Bow! Group ple 9
Annual report and accounts 2024

odes o1Z9}e41¢

Growth

Our growth story

The Group was created in 2010 with
41 UK ten-pin bowling centres. It has
since significantly grown its presence
and scale in the UK market and, more
recently, in the Canadian market.

Launch of Puttstars
mini-golf brand

2020
Centres
Merger of selected AMF and
Hollywood Bowl centres
2010
2021
2016 Launch of Group
sustainability strategy
Acquisition of 11 Bowlplex
locations (rebranded to Estate investment continues
Hollywood Bowl) growing the during COVID-19 closure

estate to 54 centres

Group lists on LSE Main Market

£240m

Market capitalisation

10