BETA Close X Hollywood Bowl Group plc reported a strong first half of fiscal year 2026, with total revenue reaching £141.5 million, a 9.5% increase over the prior year, driven by robust demand for affordable family leisure. UK revenue grew 9.4% to £118.4 million, while Canadian revenue increased 12.8% on a constant currency basis to CAD 42.9 million (£23.2 million). Like-for-like revenue saw a 1.9% uplift, with the UK up 2.6% and Canada up 0.5% on a constant currency basis. The company maintained disciplined cost management, with 76% of electricity needs hedged until FY2029, and continued strategic expansion, opening one new Canadian centre and planning three more in the second half. Capital expenditure of £8.6 million was invested in estate enhancements, and the Group ended the period with £26.0 million in net cash and an undrawn £25 million credit facility. Disclaimer* Hollywood Bowl Group plc 15 April 2026 Hollywood Bowl Group plc ("Hollywood Bowl" or the "Group") Half Year Trading Update & Notice of Results CONTINUED GROWTH DRIVEN BY STRATEGIC INVESTMENT, UNDERPINNED BY STRONG DEMAND FOR FAMILY-FRIENDLY, AFFORDABLE LEISURE ACTIVITIES Hollywood Bowl Group, operator of the UK's and Canada's largest ten-pin bowling brands, announces a trading update for the six months ended 31 March 2026. Strong revenue growth · Strong revenue growth to £141.5m, up 9.5% compared to H1 FY2025 · UK total revenue up 9.4% on H1 FY2025, to £118.4m · Canada revenue up 12.8% on a constant currency basis 1 , to CAD 42.9m (£23.2m) · Like-for-like (LFL) 2 revenue growth of +1.9% o UK LFL: +2.6% o Canada LFL: +0.5%, on a constant currency basis ​ Costs well controlled · Continued track record of disciplined cost management · High Gross margins make the business well-insulated against inflationary pressures · 76% of the Group's total electricity needs are hedged until end of FY2029, including 12% provided from on-site solar 3 Continued strategic progress · Opened a new prime location in Edmonton, Canada in H1, trading well · Group estate currently stands at 77 UK and 16 Canadian centres · Two new UK centres and one Canadian centre due to open in H2 · Strong new centre pipeline for FY2027 and beyond Disciplined capital allocation · Robust balance sheet provides significant capital flexibility and supports growth strategy · £8.6m capex invested in estate expansion, refurbishments and centre enhancements · Net cash position at 31 March 2026 of £26.0m with undrawn £25m revolving credit facility The Group remains confident in the outlook for FY2026 and beyond Stephen Burns, Chief Executive Officer, said: "The benefits of the investments made throughout the UK and Canadian estate, combined with proactive demand generation initiatives and disciplined cost management, are reflected in our strong H1 performance. Demand for high-quality, family leisure activities that offer great value for money also remains resilient in both territories, and our cash generative business model allows us to invest where we see opportunities and deliver profitable growth." Notice of Results Hollywood Bowl will report its Interim Results on Wednesday 27 th May 2026. 1. When reviewing in Canadian Dollars (CAD) to allow for the disaggregation of foreign currency effect. Canada revenue includes Striker Bowling Solutions (bowling equipment supply and maintenance) and bowling centres. 2. Like-for-like (LFL) revenue growth is total revenue excluding any new centres and closed centres. New centres are included in the LFL revenue after they complete the calendar anniversary of their opening date. Closed centres are excluded for the full financial year in which they were closed. LFL revenues exclude revenues from the Canadian Striker business which operates as a wholesaler and installer of bowling equipment and spare parts. Prior to FY2026 LFL revenue included the Canadian Striker business. We now consider it is appropriate to exclude the Canadian Striker business from LFL revenue in order to provide a clearer understanding of the underlying performance of our centres. 3.On an annualised basis in FY2026. Enquiries: Hollywood Bowl Group plc - Via Headland Stephen Burns, Chief Executive Officer Antony Smith, Chief Financial Officer Mat Hart, Group Business Development Director Headland Rosh Field / Antonia Pollock hollywoodbowl@headlandconsultancy.com +44 (0)20 3805 4822 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Hollywood Bowl Group (BOWL) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 4 minutes ago Roadside Real Estate 1 hour ago Taseko Mines Limited NPV (DI) 1 hour ago Taseko Mines Limited NPV (DI) 1 hour ago Xeros Technology Group 1 hour ago Plus500 Ltd (DI) All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and