Disclaimer* Hollywood Bowl Group plc 25 September 2026 25 September 2026 Hollywood Bowl Group plc (the "Company") Directorate Change Hollywood Bowl Group, operator of the UK's and Canada's largest ten-pin bowling brands , is pleased to announce that Simon Dodd will be appointed as an independent Non-Executive Director of the Company, and as a member of the Audit and Remuneration Committees, effective 1 November 2026. Simon has more than 20 years' experience in senior operational, marketing, and commercial roles across the pub and brewing sector. He is currently Chief Executive of Young & Co.'s Brewery plc, a role he has held since 2022. Simon was previously Chief Operating Officer of Young's, responsible for the Group's managed house operations, including marketing. Before joining Young's, he was an Executive Director at Fuller, Smith & Turner plc, and Managing Director of its beer company, having earlier served as Operations Director of its City pubs division. Prior to Fuller's, Simon was Chief Operating Officer and Commercial Director at Orchid Pub Company. Darren Shapland, Chair of the Company, said: "We are delighted to welcome Simon to the Board. His extensive hospitality leadership and operational experience will further strengthen the Board and provide valuable insight as we continue to support the Group's ambitious growth plans." Other than as set out above, there are no matters to declare under paragraph 6.4.8R of the UK Listing Rules. Enquiries: Hollywood Bowl Group plc - Via Headland Stephen Burns, Chief Executive Officer Antony Smith, Chief Financial Officer Mat Hart, Group Business Development Director Headland Rosh Field / Antonia Pollock hollywoodbowl@headlandconsultancy.com +44 (0)20 3805 4822 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Hollywood Bowl Group (BOWL) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 5 minutes ago Jardine Matheson Holdings Ltd (Singapore Reg) 33 minutes ago Symphony International Holdings Ltd. 1 hour ago First Property Group 3 hours ago Trufin 3 hours ago Trekor Metals Limited All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and