BETA Close X Hollywood Bowl Group plc has initiated a share buyback programme, entering into non-discretionary agreements with Investec and Berenberg to purchase up to £5 million of its ordinary shares, excluding associated costs and stamp duty. This programme, commencing immediately and concluding by 30 September 2026, reflects the company's strong cash generation and balance sheet, aiming to reduce share capital by cancelling purchased shares. The buyback is conducted independently by the appointed firms within pre-set parameters and regulatory guidelines, aligning with the Group's capital allocation policy to return excess capital to shareholders while continuing business investment. Disclaimer* Hollywood Bowl Group plc 01 July 2026 1 July 2026 Hollywood Bowl Group plc ("Hollywood Bowl", the "Company" or the "Group") Share Buyback Programme Further to the Company's half year announcement on 27 May 2026, Hollywood Bowl announces today that it has entered into non-discretionary agreements with Investec and Berenberg to purchase, in aggregate, up to £5 million (excluding any associated costs and stamp duty) of the Company's Ordinary Shares of 1 pence each (the "Shares") and to make trading decisions under the Share Buyback independently of the Company in accordance with certain pre-set parameters. The Share Buyback Programme will commence today and end no later than 30 September 2026. The Share Buyback Programme reflects the Group's highly cash generative business model and strong balance sheet. In line with Group's capital allocation policy, the Board believes that a share buyback is an attractive way in which to return excess capital to shareholders while also continuing to invest in growing the business. The purpose of the Share Buyback Programme is to reduce the share capital of the Company. As such, the Company will cancel any shares purchased. This arrangement is in accordance with Chapter 9 of the UK Listing Rules and the Group's general authority to repurchase ordinary shares. The Share Buyback Programme will be conducted within the parameters prescribed by the Market Abuse Regulation 596/2014, the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1052 (both as incorporated into UK domestic law by the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 and as amended by the Market Abuse (Amendment) (EU Exit) Regulations 2019) and with regard to regulatory technical standards for the conditions applicable to buy-back programmes and stabilisation measures. During any closed periods, the Company and its directors have no power to invoke any changes to the programme, and it will be executed at the sole discretion of Investec and Berenberg, as appropriate. Enquiries: Hollywood Bowl Group PLC Via Headland Stephen Burns, Chief Executive Officer Antony Smith, Chief Financial Officer Mat Hart, Group Business Development Director Headland hollywoodbowl@headlandconsultancy.com Rosh Field / Antonia Pollock +44 (0)20 3805 4822 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Hollywood Bowl Group (BOWL) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 3 minutes ago Tharisa (DI) 1 hour ago PayPoint 1 hour ago Tritax Big Box Reit 1 hour ago Rockfire Resources 1 hour ago Sirius Real Estate Ltd. All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and