Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 41 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 66 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 67 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 139 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 139 Item 9B. Other Information 139 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 140 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 141 Item 11. Executive Compensation 141 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 141 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 142 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 142 PART IV Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 143 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 149 Signatures 150 Table of Conte n t Statements This Annual Report on Form 10-K, including “Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” in Item 7, contains statements within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements involve risks, uncertainties, and assumptions. If the risks or uncertainties ever materialize or the assumptions prove incorrect, the results of Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company and its consolidated subsidiaries (“Hewlett Packard Enterprise”) may differ materially from those expressed or implied by such statements and assumptions. The words “believe,” “expect,” “anticipate,” “intend,” “will,” “estimates,” “may,” “likely,” “could,” “should” and similar expressions are intended to identify such statements. All statements other than statements of historical fact are statements that could be deemed statements, including but not limited to any anticipated financial or operational benefits associated with the segment realignment that became effective as of the beginning of the first quarter of fiscal 2024; any projections, estimations or expectations of addressable markets and their sizes, revenue (including annualized revenue ), margins, expenses (including compensation expenses), investments, effective tax rates, interest rates, the impact of tax law changes and related guidance and regulations, net earnings, net earnings per share, cash flows, liquidity and capital resources, inventory, goodwill, impairment charges, hedges and derivatives and related offsets, order backlog, benefit plan funding, deferred tax assets, share repurchases, currency exchange rates, repayments of debts including our debt securities, or other financial items; recent amendments to accounting guidance and any potential impacts on our financial reporting therefrom; any projections or estimations of orders, including orders; any statements of the plans, strategies, and objectives of management for future operations, as well as the execution and consummation of corporate transactions or contemplated acquisitions (including but not limited to our proposed acquisition of Juniper Networks, Inc.) and dispositions (including disposition of our H3C shares and the receipt of proceeds therefrom), research and development expenditures, and any resulting benefits, cost savings, charges, or revenue or profitability improvements; any statements concerning the expected development, performance, market share, or competitive performance relating to products or services; any statements concerning technological and market trends, the pace of technological innovation, and adoption of new technologies, including artificial intelligence-related and other products and services offered by Hewlett Packard Enterprise; any statements regarding current or future macroeconomic trends or events and the impact of those trends and events on Hewlett Packard Enterprise and our financial performance, including but not limited to supply chain dynamics, demand for our products and services, and access to liquidity, and our actions to mitigate such impacts to our business; the scope and duration of outbreaks, epidemics, pandemics, public health crises, the ongoing conflicts between Russia and Ukraine and in the Middle East and the relationship between China and the U.S., and our actions in response thereto, and their impacts on our business, operations, liquidity and capital resources, employees, customers, partners, supply chain, financial results, and the world economy; any statements regarding future regulatory trends and the resulting legal and reputational exposure, including but not limited to those relating to environmental, social, governance, cybersecurity, data privacy, and artificial intelligence issues; any statements regarding pending litigation, investigations, claims, or disputes; any statements of expectation or belief; and any statements of assumptions underlying any of the foregoing. Risks, uncertainties, and assumptions include the need to address the many challenges facing Hewlett Packard Enterprise's businesses; the competitive pressures faced by Hewlett Packard Enterprise's businesses; risks associated with executing Hewlett Packard Enterprise's strategy; the impact of macroeconomic and geopolitical trends and events, including but not limited to heightened global trade restrictions, the use and development of artificial intelligence and the events described above; the need to effectively manage suppliers and distribute Hewlett Packard Enterprise's products and services; the protection of Hewlett Packard Enterprise's intellectual property assets, including intellectual property licensed from third parties and intellectual property shared with its former parent; risks associated with Hewlett Packard Enterprise's international operations (including from public health crises, such as pandemics or epidemics, and geopolitical events, such as, but not limited to, those mentioned above); the development of and transition to new products and services and the enhancement of existing products and services to meet customer needs and respond to emerging technological trends; the execution of Hewlett Packard Enterprise’s ongoing transformation and mix shift of its portfolio of offerings; the execution and performance of contracts by Hewlett Packard Enterprise and its suppliers, customers, clients, and partners, including any impact thereon resulting from macroeconomic or geopolitical events, such as, but not limited to, those mentioned above; the prospect of a shutdown of the U.S. federal government; the hiring and retention of key employees; the execution, integration, consummation, and other risks associated with business combination, disposition, and investment transactions, including but not limited to the risks associated with the disposition of H3C shares and the receipt of proceeds therefrom and completion of our proposed acquisition of Juniper Networks, Inc. and our ability to integrate and implement our plans, forecasts, and other expectations with respect to the consolidated business; the impact of changes to privacy, cybersecurity, environmental, global trade, and other governmental regulations; changes in our product, lease, intellectual property, or real estate portfolio; the payment or of a dividend for any period; the efficacy of using , rather than GAAP, financial measures in business projections and planning; the judgments required in connection with determining certain financial metrics; utility of segment realignments; allowances for recovery of receivables and warranty obligations; provisions for, and resolution of, pending litigation, investigations, claims, and disputes; the impacts of tax law changes and related guidance or regulations; and other risks that are described herein, including but not limited to the items discussed in “Risk Factors” in Item 1A of Part I of this report and that are otherwise described or updated from time to time in Hewlett Packard Enterprise's Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and in other filings made with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Hewlett Packard Enterprise assumes no obligation and does not intend to update these statements, except as required by applicable law. 1 Table of Conte n t PART I ITEM 1. Business We are a global technology leader focused on developing intelligent solutions that allow customers to capture, analyze and act upon data seamlessly from edge to cloud. We enable customers to accelerate business outcomes by driving new business models, creating new customer and employee experiences, and increasing operational efficiency today and into the future. Our customers range from businesses to large global enterprises and governmental entities. Our legacy dates back to a partnership founded in 1939 by William R. Hewlett and David Packard, and we strive every day to uphold and enhance that legacy through our dedication to providing innovative technological solutions to our customers. We use the terms “Hewlett Packard Enterprise,” “HPE,” “the Company,” “we,” “us,” and “our” to refer to Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company. Our Strategy Over the last several years, new megatrends around edge, cloud, data, and artificial intelligence (“AI”) have emerged to shape customer expectations for enterprise technology. First, data at the edge is increasing exponentially, driven by the proliferation of devices that require secure connectivity to enable reliable digital experiences. Second, enterprises need a cloud experience everywhere to manage data and workloads wherever they live across a distributed enterprise. Third, data growth is creating countless new opportunities to generate meaningful business insights. Finally, HPE is seeing a significant technology shift as customers realize the fundamental potential of AI technology to deliver business transformation. In concert with these trends, enterprises are consuming their technology differently. Increasingly, customers want to digitally transform while preserving capital and eliminating operating expense by paying only for the information technology (“IT”) they use. The megatrends are ushering in changes to IT, including accelerating hybrid adoption. Customers across industry verticals are interested in unifying all the applications and data with a consistent cloud experience. Customers also want to better extract value from their growing stores of rapidly evolving data, knowing that actionable insights from data are critical to deliver business transformations. Data is becoming more unstructured, more , and more distributed. Frequently, data is siloed and spread across different IT systems, often trapped in critical legacy architecture. Many organizations cannot adequately gain insights from their data at the edge or face cloud migration challenges because of their legacy applications. Customers need a modernization approach across edge to data center to cloud. HPE has deployed an strategy that capitalizes on emergent megatrends and delivers a modernization approach for customers. Our vision to be the company has led us to innovate our solutions across networking connectivity, cloud, and data, delivered (“aaS”) through the HPE GreenLake cloud. We have shifted our mix of products and services, and how we deliver that mix to customers. HPE has evolved to a model, fueled by a portfolio richer in software and services. In hybrid cloud, we have redefined the cloud space by delivering an experience that is hybrid by design with our HPE GreenLake cloud as the centerpiece of our strategy; it accelerates IT transformation through a unified and experience that empowers customers to access, analyze, and extract value from their data across public clouds, data centers, colocation facilities, and at the edge. The AI market requires a modern and networking fabric as a core foundation to deliver a more efficient cloud, which we offer through our portfolio of networking solutions. Our server business supports both traditional servers and those meant to enable AI workloads with decades of infrastructure expertise, including technologies like direct liquid cooling that are powering some of our largest AI systems. Our Financial Services (“FS”) business complements our solution offerings by helping customers unlock financial capacity. We recognize the AI market will be driven by computational capability, workloads, and the need for specialized architecture; thus, we have been targeting, and continue to target three areas: supercomputing, AI infrastructure, and AI platform software. We seek to seize this AI market opportunity by innovating in networking, hybrid cloud and AI – which are all essential building blocks to deliver a unified technology experience. We believe that we are differentiated from our competition by our unique and compelling value proposition, which positions us to capture significant value from the growing AI market through our intellectual property portfolio, trusted expertise, and sustained market leadership in supercomputing. The pending acquisition of Juniper Networks, Inc. ("Juniper Networks") further supports the aforementioned strategies and enables us to execute on them. We believe this acquisition will accelerate our vision with a full networking IP stack: from silicon, to infrastructure, to the operating system, to security, to software and services, in a and AI- 2 Table of Conte n t driven approach. Furthermore, through this strategic acquisition, we seek to deliver secure, networking solutions, which will be foundational to delivering fully integrated hybrid cloud and AI solutions. Our Business Segments, Products and Services Our operations are organized into five reportable business segments: Server, Hybrid Cloud, Intelligent Edge, Financial Services, and Corporate Investments and Other. The class of similar product categories within each segment which accounted for more than 10% of our consolidated net revenue in each of the past three years was as follows: • Fiscal 2024 - Server products, Server services, Intelligent Edge products, Hybrid Cloud products • Fiscal 2023 - Server products, Intelligent Edge products, Server services, Hybrid Cloud products • Fiscal 2022 - Server products, Server services, Hybrid Cloud products, Intelligent Edge products The Company had two distributors which represented approximately 14% and 11% of the Company's total net revenue in fiscal 2024, primarily within the Intelligent Edge and Server segments. A summary of our net revenue, earnings from operations and assets for our segments can be found in Note 2, “Segment Information,” to our Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 of Part II. A discussion of certain factors potentially affecting our operations is set forth in Item 1A of Part I, “Risk Factors.” Server Our Server segment offerings consist of servers for computing and servers to deliver the high performance and value for demanding applications, and integrated systems comprised of software and hardware designed to address computing and supercomputing (including exascale applications), artificial intelligence, data analytics, and transaction processing workloads for government and commercial customers globally. This portfolio of products includes our secure and versatile HPE ProLiant Rack and Tower servers; HPE Synergy, a composable infrastructure for traditional and applications; HPE Scale Up Servers product lines for critical applications, including large enterprise software applications and data analytics platforms; HPE Edgeline servers; HPE Cray EX; HPE Cray XD (formerly known as HPE Apollo); and HPE NonStop. Server offerings also include operational and support services sold with systems and as standalone services. Hybrid Cloud The Hybrid Cloud segment offers a wide variety of and hybrid solutions across storage, private cloud and the infrastructure (“SaaS”) space. Storage includes data storage and data management offerings with the HPE Alletra Storage portfolio; unstructured data solutions and analytics for AI; data protection and archiving; and storage networking. It also includes intelligence with HPE InfoSight and HPE CloudPhysics. In private cloud, our Private Cloud Enterprise offerings include new offerings and capabilities for virtual machines, containers, and bare metal; a full suite of private cloud offerings that enable customers to or choose a fully managed experience. In fiscal 2024, we launched a new offering, Private Cloud AI, that captures the emerging enterprise model , retrieval augmented generation and inference markets for AI solutions. Private Cloud AI is fully integrated, standardized offer that has been with AI market leader Nvidia, with the goal to provide an out of the box solution for enterprise AI. This segment also provides private cloud with HPE GreenLake for Private Cloud Business Edition. Infrastructure software includes monitoring and observability for day two operations and beyond through our acquisition of OpsRamp and unified data access through our HPE Ezmeral Data Fabric and analytics suite, which helps move and transform data for use in AI and other applications. Hybrid Cloud segment also includes data lifecycle management and protection through our suite of offerings, including Zerto Disaster Recovery. Intelligent Edge The Intelligent Edge segment offers wired and wireless local area networks, campus, branch, and data center switching, , private and public cellular network software, network security, and associated services that enable secure connectivity for businesses of any size. The HPE Aruba Networking product portfolio includes hardware products such as access points, switches, and gateways. The HPE Aruba Networking software and services portfolio includes management, network management, network access control, networking, network security, analytics and assurance, location services software, private and public cellular core software, and professional and support services, as well as aaS and consumption models through the HPE GreenLake cloud for the Intelligent Edge portfolio of products. Intelligent Edge offerings are consolidated in the edge service platform, which takes a approach that provides customers with a unified framework to meet their connectivity, security, and financial needs across campus, branch, data center, and remote worker environments. Upon closing of the pending acquisition of Juniper Networks, we expect to offer an even more comprehensive portfolio of networking solutions. 3 Table of Conte n t Financial Services Financial Services (“FS”) provides flexible investment solutions, such as leasing, financing, IT consumption, utility programs, and asset management services for customers that facilitate unique technology deployment models and the acquisition of complete IT solutions, including hardware, software, and services from Hewlett Packard Enterprise and others. FS also supports financial solutions for flexible consumption models, such as the HPE GreenLake cloud. Corporate Investments and Other Corporate Investments and Other includes the Advisory and Professional Services business, which primarily offers consultative-led services, HPE and partner technology expertise and advice, implementation services as well as complex solution engagement capabilities; the Communications and Media Solutions business, which primarily offers software and related services to the telecommunications industry; and Hewlett Packard Labs, which is responsible for research and development. Our Strengths We believe that we possess a number of competitive advantages that distinguish us from our competitors, including: • strategy and solutions uniquely solve customer challenges. As data grows and evolves, enterprises become increasingly distributed, and customers realize the potential in AI technology, HPE’s strategy is uniquely designed to enable customers to securely access, control, and maximize the value of all their workloads and data assets to accelerate business outcomes. The HPE GreenLake cloud is an open, secure, fully integrated platform that brings a unified experience across the edge, data center, colocation, and cloud. It is automated and easy to consume with capacity available to scale up and down on demand. It offers true pay per use consumption so customers only pay for what they use, and they can have the entire hybrid cloud experience managed for them through our HPE Managed Services offerings. • Comprehensive portfolio. We have a distinctive and industry leading portfolio of solutions and capabilities to help accelerate our customers' digital transformations and help them capture the opportunity that AI presents for their businesses. We combine our infrastructure and services capabilities to provide what we believe is the strongest portfolio of enterprise solutions in the IT industry. Our ability to deliver a comprehensive IT strategy and connect our customers' data from edge to cloud, through our products and consulting and support services in a single package, is one of our principal differentiators. • Differentiated consumption-based IT solutions for a growing opportunity. Enterprises of all sizes are looking to digitally transform in order to develop applications, create actionable insights from their data, and drive business growth, but they face many challenges including lack of IT skills, limited budgets and options for financing, and lack of flexibility to choose the technology foundation that best meets their needs. Consumption-based IT offers solutions to these challenges by providing greater agility, which empowers people to shift from managing infrastructure to driving innovation by leveraging insights from their data, while also eliminating capital and operating expenses tied to infrastructure . HPE is distinctly differentiated in delivering a true consumption-based IT experience. • Open platforms. The world is shifting from centralized and closed approaches in large data centers to a future of centers of data everywhere, which are highly decentralized and distributed. This shift demands a unified cloud platform that can put the agility and intelligence close to customers’ data sources to create insights everywhere. We believe the cloud experience should be open and seamless across all our customers' clouds, rather than requiring customers to be locked into a cloud stack. • innovation roadmap and strong balance sheet. We have been in the technology and innovation business for over 80 years. Our vast intellectual property portfolio and global research and development capabilities are part of a broader innovation roadmap designed to help organizations take advantage of the expanding amount of data available and leverage the latest technology developments such as cloud, artificial intelligence, supercomputing, and cybersecurity to drive business transformations now and in the future. We also have a strong balance sheet and liquidity profile that provide the financial flexibility and speed to take advantage of acquisition opportunities. • Global distribution and partner ecosystem. We are experts in delivering innovative technological solutions to our customers in complex , , and/or environments. We have expansive capabilities, including a large ecosystem of channel partners, which enables us to market and deliver our product offerings to customers located virtually anywhere in the world. Our HPE GreenLake cloud provides open cloud application programming interfaces to our partners, enabling them to better offer their unique solutions to customers. 4 Table of Conte n t • Custom financial solutions. Through our FS segment, we help customers create investment capacity to accelerate their transformations by helping them free up capital, capture value from older assets, achieve sustainability goals, invest in new technologies aaS, and weather financial volatility. FS is also an enabler of our consumption-based IT models by helping spread our upfront solution costs over the duration of the customer contract. Through FS’ Technology Renewal Centers, we are helping customers achieve their own sustainability goals by refurbishing technology assets for reuse. • Experienced leadership team. Our management team has an extensive track record of performance and execution. We are led by our President and Chief Executive Officer, Antonio Neri, who has proven experience in developing transformative business models, building global brands, and driving sustained growth and expansion in the technology industry. Mr. Neri's experience includes more than 25 years combined at HPE and Company (“HP Co.”) in various leadership positions. Our senior management team has many years of experience in our industry and possesses extensive knowledge of and experience in the enterprise IT business and the markets in which we compete. Sales, Marketing, and Distribution We manage our business and report our financial results based on the segments described above. Our customers are organized by commercial and large enterprise groups, including business and public sector enterprises, and purchases of our products, solutions and services may be fulfilled directly by us or indirectly through a variety of partners, including: • resellers that sell our products and services, frequently with their own products or services, to targeted customer groups; • distribution partners that supply our solutions to resellers; • original equipment manufacturers (“OEMs”) that integrate our products and services with their own products and services, and sell the integrated solution; • independent software vendors that provide their clients with specialized software products and often assist us in selling our products and services to clients purchasing their products; • systems integrators that provide expertise in designing and implementing custom IT solutions and often partner with us to extend their expertise or influence the sale of our products and services; and • advisory firms that provide various levels of management and IT consulting, including some systems integration work, and typically partner with us on client solutions that require our unique products and services. The mix of our business conducted by direct sales or channel differs substantially by business and region. We believe that customer buying patterns and different regional market conditions require us to tailor our sales, marketing, and distribution efforts accordingly. We are focused on driving the depth and breadth of our coverage, in addition to identifying efficiencies and productivity gains, in both our direct and indirect businesses. This has resulted in a combined model, in which we have a direct sales presence in a number of countries, while we sell and deliver our products, solutions, and services through a model in the remaining countries. In those countries where we have a direct sales presence, we follow a bifurcated sales operational model with separate routes for , transactional hardware sales, on the one hand and for services and solutions, on the other hand. Also, we typically assign an account manager to manage relationships across our business with large enterprise customers as well as with large public sector accounts. The account manager is supported by a team of specialists with product and services expertise. For other customers, our businesses collaborate to manage relationships with commercial resellers targeting smaller accounts, both in the commercial and public sector space. Manufacturing and Materials We utilize a significant number of outsourced and contract manufacturers around the world to manufacture products that we design. The use of outsourced and contract manufacturers is intended to generate cost efficiencies and reduce time to market for our products as well as create manufacturing flexibility in our supply chain and processes. In some circumstances, OEMs produce products that we purchase and resell under our brand. In addition to our use of outsourced and contract manufacturers, we currently manufacture a limited number of finished products from components and subassemblies that we acquire from a wide range of vendors. Historically, we have utilized two primary methods of fulfilling demand for products: building products to order and configuring products to order. We build products to order to maximize manufacturing and logistics efficiencies by producing high volumes of basic product configurations. Alternatively, configuring products to order enables units to match a customer's particular hardware and software customization requirements. Our inventory management and distribution practices in both building products to order and configuring products to order seek to minimize inventory holding periods by taking delivery of the inventory and manufacturing shortly before the sale or distribution of products to our customers. 5 Table of Conte n t We purchase materials, supplies, and product subassemblies from a substantial number of vendors. For most of our products, we have existing alternate sources of supply or such alternate sources of supply are readily available. However, we do rely on suppliers for certain customized parts (although some of these sources have operations in multiple locations in the event of a disruption) and a disruption or loss of a supplier could delay production of some products. In some instances, our suppliers (e.g., Intel and AMD as suppliers of certain x86 processors) are also the suppliers for the entire market; disruptions with these suppliers would result in dislocations and therefore would not disproportionately disadvantage us relative to our competitors. Like other participants in the IT industry, we ordinarily acquire materials and components through a combination of blanket and scheduled purchase orders to support our demand requirements for periods averaging 90 to 120 days. From time to time, we experience significant price volatility or supply constraints for certain components that are not available from multiple sources due to certain events taking place where our suppliers are geographically concentrated. When necessary, we are often able to obtain scarce components for somewhat higher prices on the open market, which may have an impact on our gross margin, but does not generally disrupt production. We also acquire component inventory in anticipation of supply constraints, or enter into pricing commitments with vendors to improve the priority, price, and availability of supply. See “Risk Factors” in Item 1A of Part I of this Annual Report on Form 10-K under the heading “We depend on suppliers, and our financial results could suffer if we fail to manage our supplier relationships properly.” We rely on proactive inventory buffering measures in order to position ourselves well for availability of those components. We intend to take additional inventory actions as appropriate in alignment to the market demand, and plan to continue leveraging strong partnerships and agreements with our suppliers. Backlog Backlog represents the price of orders related to current or prior periods for which work has not been performed or goods have not been delivered as of the reporting period. Orders reflected in backlog are subject to adjustment, including as a result of , cancellations and fulfillment issues, which may impact backlog. The adverse impact of the global pandemic on the supply chain has moderated, resulting in a more balanced environment and improved component availability. Challenges in global logistics have mostly normalized despite some uncertainty related to regional conflicts and port labor disputes. Our overall demand pipeline has improved since the beginning of fiscal 2024 as customers have been digesting through their inventory. Even though demand across our AI product portfolio, including for high performance graphics and accelerated processing units, continues to be somewhat uneven, due to the lumpiness of deals that can cause fluctuations , AI systems demand in the midst of persisting data center space availability constraints continued to drive significant AI backlog. The supply and demand environment for GPUs continues to remain uneven as the market navigates transition to next generation GPUs. These dynamics have resulted in our inventory levels being elevated as compared to the fiscal year ended October 31, 2023, and we are closely monitoring inventory levels as the market navigates a transition to GPUs. International Our products and services are available worldwide. We believe geographic diversity allows us to meet demand on a worldwide basis for our customers, draws on business and technical expertise from a worldwide workforce, provides stability to our operations, provides revenue streams that may offset geographic economic trends, and offers us an opportunity to access new markets for maturing products. A summary of our domestic and international results is set forth in Note 2, “Segment Information,” to our Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 of Part II. Approximately 64% of our overall net revenue in fiscal 2024 came from sales outside the United States. For a discussion of certain risks attendant to our international operations, see “Risk Factors” in Item 1A of Part I of this Annual Report on Form 10-K under the headings “Due to the international nature of our business, political or economic changes and the laws and regulatory regimes applying to international transactions or other factors could harm our future revenue, costs and expenses, and financial condition,” and “We are exposed to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates,” “Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure about Market Risk” in Item 7A of Part II, and Note 13, “Financial Instruments,” to our Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 of Part II. 6 Table of Conte n t Research and Development Innovation is a key element of our culture and critical to our success. Our research and development efforts (“R&D”) are focused on designing and developing products, services, and solutions that anticipate customers' changing needs and desires and emerging technological trends. Our efforts also are focused on identifying the areas where we believe we can make a unique contribution and where partnering with other leading technology companies will leverage our cost structure and maximize our customers' experiences. Expenditures for R&D were $2.2 billion in fiscal 2024, $2.3 billion fiscal 2023, and $2.0 billion in fiscal 2022. We anticipate that we will continue to have significant R&D expenditures in the future to support the design and development of innovative, products, services, and solutions to maintain and enhance our competitive position. Included in the R&D work currently taking place at the Company are the following initiatives: In Server, we are developing compute solutions that encompass servers, options, and software, integrating the latest industry technology and aligning with our customers' evolving needs. Furthermore, we are advancing our SaaS capabilities by creating , server management solutions to enhance our existing portfolio. In the high performance computing and AI sector, our investments are focused on pioneering leadership computing solutions that deliver superior performance and efficiency. These solutions feature leading edge silicon architectures, interconnects, advanced storage and innovative direct liquid cooling. Our R&D efforts in the realm of AI are particularly robust, with new server solutions designed for AI inference engines and integrated into larger HPE Private Cloud AI for inferencing, retrieval augmented generation, and model . model training and tuning, including natural language processing, large language models, and training for models with trillions of parameters are supported by our leading AI solutions. These efforts are bolstered by the development of computing tools, and scalable cluster management software, and transaction processing software, which have been instrumental in achieving our milestone of delivering the world's first exascale supercomputer. In Hybrid Cloud, we are investing in a comprehensive portfolio of storage and private cloud technologies and capabilities that are focused on enabling customers to transform through the power of data and AI, modernize their IT infrastructure and simplify hybrid operations, delivering a cloud operational experience via the HPE GreenLake cloud. We continue to invest in the storage portfolio aligned with the customers evolving data and AI needs. We have extended the deployment model from and to include cloud native deployments in Amazon Web Services. In private cloud, we are developing fully integrated offers that simplify management, operations and data protection, enables an like experience while addressing security, privacy, governance, and regulatory compliance needs. The investment includes airgapped/disconnected offers and offers for heavy data traffic and latency requirements at the edge. In the AI space, we have invested in building integrated systems with Nvidia that integrate HPE AI hardware and software technologies with Nvidia technologies to radically increase time to value of GenAI capabilities optimized for inferencing, retrieval augmented generation, and model . We have expanded our cloud observability and orchestration capabilities and virtualization options through the acquisitions of OpsRamp (observability) and Morpheus (orchestration), extending our ability to simplify IT complexity in and environments. Finally, we have been rapidly developing an hypervisor for virtual machines, along with the ability to manage applications using containerization, or specialized workload needs with bare metal as a service. In Intelligent Edge, we are investing in a broad portfolio of networking and security capabilities, addressing remote, branch, campus, data center, and cloud use cases. We are expanding our wireless access portfolio to include new (e.g., 7) and private cellular (4G, LTE, and 5G) products to complement our existing portfolio. We have expanded our security capabilities with last year’s acquisition of Secure Service Edge (“SSE”) provider Axis Security and delivering SSE, and integrating security with our wide area network (“ ”) capabilities to deliver a Secure Access Services Edge solution. In our Ethernet Switch portfolio, we are investing in new Data Center Networking platforms and features to expand our total addressable market to complement the campus and branch segment. We leverage the HPE GreenLake cloud to provide consistent access to our aaS capabilities and enable new business models, including . We also are investing in automation, machine learning, and network operations to optimize user experience and improve operator efficiency, as exemplified by our Aruba Central cloud service, which is expected to provide manageability across our entire portfolio, including Wireless LAN, Ethernet switching, , and security. In Hewlett Packard Labs, we are focused on disruptive innovation and applied research in collaboration with other HPE business groups to deliver differentiated intellectual property. Our innovation agenda is focused on developing technologies in the areas of system architecture, networking, AI, sustainability, , quantum computing, and sustainability. We also continue to invest in our silicon design capability to accelerate the development and delivery of our technology. 7 Table of Conte n t For a discussion of risks attendant to our R&D activities, see “Risk Factors” in Item 1A of Part I of this Annual Report on Form 10-K under the heading “If we cannot successfully execute our strategy, including offering our entire portfolio aaS, our business, operating results, and financial performance may suffer.” Patents Our general policy is to seek patent protection for those inventions likely to be incorporated into our products and services or where obtaining such proprietary rights will improve our competitive position. As of October 31, 2024, our worldwide patent portfolio included approximately 13,000 issued and pending patents. Patents generally have a term of up to 20 years from the date they are filed. As our patent portfolio has been built over time, the remaining terms of the individual patents across our patent portfolio vary. We believe that our patents and patent applications are important for maintaining the competitive differentiation of our products and services, enhancing our freedom of action to sell our products and services in markets in which we choose to participate, and maximizing our return on research and development investments. No single patent is in itself essential to our company as a whole or to any of our business segments. In addition to developing our patent portfolio, we license intellectual property from third parties as we deem appropriate. We have also granted and continue to grant to others licenses and other rights under our patents when we consider these arrangements to be in our interest. These license arrangements include a number of with third parties. For a discussion of risks attendant to intellectual property rights, see “Risk factors” in Item 1A of Part I of this Annual Report on Form 10-K under the headings “Our financial performance may suffer if we cannot continue to develop, license or enforce the intellectual property rights on which our businesses depend” and “Our products and services depend in part on intellectual property and technology licensed from third parties.” Seasonality From time to time, the markets in which we sell our products, services, and solutions experience weak economic conditions that may negatively affect sales. We experience some seasonal trends in the sale of our products and services. For example, European sales are often weaker in the summer months. See “Risk factors” in Item 1A of Part I of this Annual Report on Form 10-K under the heading “Our uneven sales cycle and supply chain disruptions make planning and inventory management difficult and future financial results less predictable.” Competition We have a broad technology portfolio of enterprise IT infrastructure products, solutions, and services which includes our aaS offerings. We encounter strong competition in all areas of our business. We compete primarily on the basis of technology, innovation, performance, price, quality, reliability, brand, reputation, distribution, range of products and services, ease of use of our products, account relationships, customer training, service and support, security, and the availability of our IT infrastructure offerings. The markets in which we compete are characterized by strong competition among major corporations with positions and a large number of new and rapidly growing firms. Most product life cycles are relatively short, and to remain competitive we must develop new products and services, continuously enhance our existing products and services and compete effectively on the basis of the factors listed above, among others. In addition, we compete with many of our current and potential partners, including OEMs that design, manufacture, and market their products under their own brand names. Our successful management of these competitive partner relationships is critical to our future success. Moreover, we anticipate that we will have to continue to adjust prices on many of our products and services to stay competitive. The competitive environments in which our segments operate are described below: Server business operates in the highly competitive enterprise data center infrastructure market and the markets for high performance supercomputing, analytics, and artificial intelligence infrastructure solutions, which are characterized by rapid and ongoing technological innovation. Our primary competitors in data center infrastructure are technology vendors, such as Dell Technologies Inc., Super Micro Computer, Inc., Cisco Systems, Inc., Lenovo Group Ltd. In certain regions, we also experience competition from local companies and from generically branded or “ ” manufacturers. Our primary competitors in high performance infrastructure include technology vendors that can design and build solutions that deliver performance scalability and connectivity necessary to handle and AI workloads, including Dell Technologies Inc., Super Micro Computer, Inc., Lenovo Group Ltd., Fujitsu Network Communications, Inc., and Atos Information Technology Incorporated. In our software platform for AI model development and deployment, we both compete and cooperate with cloud service providers and companies that deliver platforms for AI model training, tuning, and inferencing. Our strategy is to deliver superior products, technology support services, and differentiated 8 Table of Conte n t integrated solutions that combine our infrastructure, software, and services capabilities. Our competitive advantages include our broad solutions portfolio, supported by our strong intellectual property portfolio and research and development capabilities, coupled with our global reach and partner ecosystem. Hybrid Cloud is our private cloud services solutions business consisting of HPE’s GreenLake and Storage solutions, and associated private cloud software offerings. Hybrid cloud solutions enable HPE to take care of the infrastructure, so customers can focus on managing workloads and fostering innovation. Our primary competitors are other infrastructure and cloud management software technology vendors, such as Broadcom/VMware, Cisco Systems Inc., Dell Technologies Inc., IBM, NetApp Inc., Nutanix, and Pure Storage and public cloud vendors like Amazon Web Services, Google Cloud, and Microsoft Azure. Our strategy is to deliver a secure and scalable experience across any app or workload—traditional or . Intelligent Edge operates in the highly competitive networking and connectivity infrastructure market, which is characterized by rapid and ongoing technological innovation and price competition. Our primary competitors are technology vendors, such as Cisco Systems, Inc., Extreme Networks, Inc., Arista Networks Inc, Palo Alto Networks, Fortinet, Juniper Networks, Ruckus Networks, and Ubiquiti and vendors such as Nile and Meter. Our strategy is to deliver superior enterprise wired and wireless , and networking components and software, routing technology, technology support services, and differentiated integrated solutions that combine our infrastructure, software, and services capabilities. Our competitive advantage includes our broad solutions portfolio, supported by our strong intellectual property portfolio and research and development capabilities, coupled with our global reach and partner ecosystem. Financial Services. In our financing business, our primary competitors are captive financing companies, such as IBM Global Financing, Dell Financial Services, and Cisco Capital, as well as banks and other financial institutions. Our primary IT Asset Disposition (“ITAD”) competitors are ERI, Ingram Micro, Sage Sustainable Electronics, and Sims Recycling Solutions. We believe our competitive advantage over banks, other financial institutions, and ITAD providers is our ability to bring together our investment solutions with our expertise in managing technology assets. Not only are we able to deliver investment solutions that help customers create unique technology deployments based on specific business needs, but we also help them extract value from existing IT investments while more efficiently managing the retirement of those assets. All of these solutions can help customers accelerate digital transformation, create new budget streams, and meet Circular Economy objectives. For a discussion of certain risks attendant to these competitive environments, see “Risk factors” in Item 1A of Part I of this Annual Report on Form 10-K under the heading “We operate in an intensely competitive industry, and competitive pressures could harm our business and financial performance.” Human Capital Resources At HPE we are united by our purpose, which is to advance the way people live and work. We believe technology’s greatest promise lies in its potential for positive change. This is the guidepost for each decision we make at HPE. We believe it not only helps guide our contribution to society, but also makes good business sense. Our company strives to be an engine of innovation, and our approximately 61,000 employees as of October 31, 2024, are proud of the ways our technology enables our customers to achieve meaningful outcomes like curing disease, modernizing farming, addressing , and democratizing transportation through autonomous vehicles. Our Culture - We recognize the importance of talent and culture to the success of HPE and our ability to fulfill our purpose. We have identified four key cultural beliefs that guide how we lead on a daily basis: accelerating what’s next, bold moves, the “power of yes we can,” and being a force for good. We embed these beliefs in a DNA that puts customers first, enabling us to partner, innovate, and act with integrity. HPE has remained committed to its focus on internalizing these values into a vibrant culture that creates a superior team member experience and a highly engaged workforce, driving improvements across our communications, our reward programs, our talent/performance programs, and our work environment. Through such efforts, we aim to foster a collaborative, inclusive, and inspiring experience for all our team members and to make HPE a destination for talent while driving and growth opportunities for our team members, and innovation and excellence for our customers. In the midst of the above, we continually seek feedback from our team members to better understand and improve their experiences and identify opportunities to continually strengthen our culture. Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion - At HPE, we are committed to cultivating a diverse and inclusive workplace. By fostering a culture where our people can freely contribute their perspectives, ideas, and experiences, we can fuel innovation, drive transformational changes, and be a force for good by harnessing the potential of our technologies and our team members. In 2024, we continued to advance our global approach of enhancing the composition of our workforce, by selecting regional leaders responsible for engaging team members, core human resources professionals, business stakeholders, and external 9 Table of Conte n t partners to identify areas of focus to advance unconditional inclusion. We also expanded our voluntary, and confidential program, “Count me in. I belong!” from the US, Puerto Rico and the U.K, to include Mexico, Brazil, Costa Rica, Colombia and India for the first time. We continue to develop new and inclusive pipelines of talent in science, technology, engineering, and math (“STEM”) professions through our dedicated HPE STEM Discovery Program. This program equips and enables HPE team members to serve as STEM education and digital inclusion volunteers in their local communities, exposing learners to technology and raising awareness about careers in technology. The Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion Voice of the Workforce index within our annual global engagement survey continued to reveal strong engagement scores across our ethnically diverse and female team members. Our Board, Chief Executive Officer (“CEO”), and Executive Committee model high standards for our efforts to drive an unconditionally inclusive environment and oversee efforts throughout the Company leadership to continuously develop their inclusive leadership acumen. Talent - We are dedicated to attracting, developing, and retaining top talent through substantial investment. Our commitment extends to all career stages. We establish transparent goals, promote accountability, and continuously evaluate and nurture talent. About 95% of employees engaged in HPE’s “My Success Plan” program, which entails quarterly 1:1 conversations with leaders, centered on performance, progress, and career aspirations. The dynamic nature of our industry allows team members to thrive in their current roles while acquiring new skills. Over the past year, our approximately 61,000 team members completed over 821,000 online and courses across various categories, including leadership, inclusion and diversity, professional skills, technical training, and compliance. We are particularly focused on identifying and cultivating the next generation of exceptional leaders, emphasizing technical expertise. Our annual talent and succession review, conducted with our CEO and Executive Committee, aims to accelerate talent development, enhance succession pipelines, and improve diversity in our key positions. Pay Equity - We believe people should be paid equitably for what they do and how they do it, regardless of their gender, race, or other personal characteristics. We maintain policies to promote equal pay, and we regularly review our global pay practices with an aim to pay team members in similar roles and locations commensurately with their experience and responsibilities. We partner with independent experts to conduct annual pay assessments and identify unexplained gaps between our present state and our goal of equitable pay treatment for all team members. Where these reviews identify such gaps at a level, we adjust compensation to eliminate the gap. As a result of our efforts, our most recent pay equity review demonstrated that we have achieved pay parity for base compensation and bonus targets between male and female team members in the U.S. (including among underrepresented ethnicities), and a dozen additional countries throughout the world, when accounting for job title, , experience, and location. We conduct a number of compensation analyses in other countries to provide competitive and equitable pay. Work That Fits Your Life - This global initiative, which was launched in 2019, is an important example of how HPE is investing in our culture and creating a team member experience that aims to make HPE a destination of choice for the best talent in the industry. It includes an paid parental leave program (minimum 6 months), work opportunities for new parents or team members transitioning to retirement, and “Wellness Fridays” that allows team members a full Friday off four times per year to focus on their . The HPE Global Wellness Program is a comprehensive program that promotes overall health and by providing team members with programs and resources that offer flexibility built around team member needs while continuing to deliver on critical business results. The program consists of four pillars: physical health, financial , mental and emotional health, and community . Additionally, we offer a hybrid work environment for the majority of our team members, encouraging two days in the office per week for collaboration. Total Rewards - HPE requires a uniquely talented workforce and is committed to providing total rewards that are and performance based, designed to drive innovation and operational excellence. Our compensation programs, practices, and policies reflect our commitment to reward short- and performance that aligns with, and drives stockholder value. Total direct compensation is generally positioned within a competitive range of the market median, with differentiation based on tenure, skills, proficiency, and performance to attract and retain key talent. Board Oversight - Our Board of Directors oversees our human capital management strategy and programs. Our HR and Compensation Committee provides oversight of our human resources and workforce management programs, including but not limited to those related to corporate culture; compensation plans and policies; diversity and inclusion; and talent acquisition, development, and retention. HPE’s strong and healthy culture is critical to accelerating what’s next for our customers and partners – and the success of our company. We believe that a workforce that is energized and more engaged will fuel our ability to pivot and grow, which will, in turn, power the next chapter at Hewlett Packard Enterprise. 10 Table of Conte n t Environmental Sustainability Living Progress is our business strategy for creating sustainable and responsible IT solutions that meet the technology demands of the future, while advancing the way people live and work. Anchored to our offerings and bolstered by our sustainability credentials, our Living Progress strategy provides us with a competitive advantage in the market as we help our customers achieve not only their business objectives, but also their IT sustainability goals. A legacy of sustainability leadership supports talent acquisition and retention and enables ongoing access to global markets. The HPE Board of Directors, including through its committees, provides oversight of our Living Progress strategy, risks, practices, policies, and disclosures, to support integration with our core business strategy. Sustainability performance is a core business discipline within HPE. HPE aims to become a enterprise by 2040, with interim targets set across our value chain for 2030. These climate targets are approved by the Science Based Target initiative and align with the latest climate science. Our commitment is supported by our Roadmap, which defines the levers we plan to prioritize to enable us to deliver on our near- and carbon emissions reduction targets and outlines key assumptions with respect to our reduction targets. In 2024, the majority of our greenhouse gas emissions resulted from our customers' use of our products and solutions. We recognize the opportunity to innovate technologies for a world and are committed to delivering products and solutions that empower our customers to reduce the carbon footprints of their IT estates while also gaining maximum productivity from their IT investments and reducing costs. For instance, the latest generation of HPE ProLiant Gen 11 Servers enables customers to consolidate and grow compute capabilities while lowering the cost of power, cooling, floor space, and licensing. To enable market access across the globe and aid customers in selecting more sustainable IT solutions, many of our products are certified by such as Electronic Product Environment Assessment Tool, Energy STAR, China SEPA and the China Energy Conservation Program. Supply Chain Responsibility and Human Rights We manage our supply chain to help reduce risk, improve product quality, achieve environmental and social goals, and improve overall performance and value creation for our customers, partners, and suppliers. We are conscious of the importance of the responsible use of our products. In an effort to prevent intended and unintended harm, we continue to consider who purchases our offerings and how they are used by, among other things, limiting features, including responsible use clauses, monitoring for risk of alternate end uses, and promoting deployment of AI with safeguards, such as user training and ongoing checks and refinement to mitigate bias and improve accuracy. Human rights principles are embedded in how we do business, and we are committed to holding our entire value chain to high ethical standards that respect such principles. We have processes in place to enable the early detection of forced labor and have implemented due diligence procedures to monitor and help prevent human rights violations or abuses at our suppliers and in our operations. Additionally, through our Responsible Minerals Program, we work to advance the responsible sourcing of minerals used in our products and within our supply chain. Our commitment to diversity, equity, and inclusion extends beyond our workforce and to our suppliers, as well. We believe a diverse supply chain and equity in sourcing not only creates opportunities for underrepresented and underserved communities, but also contributes to the resiliency of our supply chain and of our communities. We are also committed to the responsible and ethical development and deployment of new technologies to advance how we live and work, and we continue to build on our existing responsible development work, particularly in relation to AI. We have an executive level AI Ethics Responsibility Committee and an operational AI Ethics Working Group, through which we aim to align the development, deployment, and use of AI with HPE's AI Ethical Principles, promoting and secure, human focused, inclusive, robust, and responsible use of AI. In 2022, we refined our approach to assessing ethical AI and rolled out AI Ethical Principles training. In 2023, we further advanced this initiative by launching three new to help us operationalize our principles for: Products (AI we develop), Processes (AI we source to use), and Partnerships (AI we source to incorporate into our solutions). In 2024, we rolled out a broader AI Governance model and developed tools to drive efficiency in the AI ethics assessment process. While the HPE Board of Directors and all of its committees take an integrated, rather than siloed, approach to providing oversight of Living Progress matters, including environmental sustainability, supply chain responsibility, and human rights, our Nominating, Governance and Social Responsibility Committee is primarily responsible for oversight of our broader Living Progress strategy, initiatives, risks, and policies. 11 Table of Conte n t Material Government Regulations Our business activities are subject to various federal, state, local, and foreign laws and our products and services are governed by a number of rules and regulations. Costs and accruals incurred to comply with these governmental regulations are presently not material to our capital expenditures, results of operations and competitive position. Although there is no assurance that existing or future government laws applicable to our operations, services or products will not have a material adverse effect on our capital expenditures, results of operations and competitive position, we do not currently anticipate material expenditures for government regulations. Nonetheless, as discussed below, we believe that global trade and certain environmental regulations could potentially materially impact our business. Environment Our products and operations are, or may in the future be, subject to various federal, state, local, and foreign laws and regulations concerning the environment, including, among others, laws addressing the discharge of pollutants into the air and water; supply chain due diligence, and sustainability, environment and reporting; the management, movement, and disposal of hazardous substances and wastes and the of contaminated sites; product compliance and safety, such as repairability, chemical composition, packaging and labeling; energy consumption of our products and services; and the manufacture and distribution of chemical substances. We proactively evaluate, and at times replace materials in our products and supply chain, taking into account, among other things, published lists of substances of concern, new and upcoming legal requirements, customer preferences and scientific analysis that indicates a potential impact to human health or the environment. We are also subject to legislation in an increasing number of jurisdictions that makes producers of electrical goods, including servers and networking equipment, subject to certain repairability requirements or financially responsible for specified collection, recycling, treatment, and disposal of past and future covered products (sometimes referred to as “product legislation”). We are also subject to standards set by public and private entities related to sustainability issues such as energy consumption, carbon emissions, reusing or recycling. Finally, as climate change and other environmental-related laws, regulations, treaties, and similar initiatives and programs are adopted and implemented throughout the world, we will be required to comply or potentially face market access limitations or other sanctions, including fines. In the event our products are impacted by these laws or standards, our products could be restricted from entering certain jurisdictions or from being procured by certain governments or private companies, and we could face other sanctions, including fines. However, we believe that technology will be fundamental to finding solutions to achieve compliance with and manage those requirements, and we are collaborating with industry, business groups and governments to find and promote ways that our technology can be used to address climate change and other environmental-related issues, and to facilitate compliance with related laws, regulations and treaties. We are committed to maintaining compliance with all environmental and environmental-related laws applicable to our operations, products and services, and to reducing our environmental impact across all aspects of our business. We support this commitment with a range of comprehensive policies, including relating to environmental, health and safety, climate, water, and electronic waste; a strict environmental management of our operations and worldwide environmental programs and services; an extensive supply chain responsibility program; and an approach to ethical standards and strong governance that are the foundations of our business. Global Trade As a global company, the import and export of our products and services are subject to laws and regulations including international treaties, U.S. export controls and sanctions laws, customs regulations, and local trade rules around the world. Such laws, rules, and regulations may delay the introduction of some of our products or impact our competitiveness through restricting our ability to do business in certain places or with certain entities and individuals, or the need to comply with domestic preference programs, laws concerning transfer and disclosure of sensitive or controlled technology or source code, unique technical standards, localization mandates, and duplicative testing and inspection requirements. The consequences of any failure to comply with domestic and foreign trade regulations could limit our ability to conduct business globally. We continue to support open trade policies that recognize the importance of integrated supply chains that will continue to contribute to the growth of the global economy and measures that standardize compliance for manufacturers to ensure that products comply with safety and security requirements. For a discussion of the risks associated with government regulations that may materially impact us, see “Regulatory and Government Risks” within “Risk Factors” in Item 1A of Part I. Additional Information This Annual Report on Form 10-K may include trademarks and trade names owned by other parties, and all other such trademarks and trade names mentioned in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are the property of their respective owners. 12 Table of Conte n t Information about our Executive Officers The following are our current executive officers: Name Age Position Antonio Neri 57 President and Chief Executive Officer Marie Myers 56 Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer John F. Schultz 60 Executive Vice President, Chief Operating and Legal Officer Kristin Major 52 Executive Vice President and Chief People Officer Gerri A. Gold 66 Executive Vice President, President and Chief Executive Officer, HPE Financial Services Fidelma Russo 61 Executive Vice President, Chief Technology Officer, and General Manager of Hybrid Cloud Neil B. MacDonald 56 Executive Vice President, General Manager of Server Philip J. Mottram 56 Executive Vice President, General Manager of Intelligent Edge Jeremy K. Cox 47 Senior Vice President, Corporate Controller, Chief Tax Officer, and Principal Accounting Officer Kirt P. Karros 55 Senior Vice President, Treasurer and Financial Planning & Analysis Antonio Neri; President and Chief Executive Officer Mr. Neri has served as our President and Chief Executive Officer since June 2017 and February 2018, respectively. Previously, he served as Executive Vice President and General Manager of our Enterprise Group from November 2015 to June 2017. Prior to that, Mr. Neri served in a similar role for HP Co.'s Enterprise Group from October 2014 to November 2015. Mr. Neri served as Senior Vice President and General Manager of the HP Servers business unit from September 2013 to October 2014 and concurrently as Senior Vice President and General Manager of the HP Networking business unit from May 2014 to October 2014. Prior to that, he served as Senior Vice President and General Manager of the HP Technology Services business unit from August 2011 to September 2013 and as Vice President, Customer Services for the HP Personal Systems Group from 2007 to August 2011, having first joined HP Co. in 1996. Since December 2017, Mr. Neri has served as a director of Elevance Health, Inc. (formerly Anthem, Inc.), a health insurance provider in the U.S. Marie Myers; Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer Ms. Myers has served as our Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer since January 2024, responsible for leading all aspects of our finance and strategy organizations. She partners closely with the CEO to develop and execute the strategy for the Company. Prior to that, she served as the Chief Financial Officer of HP Inc. from February 2021 to January 2024, as well as numerous other leadership positions at HP Inc.: Interim Chief Financial Officer from October 2020 to February 2021, Chief Transformation Officer from June 2020 to February 2021, and Chief Digital Officer from March 2020 to October 2020. Prior to that, she served as Chief Financial Officer of UiPath, Inc., a robotic process automation company, from December 2018 to December 2019. John F. Schultz; Executive Vice President, Chief Operating and Legal Officer Mr. Schultz has served as our Executive Vice President, Chief Operating and Legal Officer since July 2020, responsible for overseeing all aspects of our operations and shaping our operational strategies. Prior to that, he served as Executive Vice President, Chief Legal and Administrative Officer and Secretary from December 2017 to July 2020 and as Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary from November 2015 to December 2017, performing a similar role at HP Co. from April 2012 to November 2015. Prior to that, Mr. Schultz served as Deputy General Counsel for Litigation, Investigations and Global Functions at HP Co. from September 2008 to April 2012 and as a partner in the litigation practice at Morgan, Lewis & Bockius LLP, a law firm, where, among other clients, he supported HP Co. as external counsel on a variety of litigation and regulatory matters. Kristin Major; Executive Vice President and Chief People Officer Ms. Major has served as our Executive Vice President, Chief People Officer since February 2024, leading the global HR function, driving business growth and transformation through employee engagement; performance-led talent management; comprehensive rewards; and culture development. Prior to that, she served as Chief Talent Officer from March 2023 to January 2024, as Senior Vice President, Human Resources from January 2020 to March 2023, and as Senior Vice President, Deputy General Counsel of Global Functions and Security from December 2011 until January 2020. Before joining Hewlett Packard 13 Table of Conte n t Enterprise, she served as a counsel in the labor and employment practice at Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom LLP, a law firm. Gerri A. Gold; Executive Vice President, President and Chief Executive Officer, HPE Financial Services Ms. Gold has served as Executive Vice President, President and Chief Executive Officer of HPE Financial Services since February 2023. In this role, she leads HPE Financial Services, the global financing and asset management organization that supports HPE’s strategy, and helps customers and partners accelerate their transformation. From May 2018 to February 2023, she served as the Senior Vice President and Chief Operating Officer of HPE Financial Services, and from August 2015 to May 2018, as the Vice President Global Accounts, Sales, Marketing and Managing Director Asset Management of HPE Financial Services. Fidelma Russo; Executive Vice President, General Manager of Hybrid Cloud and Chief Technology Officer Ms. Russo has served as our Executive Vice President, General Manager of our Hybrid Cloud business segment, and Chief Technology Officer since November 2023. Prior to that, Ms. Russo served as Executive Vice President, Chief Technology Officer from September 2021 to October 2023. Prior to joining Hewlett Packard Enterprise, Ms. Russo was Senior Vice President and General Manager of the Cloud Services business unit at VMware from May 2020 to September 2021 and the Chief Technology Officer and Executive Vice President of Global Technology & Operations at Iron Mountain, Inc. from March 2017 to May 2020. Additionally, Ms. Russo has served on the board of directors at Equinix, Inc. as a member of its audit committee since 2022. Neil B. MacDonald; Executive Vice President, General Manager of Server Mr. MacDonald has served as Executive Vice President and General Manager of our Server business since February 2024, responsible for overseeing the operations and shaping the strategy of the Server business unit. Prior to that, he served as Executive Vice President and General Manager of our Compute business from March 2022 to January 2024, as Senior Vice President and General Manager of our Compute business from February 2020 to March 2022, and as Senior Vice President and General Manager of the Compute Solutions group of the then Hybrid IT business segment, from November 2018 to February 2020. Philip J. Mottram; Executive Vice President, General Manager of Intelligent Edge Mr. Mottram has served as Executive Vice President and General Manager of our Intelligent Edge business since March 2022. Previously, he served as the President of our Intelligent Edge business from June 2021 to March 2022. Prior to that, Mr. Mottram served as Senior Vice President and General Manager of the Communications Technology Group from April 2019 to June 2021. Before joining Hewlett Packard Enterprise, he served as the Chief Revenue Officer of Zayo Group, a communications infrastructure provider, from November 2017 to February 2019, where he was responsible for all functions. Prior to that, Mr. Mottram served as Director of the Enterprise Business Unit of Vodafone from May 2014 to November 2017, the Chief Executive Officer of Hong Kong CSL from September 2012 to May 2014, and Executive Director of Global Sales at Telstra International from September 2010 to September 2012, as well as a variety of different operational roles at other telecommunications companies. Jeremy K. Cox; Senior Vice President, Corporate Controller, Chief Tax Officer, and Principal Accounting Officer Mr. Cox has served as our Senior Vice President, Corporate Controller, Chief Tax Officer, and Principal Accounting Officer since January 2024. Prior to that, he served as Senior Vice President, Interim Chief Financial Officer, Corporate Controller, Chief Tax Officer, and Principal Accounting Officer from August 2023 to January 2024, as Senior Vice President, Corporate Controller, Chief Tax Officer, and Principal Accounting Officer from July 2022 to August 2023, as Senior Vice President, Global Tax and Head of Products and Services Finance from May 2021 to July 2022, and as Senior Vice President, Global Tax, Financial Planning and Analysis, and Global Functions Finance from November 2018 to May 2021, among numerous other leadership positions. Prior to joining HP Inc. in 2008, Mr. Cox was Senior Tax Counsel for Electronic Data Systems. Kirt P. Karros; Senior Vice President, Treasurer and Financial Planning & Analysis Mr. Karros has served as our Senior Vice President, Treasurer and Financial Planning & Analysis since March 2024, responsible for all treasury operations and overseeing financial planning and strategy for HPE and our business units. Prior to that, he served as Senior Vice President, Treasurer and Investor Relations from May 2022 to March 2024, overseeing all treasury and investor activities. Previously, he served as our Senior Vice President, Finance and Treasurer from November 2015 to May 2022. Prior to that, Mr. Karros served in a similar role at HP Co., leading its treasury and investor relations functions. 14 Table of Conte n t Available Information Our website is located at www.hpe.com. Our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to reports filed or furnished pursuant to Sections 13(a) and 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, are available on our website at http://investors.hpe.com, as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such reports with, or furnish those reports to, the Securities and Exchange Commission. Hewlett Packard Enterprise's Corporate Governance Guidelines, Board of Directors' committee charters (including the charters of the Audit Committee, Finance and Investment Committee, HR and Compensation Committee, Technology Committee, and Nominating, Governance and Social Responsibility Committee) and code of ethics entitled “Standards of Business Conduct” are also available at that same location on our website. Stockholders may request free printed copies of these documents from: Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company Attention: Investor Relations 1701 East Mossy Oaks Road, Spring, Texas 77389 http://investors.hpe.com/financial/ 15 Table of Conte n t ITEM 1A. Risk Factors. You should carefully consider the following risks and other information in this Form 10-K in evaluating Hewlett Packard Enterprise. Any of the following risks could materially and adversely affect our results of operations or financial condition. The following risk factors should be read in conjunction with Part II, Item 7, “Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation” and the Consolidated Financial Statements and related notes in Part II, Item 8, “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” of this Form 10-K. Risk Factors Summary The following is a summary of the principal risks that could adversely affect our business, operations, and financial results. Business and Operational Risks • If we cannot successfully execute our strategy, including offering our entire portfolio , our business, operating results, and financial performance may suffer. • We depend on suppliers, and our financial results could suffer if we fail to manage our supplier relationships properly. • System security risks, data protection incidents, cyberattacks and systems integration issues could disrupt our internal operations or IT services provided to customers, and any such disruption could reduce our revenue, increase our expenses, damage our reputation, and adversely affect our stock price. • Business disruptions could seriously harm our future revenue and financial condition and increase our costs and expenses. • Failure to complete the Merger with Juniper Networks may adversely affect our business and our stock price. • Failure to realize the benefits expected from the Merger with Juniper Networks could adversely affect our business or our stock price. • Any failure by us to identify, manage, and complete acquisitions and subsequent integrations, divestitures, and other significant transactions successfully could harm our financial results, business and prospects. • If we cannot continue to produce quality products and services, our reputation, bu

[truncated]