A special dividend is up for grabs as JB Hi-Fi beats FY24 earnings expectations ASX 200 N/A All Market Indices ASX 200 N/A All Ords N/A Small Ords N/A All Tech N/A Resources N/A All Indices ASX 200 N/A All Ords N/A Small Ords N/A All Tech N/A Resources N/A ws --> Press / All Stocks Indices Commodities Scans News All Stocks Indices Commodities Scans News Press / All Stocks Indices Commodities Scans News All Stocks Indices Commodities Scans News Watchlist Sign in Join for free Home ASX Indices News Stock Scans Commodities Popular Pages Plans & Portfolios Advertisement Home / News / Reporting Season / A special dividend is up for grabs as JB Hi-Fi beats FY24 earnings expectations Reporting Season REPORTING SEASON News | Reporting Season A special dividend is up for grabs as JB Hi-Fi beats FY24 earnings expectations JB Hi-Fi topped FY24 earnings and dividend expectations. But is the stock too expensive? Kerry Sun Lead Writer --> 12 August 2024 ∙ This article is more than 12 months old and may be outdated ∙ 4 min read Share Print Article Source: Shutterstock Mentioned JBH $7.2B JB Hi-Fi Ltd KEY POINTS JB Hi-Fi reported better-than-expected FY24 results, defying consumer spending concerns and declaring a special dividend The company demonstrated effective cost control, with EBITDA margins of 6.75% compared to analyst expectations of 6.5% Despite the impressive results, JB Hi-Fi shares have now rallied 36% year-to-date, with a price-to-earnings ratio of 17.5x JB Hi-Fi ( ASX: JBH ) defied expectations of a consumer spending slowdown, reporting a better-than-feared FY24 result and declaring a special dividend. The stock opened 6.5% higher as the market opened on Monday and briefly hit a record high of $74.66. FY24 at a glance Total sales down 0.4% to $9.59bn Net profit after tax down 16.4% to $438.8mn Earnings per share down 16.4% to 401.4 cents Final dividend down 10.4% to 103 cents per share Full-year ordinary dividend down 16.3% to $2.61 per share but: A special dividend of 80 cents per share fully franked Has also entered into an agreement to acquire E&S Trading Co , with an initial acquisition of 75% for $47.8m cash To add some perspective, the net profit figure was 3.7% ahead of consensus expectations. Three key data points Beyond the above numbers, three data points stood out. A sizeable full-year dividend : JB Hi Fi's full-year ordinary dividend beat Citi's expectations by 6% (261 cents per share vs. 246 cents per share expected). If you included the special dividend – that's a sizeable 38% beat. Solid margins beat : Citi analysts expected JB Hi-Fi to report full-year EBITDA margins of 6.5% vs. actuals of 6.75%, demonstrating solid cost control. FY25 trading update reads well : JB Hi-Fi said total sales growth for JB Hi-Fi Australia was up 5.6% for the period 1-31 July 2024. While total sales growth for JB Hi-Fi New Zealand was up 12.2% (but comparable sales growth of -4.9%). "It is pleasing to see sales momentum in Australia continue into July. We remain committed to offering the best value and exceptional customer service to maximise our brands' sales opportunities," commented CEO Terry Smart. The dividend JB Hi-Fi will trade ex-dividend on 22 August, with a payment date of 6 September. The 183 cents per share dividend yields approximately 2.5% at current prices (around $73). Is JB Hi-Fi too expensive? There are a few moving parts to consider. Pre-result performance : JB Hi-Fi was up around 26% year-to-date as of Friday, 9 August close. So the stock was already up massively in the lead up to today's result A tad expensive : JB Hi-Fi is now trading at a price-to-earnings of around 17.5x compared to 12.5x at the beginning of the year. Since 2004, JB Hi-Fi has traded at an average price-to-earnings ratio of around 13.7. In the past ten years, the average falls even more to 11.7. So the stock is a tad expensive when compared to historical averages Earnings outlook : Citi expects JB Hi-Fi to deliver NPAT growth of 7.2% in FY25 and 4.0% in FY26 (as of 21 July). Today's better-than-expected result could see analysts lift their outlook assumptions and target prices In the same note, the analysts said "Global PC volumes are set to lift into CY25 following two years of significant decline ... We believe JB Hi-Fi is well positioned to take advantage of this as the market leader in PCs." "While the stock has performed strongly, we believe it could trade up to a 20x 1-year forward PE in a strong operating environment given its historical range." Echoes of February This performance echoes the company's February reporting season, where earnings, margins, and dividends surpassed consensus forecasts. The market responded positively, with the stock surging 7.1% on results day (12-Feb) and an additional 5.6% the following day, before settling into a sideways trading pattern for the next five months. JB Hi-Fi price chart since February 2024 (Source: TradingView) The bottom line – JB Hi-Fi continues to demonstrate resilient earnings and effective cost control, while returning surplus capital to shareholders. While the latest results are impressive, it's worth noting that the stock has seen significant gains in recent weeks and months, and now trading at the higher end of its historical valuation range. ABOUT THE AUTHOR Kerry Sun Lead Writer Kerry holds a Bachelor of Commerce from Monash University. He is passionate about equity research and trading (swing and intraday), with a focus on breaking down market-related catalysts into clear, contextual insights and developing data-driven market biases. Printed 08/09/2026 Advertisement Sign up to our free Market Wraps Get our free newsletters for expert market analysis and insights. Over 200k subscribers and growing. --> Subscribe for free: Morning Wrap Evening Wrap Weekend Wrap Subscribe By providing your email, you agree to Market Index’s Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy ASX INDICES ASX 20 ASX 50 ASX 100 ASX 200 ASX 300 All Ordinaries All ASX Indices COMMODITIES Iron Ore Crude Oil Gold Silver Copper All Commodities INVESTMENT SCANS Highest Dividend Yield Broker Consensus POPULAR PAGES List of ASX Companies Upcoming Dividends Director Transactions ASX Sectors ASX ETFs ASX Short Sale Data ASX Announcements Cboe Funds Australian Dollar NEWS Latest News Authors Editorial Process STATS & DOWNLOADS Data Downloads Market Statistics RESOURCES Trading Hours History of the ASX EDITORS PICKS How to Buy Shares in Australia Dividend Yield Basics The Basics of Franking Credits Top 10 Investment Movies & Documentaries OUR NETWORK Livewire Markets About Us Careers Privacy FSG Terms Of Use Contact Us Market Index and its data suppliers accept no responsibility for any claim, loss or damage whatsoever as a result of information on this website or services. The Market Index website is owned by FinTech Equity Pty Ltd (ACN: 637 943 803) AFSL #521588 Factual Information Only: The Market Index website and all content, advertisements and other material contained on our website is factual information only. We are not financial advisers and none of the content on our website should be interpreted as financial advice. Nothing on our website is intended to imply a recommendation or opinion about a financial product or class of financial products. Before you make an investment decision based on any of the information contained on our website, please consult a qualified financial adviser or stockbroker. All content is provided “as is” and not intended for trading purposes. Copyright © 2026 Market Index