Why JB Hi-Fi shares slumped on strong earnings and a higher dividend ASX 200 N/A All Market Indices ASX 200 N/A All Ords N/A Small Ords N/A All Tech N/A Resources N/A All Indices ASX 200 N/A All Ords N/A Small Ords N/A All Tech N/A Resources N/A ws --> Press / All Stocks Indices Commodities Scans News All Stocks Indices Commodities Scans News Press / All Stocks Indices Commodities Scans News All Stocks Indices Commodities Scans News Watchlist Sign in Join for free Home ASX Indices News Stock Scans Commodities Popular Pages Plans & Portfolios Advertisement Home / News / Reporting Season / Why JB Hi-Fi shares slumped on strong earnings and a higher dividend Reporting Season REPORTING SEASON News | Reporting Season Why JB Hi-Fi shares slumped on strong earnings and a higher dividend JB Hi-Fi briefly rallied 5% in early trade before aggressive selling pushed the stock into negative territory. Here's why. Kerry Sun Lead Writer --> 10 February 2025 ∙ This article is more than 12 months old and may be outdated ∙ 4 min read Share Print Article Source: Shutterstock Mentioned JBH $7.2B JB Hi-Fi Ltd KEY POINTS JB Hi-Fi delivered a broad beat across key metrics, including revenue, net profit, and dividends, with strong January sales growth across Australia, New Zealand, and The Good Guys Gross margins fell short of expectations, reflecting a focus on competitive pricing to drive sales, as management highlighted growing consumer price sensitivity and a highly competitive retail environment Stock surged to a record high before fading, as investors weighed strong results against valuation concerns, with analysts likely to raise forecasts but remain cautious on Buy ratings JB Hi-Fi ( ASX: JBH ) shares briefly rallied 5.5% to a record $108 on Monday after the company reported better-than-expected first-half FY25 earnings alongside a robust trading update for January. Despite a broad beat against most key metrics and expectations for further sales momentum, JB Hi-Fi shares quickly faded back to breakeven within the first hour of trade. First-half FY25 highlights Sales up 9.8% to $5.67 billion vs. $5.52 billion consensus (2.6% beat) Gross margins of 21.8% vs. UBS estimates of 22.2% (180 bp miss) EBIT up 8.6% to $419.9 million vs. $409 million consensus (2.7% beat) NPAT up 8.0% to $285.4 million vs. $278.3 million consensus (2.5% beat) Interim dividend up 7.6% to 170 cents per share vs. 166.5 cents consensus (2.1% beat) Recent trading and guidance In line with historical practices, JB Hi-Fi did not provide any guidance for the rest of the year. However, its trading update for the month of January 2025 was very strong. Total sales growth for JB Hi-Fi Australia up 7.4% (accelerating from 2.5% for the same period last year) and comparable sales growth of 7.1% (vs. Jan-24: 1.7%) Total sales growth for JB Hi-Fi New Zealand was 20.4% (also accelerating form 8.2% for the same period last year) with comparable sales growth of 10.0% Total sales growth for the Good Guys was 6.4% (a turnaround compared to -2.2% in Jan-24) with comparable sales growth of 5.9% (vs. Jan-24: -2.2%) Despite continued sales momentum, CEO Terry Smart reiterated a cautious tone for the rest of the year. "Whilst we are pleased to see sales momentum continue into January, we remain cautious given the uncertainty in the retail market and the continued competitive activity," he said. Putting it all together JB Hi-FI delivered a broad beat against most key metrics, including revenue, net profit and dividends, as well as an upbeat January performance. However, these achievements come against a backdrop where the stock has surged 75% over the past 12 months and is now trading at a price-to-earnings multiple of 25x — well above its historical average of 13x. The result also revealed some margin pressure, with gross margins at 21.8%, down 17 basis points year-on-year (1H24: 22.01%) and 180 basis points below UBS’s forecast of 22.2%. Management addressed this on the earnings call, emphasising their focus on pricing and value: "It's always been number one internally on our list. We're very, very focused on top-line growth, and to get top-line growth, we're very focused on ensuring that we get the price right." "Customers are clearly searching for value at the moment. And so we're just making sure we're really doubling down on improving that value to customers." This suggests JB Hi-Fi is sacrificing some of its margins to drive strong sales – an approach that isn’t necessarily negative but does highlight growing price sensitivity among consumers and intensifying competition. "Overall, our initial thoughts are that JB Hi-Fi delivered another good result – however, the strong share price leading into the result may suggest the market was looking for a higher level of consensus upgrades," commented E&P analyst Philip Kimber. Price Action JB Hi-Fi shares surged within the first 15 minutes of trade, up as much as 5.5% to a fresh all-time high of $108.08. This likely reflects an initial enthusiasm, reflecting the broad 1H25 beat and stronger-than-expected dividend. However, by 10:30 am AEDT, the stock had retreated to breakeven, and by 2:00 pm, it was down 4.3% as valuation and margin concerns, along with profit-taking, weighed on sentiment. JB Hi-Fi intraday chart on Monday, 10 February (Source: Market Index) Looking Ahead JB Hi-Fi reported some solid numbers for January trading. To add some perspective, consensus is expecting sales growth of 5.1% for JB Hi-Fi Australia and 3.6% for the Good Guys in the second half of FY25. Given the consensus beat, analysts are likely to lift their earnings forecasts and target prices. However, with the stock already trading at elevated valuations, the upside may not be compelling enough to trigger many Buy ratings. ABOUT THE AUTHOR Kerry Sun Lead Writer Kerry holds a Bachelor of Commerce from Monash University. He is passionate about equity research and trading (swing and intraday), with a focus on breaking down market-related catalysts into clear, contextual insights and developing data-driven market biases. Printed 08/09/2026 Advertisement Sign up to our free Market Wraps Get our free newsletters for expert market analysis and insights. Over 200k subscribers and growing. --> Subscribe for free: Morning Wrap Evening Wrap Weekend Wrap Subscribe By providing your email, you agree to Market Index’s Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy ASX INDICES ASX 20 ASX 50 ASX 100 ASX 200 ASX 300 All Ordinaries All ASX Indices COMMODITIES Iron Ore Crude Oil Gold Silver Copper All Commodities INVESTMENT SCANS Highest Dividend Yield Broker Consensus POPULAR PAGES List of ASX Companies Upcoming Dividends Director Transactions ASX Sectors ASX ETFs ASX Short Sale Data ASX Announcements Cboe Funds Australian Dollar NEWS Latest News Authors Editorial Process STATS & DOWNLOADS Data Downloads Market Statistics RESOURCES Trading Hours History of the ASX EDITORS PICKS How to Buy Shares in Australia Dividend Yield Basics The Basics of Franking Credits Top 10 Investment Movies & Documentaries OUR NETWORK Livewire Markets About Us Careers Privacy FSG Terms Of Use Contact Us Market Index and its data suppliers accept no responsibility for any claim, loss or damage whatsoever as a result of information on this website or services. The Market Index website is owned by FinTech Equity Pty Ltd (ACN: 637 943 803) AFSL #521588 Factual Information Only: The Market Index website and all content, advertisements and other material contained on our website is factual information only. We are not financial advisers and none of the content on our website should be interpreted as financial advice. Nothing on our website is intended to imply a recommendation or opinion about a financial product or class of financial products. Before you make an investment decision based on any of the information contained on our website, please consult a qualified financial adviser or stockbroker. All content is provided “as is” and not intended for trading purposes. Copyright © 2026 Market Index