A
ppendix 4E 
P
reliminary Final Report 
For
 the year ended 30 June 2026 
JB Hi-Fi Limited 
ACN 093 
220 136 
This preliminary final report is provided to the Australian Securities Exchange (ASX) under ASX Listing Rule 4.3A. 
For personal use only
JB Hi-Fi Limited 
 ACN 093 220 136
Reporting period Comparative period  
Financial year ended 30 June 2026 Financial year ended 30 June 2025 
Results for announcement to the market 
Percentage 
change 
% 
Amount 
$m 
Revenue from ordinary activities up 4.8% to 11,064.0 
Profit from ordinary activities after tax  up 5.8% to 489.5 
Net profit attributable to members of JB Hi-Fi Limited up 6.0% to 489.9 
Dividend information 
Amount per 
security 
Franked 
amount per 
security 
Final dividend 127.0¢ 127 .0¢ 
Interim dividend 210.0¢ 210. 0¢ 
Record date for determining entitlements to the dividend: 
• final dividend
• interim dividend
28 August 2026 
27 February 2026 
Dividend payment date: 
• final dividend
• interim dividend
11 September 2026 
13 March 2026 
Net Tangible Assets Per Security 
2026 
$ 
2025 
$ 
Net tangible assets per security 4.55 4.35 
N
et tangible assets include the right-of-use assets recognised under AASB 16 Leases. 
O
ther information 
T
his report is based on the consolidated financial statements which have been audited by Deloitte Touche 
Tohmatsu.  
F
or a brief explanation of the figures above please refer to the Announcement on the results for the year ended 30 
June 2026 and the notes to the financial statements.
For personal use only
J
B Hi-Fi Limited
ACN 093 220 136 
Annual report for the financial year 
ended 30 June 2026 
For personal use only
Annual report  
for the financial year ended  
30 June 2026 
 
 
 Page 
Governance statement 1 
Directors' report 11 
Operating and financial review 17 
Remuneration report 32 
Auditor's independence declaration 50 
Sustainability report 51 
Independent auditor’s review report on sustainability 77 
Directors’ declaration under s.296A 81 
Independent auditor’s report on financial statements 82 
Directors' declaration under s.295 87 
Statement of profit or loss  88 
Statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income 89 
Balance sheet 90 
Statement of changes in equity 91 
Statement of cash flows 92 
Notes to the financial statements 93 
Consolidated entity disclosure statement 127 
Additional securities exchange information 128 
Corporate information 130 
For personal use only
JB Hi-Fi Limited 
Governance Statement 
1 
GOVERNANCE STATEMENT 
JB Hi-Fi Limited (“the Company” or “JB Hi-Fi”) recognises the importance of governance matters and the Board 
continually reviews and monitors developments in corporate governance which are relevant to the Group (being the 
consolidated entity consisting of the Company and the entities it controls). The Company’s Governance Statement 
is set out below. The Company also recognises the importance of environmental and social matters to its 
shareholders, suppliers and customers and, in addition to the mandatory Sustainability Report included in this 
Report, has released its 2026 Responsible Business Report to the ASX at the same time as this Report. 
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE STATEMENT 
The directors and management of the Group are committed to ensuring that the Group’s business is conducted 
ethically and in accordance with high standards of corporate governance.  
The Board believes that: 
• the Group’s policies and practices comply in all material respects with the 4th edition of the ASX Corporate
Governance Council Principles and Recommendations (the “ASX Recommendations”); and
• during the 2026 financial year, the Company has been compliant with the spirit of the principles contained in
the ASX Recommendations.
This Corporate Governance Statement has been approved by the Board and is effective as at  17 August 2026. 
THE BOARD 
Role 
The primary role of the Board is to protect and enhance long-term sustainable shareholder value. The Board is 
accountable to shareholders for the performance of the Company, and it directs and monitors the business and 
affairs of the Group on behalf of shareholders. 
The Board’s responsibilities include: overseeing the business and affairs of the Group and demonstrating leadership 
of the Group; setting (in consultation with management) the strategic and financial objectives of the Group and 
overseeing management’s implementation of these objectives; overseeing the reliability, adequacy and integrity of 
the Group’s accounting, financial management, financial reporting and disclosure practices and systems; approving 
the Group’s financial statements, Annual Report, Sustainability Report, Responsible Business Report, Modern 
Slavery Statement and Tax Transparency Report; overseeing disclosures to the ASX; approval of dividends and 
other capital management initiatives; approving the appointment of the external auditor; ensuring that the Group has 
an appropriate risk management framework for both financial and non-financial risk (including governance, 
cybersecurity and artificial intelligence related risks); setting the risk appetite within which management is expected to 
operate; establishing a procedure for the selection, appointment and performance review of directors; making 
recommendations to shareholders regarding the election and re-election of directors; approving the adoption of the 
Group’s major corporate governance policies; approving the appointment and replacement of senior executives 
including the Group Chief Executive Officer; monitoring the performance of management and, where required, 
challenging management and holding it to account; approving the Group’s remuneration framework and satisfying 
itself that the Group’s remuneration policies are aligned with the Group’s values, strategic objectives and risk 
appetite; approving the Group’s Statement of Values, Code of Conduct and other relevant documents so as to 
underpin the desired culture within the Group; establishing measurable objectives with regard to gender diversity 
within the Group and reviewing progress towards achieving them; oversight of the Group’s plans, actions and 
reporting in relation to environmental and social risks and opportunities (including health & safety, diversity & 
inclusion, waste management, packaging, climate action, ethical sourcing and community investment); and 
approving the Group’s key sustainability policies. 
The Group Chief Executive Officer, who is accountable to the Board, is responsible for managing, directing and 
promoting the profitable operation and development of the Group . 
A copy of the Board Charter can be found on the Company’s investor website at 
https://investors.jbhifi.com.au/constitution -and-charters. 
Composition of the Board / Selection and appointment of directors 
Details of each of the directors are set out on pages 11 and 12 of this Report. 
The Board seeks to ensure that the combination of its members provides an appropriate range of experience, skills, 
For personal use only
JB Hi-Fi Limited 
Governance Statement 
2 
 
diversity, knowledge and perspectives to enable it to carry out its obligations and responsibilities. 
The Board believes that having a range of different skills, backgrounds, experience and genders ensures a diversity 
of viewpoints which facilitates effective governance and decision making.  
The Company believes that skills and experience in the areas listed in the matrix below are desirable for the Board 
to perform its role effectively. The Board considers that its current composition possesses an effective blend of 
these skills and experience which enables it and its Committees to effectively govern the business, operate 
effectively and add value in the context of the Company’s strategy.  
 
Skill/Experience Description 
No. of 
Directors 
Executive / 
Management 
Experience 
Holds or held an executive leadership position in a publicly listed company or 
large professional services firm. 8/8 
Retail 
 
Holds or held an executive leadership position in a publicly listed or large 
private retail company, has extensive experience in retail consulting/advisory, 
or has been a non-executive director of a publicly listed or large private retail 
company for at least 3 years. 
8/8 
Financial 
Acumen 
Professional accounting qualifications, experience as the CEO, CFO or Chair 
of the Audit Committee of a publicly listed company or large private company, 
or membership of the Audit Committee of at least two publicly listed 
companies. 
8/8 
Property 
 
Holds or held an executive leadership position with specific, or ultimate, 
responsibility for property in a large retailer or is/was a non-executive director 
of a publicly listed or large private property company. 
4/8 
Online/Digital 
 
Holds or held an executive leadership position in a digital or technology 
company or having ultimate responsibility for, or specific focus on, 
online/digital in a publicly listed company or large private retail company, or 
extensive experience in online/digital consulting/advisory. 
7/8 
Other Listed 
Board 
Experience / 
Governance 
Is, or has been, a director of one or more other publicly listed companies for 
at least one year (other than JB Hi-Fi Limited). 7/8 
Risk 
Management 
 
Membership of the risk management committees of at least two publicly listed 
companies, or executive experience anticipating and identifying risks and 
monitoring the effectiveness of both financial and non-financial risk 
management frameworks and controls. 
7/8 
People & Culture 
 
Experience as a Chair, non-executive director, CEO or senior executive in a 
publicly listed or large private company or a professional services firm in 
overseeing workplace culture, people management, development and 
succession planning, setting remuneration frameworks and promoting 
diversity & inclusion. 
8/8 
Strategy / 
Mergers & 
Acquisitions / 
Capital 
Management 
Experience in a publicly listed company, large private company or large 
professional services firm in understanding and defining strategic objectives, 
assessing business plans, mergers & acquisitions and/or capital 
management. 
8/8 
Sustainability, 
Corporate Social 
Responsibility 
and Community 
Engagement 
Understanding and experience in social responsibility and sustainability 
initiatives, management of workplace health & safety, community 
relations/workplace giving. 
 
8/8 
The Company maintains a majority of non- executive directors on its Board. The Board currently comprises eight  
directors, being seven non-executive directors, including the Chairman, and one executive director , being the 
Group Chief Executive Officer.  The Company has written agreements with each director setting out the terms of 
For personal use only
JB Hi-Fi Limited 
Governance Statement 
3 
their appointment. Apart from the Group Chief Executive Officer, directors are subject to shareholder re-election by 
rotation at least every three years. The Company provides shareholders with all material information in its 
possession relevant to the election or re-election of a director. 
A copy of the Company’s Board Composition & Succession Policy, which includes the procedure for the selection 
and appointment of directors, can be found on the Company’s investor website at 
https://investors.jbhifi.com.au/policies. The Board will undertake appropriate checks before appointing any person, 
or putting forward to shareholders a candidate for election, as a director, including checks to ensure that the 
candidate has sufficient capacity to perform the role. 
Details of the directors as at the date of this Report, including further information about their experience, expertise 
and term of office, are set out in the Directors’ Report. 
Independence 
The Company considers that each of its  directors (including the Chairman) is independent , with the exception of 
Nick Wells (Group Chief Executive Officer ). 
The Board regards directors as independent directors if they : do not have a material relationship with the 
Company other than solely as a result of being a director; are independent of management; and do not have any 
business or other relationship that could compromise the independent exercise of their judgement and their ability 
to act in the best interests of the Company. The independence of each director is considered on a case-by-case 
basis. 
Richard Uechtritz was Chief Executive Officer of the Company between July 2000 and May 2010 and a consultant 
to the Company from May 2010 to November 2013. Given the passage of time, the Board is of the opinion that 
Richard is an independent director, and that neither these previous roles, nor his relationship with current 
management, compromises his ability to exercise independent, unfettered judgement or act in the best interests of 
the Company.  
Geoff Roberts was previously a partner at Deloitte from 1992 until 2004 and from 2012 to 2015. Since 2002, 
Deloitte have been the appointed auditors of the Group, however at no stage during the term of his partnership was 
Geoff involved in the provision of audit or other services to the Group. The Board is therefore of the opinion that 
Geoff is an independent director. 
Conflict of interest 
Directors must keep the Board advised, on an ongoing basis, of any interests that could potentially conflict with 
those of the Company. Directors are required to promptly disclose to the Board interests in contracts, other 
directorships or offices held, possible related party transactions and any other material personal interests in a matter 
relating to the Company’s affairs. If a material conflict of interest arises, the director concerned does not receive the 
relevant Board papers, is not present at the meeting whilst the item is considered and takes no part in decision 
making in relation to that item. 
Board meetings 
The Board meets regularly, dependent on business requirements . Prior to any meeting, the directors receive all 
necessary Board papers. As well as holding regular Board meetings, the Board also meets to comprehensively 
review business plans and the strategy of the Group. 
Access to information and independent advice 
Each director has the right of access to all relevant Company information and to the Group’s executives. Subject 
to prior consultation with the Chairman, each director may seek independent professional advice at the Company’s 
expense. 
Professional development of directors 
The Company recognises the need for its directors to develop and maintain the skills and knowledge needed to 
perform their roles as directors effectively. The Company periodically reviews the need for directors to undertake 
professional development to maintain the skills and knowledge necessary to perform their roles. This includes, 
where necessary, management (including the Group Chief Financial Officer and the Company Secretary & General 
Counsel) and external advisors providing the directors with briefings and advice on developments in both the law 
For personal use only
JB Hi-Fi Limited 
Governance Statement 
4 
 
and current practice in areas relevant to the Company and their role as directors (including, for example, corporate 
governance, accounting, sustainability, cybersecurity, artificial intelligence and remuneration). Individual directors 
also take advantage of professional development opportunities provided by third parties such as the Australian 
Institute of Company Directors and major accounting and legal firms.  
The Company also has an induction program for new directors. 
BOARD COMMITTEES 
Details of the Committees established by the Board are set out below.  
Audit and Risk Management Committee 
The Board has an Audit and Risk Management Committee. 
The Audit and Risk Management Committee is charged primarily with assisting the Board in its:  
• oversight of the reliability, adequacy and integrity of the Group’s financial management, financial reporting and 
disclosure, sustainability reporting and its other non-financial reporting and disclosure practices;  
• oversight of the independence, performance, appointment and removal of the external auditor;   
• review of the Group’s policies on risk oversight and management, including assessing whether management 
has developed and implemented effective systems to manage the material financial and non-financial risks 
affecting the Group’s business (including environmental, health & safety, social, governance, cybersecurity and 
artificial intelligence related risks, and compliance with all material laws); and 
• review of the Group’s plans, actions and reporting in relation to sustainability, including its Responsible 
Business Report. 
A copy of the Audit and Risk Management Committee Charter can be found on the Company’s investor website 
at https://investors.jbhifi.com.au/constitution-and-charters. 
During the 2026 financial year, the Audit and Risk Management Committee comprised the following non-executive 
directors, each of whom are considered by the Company to be independent and all of whom have relevant financial, 
commercial and risk management experience, including an independent chair who is not the Chair of the Board: 
• Geoff Roberts: Ongoing Member of the Committee, and Chair of the Committee since 30 October 2025; 
• Christy Boyce: Ongoing Member of the Committee; 
• Melanie Wilson: Ongoing Member of the Committee; 
• Sheila Lines: Member of the Committee since 15 August 2025; and 
• Beth Laughton: Member and Chair of the Committee until 30 October 2025. 
Details of the background and experience of each of these non-executive directors are included in the Directors' 
Report. 
The Audit and Risk Management Committee meets regularly. Details of the meetings held and members’ 
attendance during the 2026 financial year are listed in the Directors’ Report. Directors who are not members of the 
Audit and Risk Management Committee may attend any Audit and Risk Management Committee meeting. 
Remuneration and Nominations Committee 
The Board has a Remuneration and Nominations Committee. 
The Remuneration  and Nominations Committee is charged primarily  with: 
• reviewing and making recommendations to the Board regarding the framework, structure and quantum of 
remuneration of executive officers and non -executive directors; and 
• reviewing and making recommendations to the Board regarding Board succession planning, the 
appointment and re- appointment of non-executive directors, the induction and continuing professional 
development of non-executive directors, the process for evaluati ng the performance of the Board, its 
committees and directors, and the succession of the Group Chief Executive Officer and other senior 
executives.   
A copy of the Remuneration  and Nominations Committee Charter can be found on the Company’s investor 
website at https://investors.jbhifi.com.au/constitution-and-charters. 
During the 2026 financial year, the Remuneration and Nominations Committee comprised the following directors, 
each of whom are considered by the Company to be independent: 
• Stephen Goddard: Ongoing Member and Chair of the Committee;  
For personal use only
JB Hi-Fi Limited 
Governance Statement 
5 
 
• Mark Powell: Ongoing Member of the Committee; 
• Geoff Roberts: Ongoing Member of the Committee; 
• Melanie Wilson: Member of the Committee since 1 January 2026 and 
• Beth Laughton: Member of the Committee until 30 October 2025. 
The Remuneration and Nominations Committee meets as required. Details of the meetings held and members’ 
attendance during the 2026 financial year are listed in the Directors’ Report. Directors who are not members of the 
Remuneration and Nominations Committee may attend a Committee meeting at the invitation of the Chair when 
considered appropriate. 
COMPANY SECRETARY 
The Company Secretary is accountable directly to the Board, through the Chair, on all matters to do with the proper 
functioning of the Board. 
CODE OF CONDUCT 
The Group acknowledges the need for directors, executives and employees to observe the highest ethical 
standards of corporate behaviour. The Group has adopted a Code of Conduct to provide directors, executives and 
employees with guidance on what the Group deems to be acceptable behaviour. The Group will ensure that the 
Board and/or Audit and Risk Management Committee is informed of any material incidents in breach of this Code. 
A copy of the Code of Conduct can be found on the Company’s investor website 
at https://investors.jbhifi.com.au/policies . 
WHISTLEBLOWER POLICY AND ANTI-BRIBERY, CORRUPTION & FRAUD POLICY 
The Group has a Reportable Misconduct and Whistleblower Policy and an Anti-Bribery, Corruption & Fraud Policy. 
The Group will ensure that the Board and/or Audit and Risk Management Committee is informed of any material 
incidents reported under or in breach of these policies.  
Copies of these policies are available on the Company’s investor website at https://investors.jbhifi.com.au/policies.  
DIVERSITY 
The Group recognises the importance of diversity and values the competitive advantage that is gained from a 
diverse range of skills, backgrounds, experience and gender at all levels of the organisation. The Group has a 
Diversity Policy  which is available  on the Company’s investor website at https://investors.jbhifi.com.au/policies.  
The Group has a Group Diversity Strategy that applies to each of its  businesses. This strategy is focussed on 
identifying and growing internal talent, underpinned by common and meaningful competency -based criteria. The 
Group Diversity Strategy and associated program of work is fundamental to enabling diversity by supporting 
women’s progression to leadership roles  and is further supported by work to identify and remove potential 
barriers to this progression.  
Details of the Group’s diversity initiatives, measurable objectives and performance are set out in the Group’s 
Responsible Business Report which can be found on the Company’s investor website at  
https://investors.jbhifi.com.au/sustainability.   
SAFETY 
The Group is committed to providing a healthy and safe work environment for all its team members, contractors, 
customers and visitors. Details of the Group’s health and safety policies and performance are set out in the Group’s 
Responsible Business Report which can be found on the Company’s investor website at  
https://investors.jbhifi.com.au/sustainability. 
SHAREHOLDINGS OF DIRECTORS AND EMPLOYEES  
Directors’ current shareholdings  in the Company  are detailed in the Directors’ Report and are updated by 
notification to the ASX as required. The Board has approved and adopted a Securities Trading Policy setting out 
the rules and procedures applying to directors, officers and employees dealing in securities.  
All Key Management Personnel (being all Non-Executive Directors and the Executive KMP listed on page 34), are 
subject to the Company’s Minimum Shareholding Policies which require: 
For personal use only
JB Hi-Fi Limited 
Governance Statement 
6 
• Non-Executive Directors to hold the equivalent of 1.0 times base Board fees in Company shares;
• the Group Chief Executive Officer to hold the equivalent of 1.5 times fixed pay in Company shares; and
• other Executive KMP to hold the equivalent of 1.0 times fixed pay in Company shares.
This level of shareholding is required to be built over 5 years from appointment as a Key Management Person.
Subject to certain specific and limited exceptions, directors and “key employees” may only trade in the 
Company’s shares, and any other securities  of the Company , during designated Trading Windows. These four-
week Trading Windows follow the release of the Company’s Final Results (August/September), Interim Results 
(February/March) and the Annual General Meeting (October/November). Directors and Group executives are 
required to obtain the Chairman’s consent in advance of any such trading and any transaction conducted by 
directors in shares of the Company is notified to the ASX.  
A copy of the Securities Trading Policy can be found on the Company’s investor website at 
https://investors.jbhifi.com.au/policies. 
INTEGRITY OF REPORTING 
The Company has controls designed to ensure the integrity of its  financial reporting and that the Company 
complies with all regulatory requirements relevant to this reporting. 
In accordance with the Corporations Act  2001 (Cth) (Corporations Act) and the ASX Recommendations , the 
Group Chief Executive Officer and Group Chief Financial Officer have stated in writing to the Board that , in their 
opinion: 
(a) the financial records of the Group (consisting of the Company and the entities it controlled during the financial
year) for the financial year ended 30 June 2026 have been properly maintained in accordance with section 286
of the Corporations Act;
(b) the financial statements for the financial year and the notes required by the accounting standards give a true
and fair view of the consolidated entity’s financial position and performance, and comply with the accounting
standards;
(c) the consolidated entity disclosure statement required by section 295(3A) of the Corporations Act is true and
correct;
(d) the statements in (a) and (b) above are founded on a sound system of risk management and internal control
which is operating effectively; and
(e) subsequent to 30 June 2026, no changes or other matters have arisen that would have a material effect on the
operation of the risk management and internal control systems of the Group.
The Company’s full year financial statements and remuneration report are subject to an annual audit by an 
independent professional auditor who also provides limited assurance in respect of parts of the Company’s 
annual sustainability report and reviews the Company’s half -yearly financial statements. The Audit and Risk 
Management Committee oversees this process on behalf of the Board. Deloitte has been the Company’s external 
auditor since 2002. The audit engagement partner is rotated every five years.  
Information on procedures for the selection and appointment of the external auditor and for the  rotation of 
external audit engagement partners can be found in the Charter of the Audit and  Risk Management Committee  
on the Company’s investor website at https://investors.jbhifi.com.au/constitution-and-charters. 
The Company also has a process in place to verify the integrity of any periodic corporate report that it releases to the 
market that is not audited or reviewed by the independent auditor. Such reports are written by the relevant members 
of the Company’s senior management team and are then independently reviewed by appropriate executives to 
ensure the information is accurate and stated assumptions or opinions are  reasonable. Data is verified by reference 
to a reliable source of information and information is checked to ensure that it is consistent with any audited reports 
where relevant. A “third line” check is then completed by an  independent internal review team. Finally, the reports 
are reviewed in detail by the Company’s Audit and Risk Management Committee and then by the full Board which 
must formally authorise the release of any such report to the market.  
CONTINUOUS DISCLOSURE 
T
he Company seeks to provide relevant and timely information to its shareholders and is committed to fulfilling its 
continuous disclosure obligations.  
For personal use only
JB Hi-Fi Limited 
Governance Statement 
7 
 
The Board has approved a Continuous Disclosure Policy to ensure that the procedures for identifying and disclosing 
material price sensitive information in accordance with the Corporations Act and ASX Listing Rules are clearly 
articulated. This policy sets out the obligations of employees in respect of such information. The Group Chief 
Executive Officer , in consultation with the Chairman where appropriat

---

rofit or 
loss, the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income, the consolidated 
statement of changes in equity and the consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended, and notes 
to the financial statements, including material accounting policy information  and other explanatory 
information, the consolidated entity disclosure statement and the directors’ declaration. 
In our opinion, the accompanying financial report of the Group is in accordance with the Corporations Act 2001, 
including: 
• Giving a true and fair view of the Group’s financial position as at 30 June 2026  and of its financial
performance for the year then ended; and
• Complying with Australian Accounting Standards and the Corporations Regulations 2001.
Basis for Opinion 
We conducted our audit in accordance with Australian Auditing Standards. Our responsibilities under those 
standards are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Report section of 
our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with the auditor independence requirements of the 
Corporations Act 2001  and the ethical requirements of the APES 110 Code of Ethics for Professional 
Accountants (including Independence Standards)  issued by the Accounting Professional & Ethical Standards 
Board Limited (the Code) that are relevant to audits of the financial report of public interest entities in Australia. 
We have also fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code. 
We confirm that the independence declaration required by the Corporations Act 2001, which has been given to 
the directors of the Company, would be in the same terms if given to the directors as at the time of this auditor’s 
report. 
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our 
opinion. 
82
For personal use only
Key Audit Matters 
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit 
of the financial report for the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the 
financial report as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on 
these matters.  
Key Audit Matter How the scope of our audit responded to the Key 
Audit Matter 
Inventory existence and valuation 
Refer to Note 8 Inventories 
As at 30 June 2026, the carrying value of the Group’s 
inventories was $1,356.4 million, representing 35% 
of the Group’s total assets.  
Inventories are primarily held at 355 retail stores, 6 
home delivery centres and 2 warehouses in Australia 
and New Zealand. Given the quantum of the 
inventory balance and its nature, there is a greater 
susceptibility to loss and shrinkage, which results in 
an increased risk in relation to existence. 
As detailed in Note 8 of the financial statements, 
inventories are measured at the lower of cost and net 
realisable value on a weighted average basis. The 
cost of inventory represents its purchase price, net 
of associated rebates and discounts. Net realisable 
value represents the estimated selling price of 
inventories less estimated selling costs. 
Provisions are recognised against the cost of 
inventory for items where the net realisable value is 
estimated to be lower than cost. 
There is judgment inherent in: 
• Identifying obsolete, discontinued and slow-
moving inventory, taking into consideration the
nature and condition of the inventory and 
historical inventory turnover compared to 
current inventory on hand. 
• The estimation of net realisable value, taking
into account recent sales history, expected 
future mark downs, expected future sales and
estimated selling costs.
Our audit procedures included the following: 
• Understanding the Group’s processes and
controls for inventory costing, stocktakes and
the measurement of inventory provisions.
• Evaluating the existence of inventory by:
• Attending stocktakes at a sample of
store and warehouse locations to
observe the stocktake process and the
condition of inventory.
• Testing the recording of stocktake
results to the general ledger and testing
inventory movements from count date
to year end.
• Assessing the valuation of inventory by:
• Assessing the application of inventory 
costing methodologies for compliance 
with Australian Accounting Standards,
including the recalculation of weighted
average cost, on a sample basis, with
reference to supplier invoices and
associated supplier terms.
• Testing the accuracy and completeness 
of the report used by the Group to
identify obsolete, discontinued and
slow-moving inventory.
• Examining and challenging the Group’s
estimate of net realisable value with
reference to recent sales history,
expected future mark downs, expected
future sales and estimated selling
costs.
• Evaluating the adequacy of the disclosures
included in Note 8 to the financial statements.
83
For personal use only
Other Information  
The directors are responsible for the other information. 
The other information comprises: 
• The Governance Statement, Directors’ Report, Operating and Financial Review and additional 
securities exchange information, which we obtained prior to the date of this auditor’s report, and are 
included in the Group’s Preliminary Final Report;
• The Chairman’s and Group Chief Executive Officer’s Report, which will be included in the Group’s
annual report, which is expected to be made available to us after the date of this auditor’s report ; and 
• The Sustainability Report upon which we have performed a review of specified sustainability 
disclosures and issued a separate auditor’s review report .
Our opinion on the financial report does not cover the other information and we do not express any form of 
assurance conclusion thereon . The other information includes the sustainability report upon which we have 
performed a review of specified sustainability disclosures and issued a separate auditor’s review report.  
In connection with our audit of the financial report, our responsibility is to read the other information and, in 
doing so, conside

---

equity for the financial year ended 30 June 2026 should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.
91
For personal use only
JB Hi-Fi Limited
Statement of cash flows for thefinancial year ended 30 June 2026
Consolidated
Notes
2026
$m
2025
$m
Cash flows from operating activities
Receipts from customers 12,221.8 11,626.4
Payments to suppliers and employees (11,283.7) (10,664.6)
Interest received 7.1 11.5
Interest and other finance costs paid on borrowings (1.8) (1.7)
Interest on lease liabilities 16 (38.7) (35.3)
Income taxes paid (203.5) (224.7)
Net cash inflow from operating activities 17 701.2 711.6
Cash flows from investing activities
Payment for business combination, net ofcash acquired 25 - (40.8)
Payments for plant and equipment 11 (87.5) (82.3)
Proceeds from sale of plant and equipment 0.1 0.2
Net cash (outflow) from investing activities (87.4) (122.9)
Cash flows from financing activities
Payments for shares acquired by the employee share trust 19 (26.9) (20.9)
Net repaymentof borrowings 18 - (16.4)
Dividends paid to owners of the Company 4 (453.7) (385.9)
Payment of lease liabilities 16 (210.4) (199.2)
Net cash (outflow) from financing activities (691.0) (622.4)
Net decreasein cash and cash equivalents (77.2) (33.7)
Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the financial year 284.1 317.7
Effects of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents (0.4) 0.1
Cash and cash equivalents at end of year 206.5 284.1
The above statement of cash flows for the financial year ended 30 June 2026 should be read in conjunction with the
accompanying notes.
92
For personal use only
JB Hi-Fi Limited
Notes to the financial statements
Contents of the notes to the consolidated financial statements
Page
1 About this report 94
Group Performance 95
2 Segment information 95
3 Earnings per share 96
4 Dividends 97
5 Revenue 97
6 Expenses 99
7 Taxation 99
Operating Assets and Liabilities 102
8 Inventories 102
9 Trade and other receivables 102
10 Other assets 103
11 Plant and equipment 103
12 Intangible assets 104
13 Trade and other payables 106
14 Deferred revenue 106
15 Provisions 106
16 Right-of-use assets and lease liabilities 107
Capital Structure and Risk Management 110
17 Notes to the cash flow statement 110
18 Borrowings 111
19 Contributed equity 111
20 Reserves 113
21 Financial risk management 114
Group Structure 117
22 Subsidiaries 117
23 Deed of cross guarantee 118
24 Parent entity 120
25 Business combination 121
26 Related party transactions 122
Other Disclosures 123
27 Key management personnel disclosures 123
28 Share-based payments 123
29 Contingent liabilities and assets 124
30 Remuneration of auditors 125
31 New accounting standards and interpretations 125
32 Events occurring after thereporting period 126
93
For personal use only
JB Hi-Fi Limited
Notes to the financial statements
1 About this report
These are the consolidated financial statements of JB Hi-Fi Limited (Company or parent entity) and its controlled entities. JB
Hi-Fi Limited and its controlled entities together are referredto in this financial report as the Group. For the purposes of
preparing the consolidated financial statements the Company is a for-profit entity.
(a) Basis of preparation
These general purpose financial statements have been prepared in accordance with Australian Accounting Standards and
interpretations issued by the Australian Accounting Standards Board and the Corporations Act 2001. Comparative figures
have been adjusted for immaterial items post the finalisation of the provisional accounting for theacquisition of e&s. Refer to
Note 25.
(i) Compliance with IFRS
The financial statements of JB Hi-Fi Limited comply with International Financial ReportingStandards (IFRS) as issued by
the International AccountingStandards Board (IASB).
(ii) Historical cost convention
These financialstatements have been prepared under the historical cost convention.
(iii) Corporate information
JB Hi-Fi Limited is a company limited by shares, incorporated and domiciled in Australia. Its registered office and principal
place of business is Podium Level, 60 City Road, Southbank, Victoria.
The financial statements were authorised for issue by the directors on 17August 2026.
(b) Rounding off of amounts
The Company is of a kind referred to in ASIC Corporations (Rounding in Financial/Directors' Reports) Instrument 2026/183
and in accordance with that Corporations Instrument, amounts in the financial report are rounded off to the nearest hundred
thousand dollars, unless otherwise stated.
(c) Sections
The notes in these financialstatements have been organised into the following sections to help users find and understand
the information they need to know:
(i) Group Performance: focuses on the results and performance of the Group;
(ii) Operating Assets and Liabilities: provides information on the assets and liabilities used to generate the Group's
performance;
(iii) Capital Structure and Risk Management: outlines how the Group manages its capital and various financial risks;
(iv) Group Structure: explains aspects of the group structure and how anychanges have affected the financial position
and performance of the Group; and
(v) Other Disclosures: provides information on items which require disclosure to comply with Australian Accounting
Standards and other regulatory pronouncements.
(d) Critical accounting estimatesand assumptions
Estimates and judgements used in the preparation of these financialstatements are continually evaluated and are based on
historical experience and other factors, including expectations of future events that may have a financial impact on the
Group and that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances.
The estimates and assumptions that have a significant risk ofcausing a material adjustment to the carrying amountsof
assets and liabilities withinthe next financial year are included in the following notes:
Areas of judgement and estimate Note
Inventory net realisable value 8
Impairment of goodwill and other intangible assets 12
Right-of-use assets and lease liabilities 16
94
For personal use only
JB Hi-Fi Limited
Notes to the financial statements
Group Performance
2 S

---

ase modifications.
109
For personal use only
JB Hi-Fi Limited
Notes to the financial statements
Capital Structure and Risk Management
17 Notes to the cash flow statement
For the purposes of the cash flow statement, cash and cash equivalents includes cash on hand andin banks, net of
outstanding bank overdrafts.
(a) Reconciliation of cash and cash equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents at the end ofthe financial year as shown in the cash flow statement is reconciled as follows:
Consolidated
2026
$m
2025
$m
Cash 206.5 284.1
Bank overdrafts - -
Cash and cash equivalents 206.5 284.1
(b) Reconciliation of net cash inflow from operating activities to profit
Consolidated
2026
$m
2025
$m
Profit for theyear 489.5 462.8
Depreciation and amortisation 273.8 255.4
Impairment charges 0.2 3.3
Share-based payments - expense 15.0 16.6
Share-based payments - income tax 3.1 1.5
Net loss on disposal of non-current assets 2.2 2.4
Change in operating assets and liabilities:
(Increase) decrease in inventories (65.4) (143.6)
(Increase) decrease in current receivables (0.1) (39.6)
(Increase) decrease in other current assets (1.9) (4.9)
(Increase) decrease in deferred tax assets 0.8 (7.8)
(Increase) decrease in other non-current assets (0.1) (3.7)
(Decrease) increase in current payables (41.2) 139.7
(Decrease) increase in current provisions 0.7 10.4
(Decrease) increase in current deferred revenue 21.1 18.6
(Decrease) increase in non-current provisions 2.7 3.1
(Decrease) increase in non-current deferred revenue (3.3) 9.4
(Decrease) increase in other non-current liabilities 1.2 1.3
(Decrease) increase in current tax liabilities 2.9 (13.3)
Net cash inflow from operating activities 701.2 711.6
110
For personal use only
JB Hi-Fi Limited
Notes to the financial statements
18 Borrowings
Consolidated
2026
$m
2025
$m
Reconciliation of liabilities arising from financing activities
Opening borrowings - 15.0
Acquisition of subsidiary - 1.4
Net (repayment)/drawdown of borrowings - (16.4)
Effects of exchange rate changes - 0.1
Debt issue costs paid - (0.2)
Amortisation of debtissue costs - 0.1
- -
The Group's trade finance facility of $200.0 million,term debt facilities of $50.0 million and bankoverdraft facilities of $20.0
million remain unchanged from 30 June 2025. The Group has total unused borrowing facilities of $270.0 million at 30June
2026 in addition to cash on hand of$206.5 million.Refer to note 21(a) for further details on the Group's financing facilities.
(a) Recognition and measurement
Borrowings are initially recognised at fair value, net oftransaction costs incurred. Borrowings are subsequently measured at
amortised cost.
Borrowings are classified as current liabilities unless the Group has anunconditional right to defer settlement of the liability
for at least 12 months after thereporting date, and intends to do so.
The Group monitors compliance with its financial covenants on a monthly basis and reports compliance on a semi-annual
basis to the banks. The Group has complied with all such requirements during the current and previous year.
19 Contributed equity
(a) Share capital
Parent entity Parent entity
2026
Shares
2025
Shares
2026
$m
2025
$m
Ordinary shares - fully paid 109,333,981 109,333,981 264.5 291.4
Ordinary shares issued are classified as equity and are fully paid, have no parvalue and carry one vote per share and the
right to dividends. Incremental costs directly attributable to the issue of newshares are shown in equity as a deduction, net
of tax, from the proceeds.
If the entity reacquires its own equity instruments, for example, as the result of a share buy-back, those instruments are
deducted fromequity and the associated shares are cancelled. No gain or loss is recognised in the profit or loss and the
consideration paid, including any directly attributable incremental costs (net of income taxes), is recognised directly in
equity.
111
For personal use only
JB Hi-Fi Limited
Notes to the financial statements
19 Contributed equity (continued)
(b) Movements in ordinary share capital
Date Details
Number of
shares $m
1 July 2024 Opening balance 109,333,981 312.3
Unallocated shares held by employee share trust (5,591) -
Balance excluding shares held by employee share trust 109,328,390 312.3
- -
Shares acquired by employee share trust (274,501) (20.9)
Allocation of shares under share option and variable
reward plan 269,542 -
Balance excluding shares held by employee share trust 109,323,431 291.4
- -
Unallocated shares held by employee share trust 10,550 -
30 June 2025 Closing balance 109,333,981 291.4
1 July 2025 Opening balance 109,333,981 291.4
Unallocated shares held by employee share trust (10,550) -
Balance excluding shares held by employee share trust 109,323,431 291.4
- -
Shares acquired by employee share trust (239,685) (26.9)
Allocation of shares under share option and variable
reward plan 238,190 -
Balance excluding shares held by employee share trust 109,321,936 264.5
- -
Unallocated shares held by employee share trust 12,045 -
30 June 2026 Closing balance 109,333,981 264.5
(c) Share options
In accordance with the provisions of the Company's share option plans, as at 30June 2026, executives and non-executive
management have options over 349,255 ordinary shares (of which 12,045 were vested), in aggregate, with various expiry
dates. Refer to note 28 for further details on the Group's share option plans.
As at 30June 2025, executives and non-executive management had options over 430,969 ordinary shares (of which 6,870
were vested), in aggregate, with various expiry dates.
Share options granted under the Company's share option plans carry no rights to dividends and novoting rights.
(d) Capital management
The Board reviews the capital structure on anongoing basis. The Group’s objective is to maintain an optimal capital
structure which seeks to reduce the cost of capital and to ensure the Group has access to adequate capital to sustain the
future development of the business.
As part of its capital management program, the Group monitors the return on invested capital and the gearing ratio. The
Group defines return on invested capital as earnings before interest and tax (

---

e, finance costs and income tax. EBITDA further excludes
depreciation, amortisation and impairment charges.
95
For personal use only
JB Hi-Fi Limited
Notes to the financial statements
3 Earnings per share
Consolidated
2026
Cents
2025
Cents
Basic (cents per share) 448.14 422.98
Diluted (cents per share) 446.71 421.37
(a) Reconciliation of earnings used in calculating earnings per share
Consolidated
2026
$m
2025
$m
Basic earnings per share
Profit for theyear attributable to owners of the Company 489.9 462.4
Diluted earnings per share
Profit for theyear attributable to owners of the Company 489.9 462.4
(b) Weighted average number of shares used as the denominator
Consolidated
2026
No. m
2025
No. m
Weighted average number of ordinary shares used as the denominator in calculating basic
earnings per share 109.3 109.3
Adjustments for calculation of diluted earnings per share:
Options 0.3 0.4
Weighted average number of ordinary and potential ordinary shares used as the
denominator in calculating diluted earnings per share 109.6 109.7
(c) Information concerning the classification of securities
Options
Options granted under the Company's share option plans are considered to be potential ordinary shares and have been
included in the determination of diluted earnings per share to the extent to which they are dilutive (349,255 options are
considered dilutive (2025: 418,267), zero are considered anti-dilutive (2025: zero)). The options have not beenincluded in
the determination of basic earnings per share. Details relating to the options are set out in note 28.
96
For personal use only
JB Hi-Fi Limited
Notes to the financial statements
4 Dividends
2026 2025
Cents per
share $m
Cents per
share $m
Recognised amounts
Final dividend - previousfinancial year 105.00 114.8 103.00 112.6
Special dividend - previousfinancial year 100.00 109.3 80.00 87.5
Interim dividend- current financial year 210.00 229.6 170.00 185.8
415.00 453.7 353.00 385.9
2026 2025
Cents per
share $m
Cents per
share $m
Unrecognised amounts
Final dividend - current financial year 127.00 138.9 105.00 114.8
Special dividend - current financial year - - 100.00 109.3
Total 127.00 138.9 205.00 224.1
In respect of the financial year ended 30 June 2026, the directors have recommendedthe payment of a final dividend of 127
cents per share. The record date is 28 August 2026.
All dividends declared and subsequently paid by the Company are franked to 100% atthe 30% corporate income tax rate.
(a) Franking account balance
Consolidated
2026
$m
2025
$m
Franking credits available for subsequent reporting periodsbased on a tax rate of 30.0%
(2025: 30.0%) 650.2 634.8
The above amounts represent the balance of the franking account as atthe end ofthe financial year, adjusted for franking
credits that will arise from the payment of the amount of the provision for income tax.
The impact on the franking account of the dividend recommended by the directors since year end, but notrecognised as a
liability at year end, will be a reduction in the franking account of $59.5 million (2025: $96.1 million).
5 Revenue
2026
$m
2025
$m
Sale of goods and services - Stores and other channels 9,215.8 8,862.4
Sale of goods and services - Online and over the phone 1,848.2 1,692.4
Total Revenue 11,064.0 10,554.8
97
For personal use only
JB Hi-Fi Limited
Notes to the financial statements
5 Revenue (continued)
(a) Revenue recognition
The Group generates revenuefrom the sale of products and services, both as a principal and as anagent, to retail and
commercial customers. Revenue is recognised in accordance with the principles set out below, in an amount that reflects
the consideration expectedto be received in exchange for those goods or services. Revenue excludes goods and services
tax and is recognised net ofdiscounts and sales returns.
Where payment for thegoods or services is received in advance, the amount is recognised as deferred revenue in the
balance sheet until the goods or services have been delivered to, or collected by, the customer.
Gift cards are considered a prepayment for goods or services to be delivered in the future. The Group recognises deferred
revenue in the balance sheet relating to the gift cards and recognises revenue when the customer redeems the gift card and
the Group fulfils the performance obligationrelated to the transaction. Revenue is also recognised where the likelihood of
the gift card being redeemed by the customer is deemed remote.
(i) Product revenue
The Group generates product revenuefrom the sale of consumer electronics, home appliances and bathroom products.
Product revenue is recognised on a "point in time" basis when control of the goods transfers to the customer. Control of the
goods transfers to the customer either at the point of sale or when the goods are delivered to, or collected by, the customer.
Any fees charged to the customer for delivery arerecognised as revenue when the delivery has beencompleted.
In most cases, the Group is the principal in product revenuetransactions, recognising revenueon a gross basis. For certain
transactions, the Group acts as a sales agent andrecognises commission, which represents the consideration received
from the customer net ofamounts payable tothird parties responsible for fulfilling the performance obligationfor the
customer. The Group typically recognises commissionarising from such transactions when the goods are delivered to the
customer by the third party.
(ii) Services revenue
The Group generates revenuefrom installation, IT services, extended care and customer support services.
The Group recognises revenue for services, such as installation and IT services once the service is completed, as this is
when the customer has the ability to direct the use of andobtain benefits from the service.
For extended care and customer support services where the Group is the principal, revenue is recognised on an"over time
basis" from the date the service commences until the date the service is completed. Such contracts typically contain multiple
performance obligations with service terms ranging up to 7 years. The Group recognises revenue for these serviceson a
usage basis, an input method

---

party.
The Group generated 0.4% of its total revenue on anover time basis in the current year (2025: 0.4%).
98
For personal use only
JB Hi-Fi Limited
Notes to the financial statements
6 Expenses
Consolidated
2026
$m
2025
$m
Profit before income tax includes the following specific expenses:
Profit before income tax includes the following specific expenses:
Finance costs
Interest and other finance costs on borrowings 1.8 1.4
Interest on leases 38.7 35.3
Other interest expense 1.1 0.9
41.6 37.6
Employee benefits expenses
Share-based payments - expense 15.0 16.6
Defined contribution superannuation expense 111.6 101.7
Other employee benefits 1,025.8 979.3
1,152.4 1,097.6
Depreciation and impairment
Depreciation - Plant and equipment 65.7 58.2
Impairment - Plant and equipment 0.2 3.3
Depreciation - Right-of-use assets 208.1 197.3
274.0 258.8
7 Taxation
Consolidated
2026
$m
2025
$m
(a) Income tax expense
Current tax 209.5 217.9
Deferred tax 0.9 (12.7)
210.4 205.2
(b) Numerical reconciliation of income tax expense to prima facie tax payable
Consolidated
2026
$m
2025
$m
Profit from continuing operations before income tax 699.9 668.0
Tax at the Australian tax rate of 30.0% (2025: 30.0%) 210.0 200.4
Effect of expenses that are not deductible in determining taxable profit 5.6 9.7
Effect of different tax rates of subsidiaries operating in other jurisdictions - 0.1
Effect of other deductibles in determining taxable profit (5.4) (4.8)
Unrecognised New Zealand timing differences 0.2 (0.2)
Tax expense 210.4 205.2
99
For personal use only
JB Hi-Fi Limited
Notes to the financial statements
7 Taxation (continued)
(c) Amounts recognised directly in equity
The following current and deferred amounts were charged directly to equity during the period:
Consolidated
2026
$m
2025
$m
Current tax
Tax effect of employee share options in reserves 3.1 1.5
(d) Deferred tax
Consolidated
2026
$m
2025
$m
The balance comprises temporary differences attributable to:
Deferred tax assets
Provisions 50.3 48.3
Inventories 15.6 15.0
Deferred revenue 52.7 52.1
Plant and equipment 34.2 30.3
Lease liabilities 200.9 204.6
Other 5.7 12.7
359.4 363.0
Deferred tax liabilities
Brand names (90.1) (90.1)
Prepayments (24.3) (23.9)
Right-of-use asset (180.2) (183.3)
(294.6) (297.3)
Net deferred tax assets 64.8 65.7
All movements in the above temporary differences have been charged to income.
(e) Recognition and measurement
Current tax
Current tax represents the amount expected to be paid to taxation authorities on taxable income for theperiod, using tax
rates enacted or substantively enacted at the reporting date and anyadjustment to tax payable in respect of previous years.
Current tax forcurrent and prior periods is recognised as a liability (or asset) to the extent that it isunpaid (or refundable).
100
For personal use only
JB Hi-Fi Limited
Notes to the financial statements
7 Taxation (continued)
(e) Recognition and measurement (continued)
Deferred tax
Deferred tax is accounted for using the balance sheet liability method, providing for temporary differences between the
carrying amountsof assets and liabilities under financial reporting and taxation purposes. Deferred tax is measured at the
rates that are expected to apply in the period in which the liability is settled or asset realised, based on tax rates enacted or
substantively enacted at the reporting date.
(f) Tax consolidation legislation
The Company and its wholly owned Australian resident entities are part of a tax consolidated group and are therefore taxed
as a single entity. The head entity within the taxconsolidated group is JB Hi-Fi Limited. The members of the tax
consolidated group are identified at note 22.
Tax expense/income, deferred tax liabilities and deferred tax assets arising from temporary differences of the members of
the taxconsolidated group are recognised in the separate financial statements of the members of the taxconsolidated
group using the ‘separate taxpayer within group’ approach by reference to the carrying amountsin the separate financial
statements of each entity and the taxvalues applying under tax consolidation. Current tax liabilities and assets and deferred
tax assets arising from unused tax losses and relevant tax credits of the members of the taxconsolidated group are
recognised by the Company (as head entity in the taxconsolidated group).
Where the taxcontribution amount recognised by each member of the taxconsolidated group for a particular period is
different to the aggregate of the current tax liability or asset and anydeferred tax asset arising from unused tax losses and
tax credits in respect of that period, the difference is recognised as a contribution from (or distribution to) equity participants.
(g) Nature of tax fundingand tax sharingagreements
Entities within the taxconsolidated group have entered into a tax funding arrangement and a tax sharing agreement with the
head entity. Under the terms of the taxfunding arrangement, JB Hi-Fi Limited and each of the entities in the tax
consolidated group have agreed to pay a tax equivalent payment to or from the head entity, based on the current tax liability
or current tax asset of the entity. Such amounts are reflected in amounts receivable from or payable toother entities in the
tax consolidated group.
The tax sharing agreement entered into between members of the taxconsolidated group provides for thedetermination of
the allocation of income tax liabilities between the entities should the head entity default on its tax payment obligations or if
an entity should leave the taxconsolidated group. The effect of the taxsharing agreement is that each member's liability for
tax payable by the taxconsolidated group is limited tothe amount payable tothe head entity under the taxfunding
agreement.
(h) Pillar Two legislation
The Group has applied the mandatory exception under AASB 112 Income Taxes to the recognition and disclosure of
deferred taxes arising from Pillar Two income taxes. The Group's current tax expense related to Pillar Two income taxes is
nil (2025: nil).
101
For personal use only
JB Hi-Fi Limited
Notes to the financial statements
Operating Assets and Liabilities
8 In

---

ommercial
customers. Individual debts which are known to be uncollectable are written off when identified.
102
For personal use only
JB Hi-Fi Limited
Notes to the financial statements
10 Other assets
Consolidated
2026
$m
2025
$m
Current
Prepayments 48.6 46.5
48.6 46.5
Non-current
Prepayments 57.4 57.2
57.4 57.2
Prepayments includes premiums in relation to extended warranty component of The Good Guys Gold Service Extras
program and general prepaid expenses. Gold Service Extras is an extended care program operated by The Good Guys,
which encompasses a range of features including extended warranty. The prepaid premiums are amortised to profit or loss
over time, concurrent with the recognition of revenue from the extended warranty service.
11 Plant and equipment
Plant and
equipment
$m
Leasehold
improvements
$m
Total
$m
At 1 July 2024
Cost 378.3 293.5 671.8
Accumulated depreciation and impairment (262.5) (212.4) (474.9)
Net book amount 115.8 81.1 196.9
Year ended 30 June 2025
Opening net bookamount 115.8 81.1 196.9
Exchange differences 0.2 0.1 0.3
Acquisition of subsidiary 8.6 0.8 9.4
Additions 45.1 37.2 82.3
Disposals (1.9) (0.7) (2.6)
Depreciation charge (31.1) (27.1) (58.2)
Impairment loss (2.3) (1.0) (3.3)
Closing net bookamount 134.4 90.4 224.8
At 30 June 2025
Cost 417.0 320.9 737.9
Accumulated depreciation and impairment (282.6) (230.5) (513.1)
Net book amount 134.4 90.4 224.8
103
For personal use only
JB Hi-Fi Limited
Notes to the financial statements
11 Plant and equipment(continued)
Plant and
equipment
$m
Leasehold
improvements
$m
Total
$m
Year ended 30 June 2026
Opening net bookamount 134.4 90.4 224.8
Exchange differences (1.5) (0.7) (2.2)
Additions 50.0 37.5 87.5
Disposals (1.4) (0.9) (2.3)
Depreciation charge (33.8) (31.9) (65.7)
Impairment loss (0.2) - (0.2)
Closing net bookamount 147.5 94.4 241.9
At 30 June 2026
Cost 448.4 346.5 794.9
Accumulated depreciation and impairment (300.9) (252.1) (553.0)
Net book amount 147.5 94.4 241.9
(a) Recognition and measurement
Plant and equipment and leasehold improvements are stated at cost less accumulateddepreciation and impairment losses.
Cost includes expenditure that is directly attributable to the acquisition of the item.
Depreciation is calculated on a straight line basis so as to write off thenet cost of each asset over its expected useful life to
its estimated residual value. The estimated useful lives, residual values and depreciation method are reviewed at the end of
each annual reportingperiod taking into consideration physical, economic and environmental factors, which includes, but is
not limited to, asset condition, expected use, wear-and-tear, technology changes, and climate-related risks. The effect of
any changes are recognised on a prospective basis.
The following estimated useful lives are used in the calculation of depreciation:
- Leasehold improvements 1 to 15 years
- Plant and equipment 1.5 to 15 years
12 Intangible assets
Goodwill
$m
Brand names
$m
Total
$m
Year ended 30 June 2025
Opening net bookamount 747.0 284.4 1,031.4
Acquisition of subsidiary (note 25) 33.2 16.1 49.3
Closing net bookamount 780.2 300.5 1,080.7
Year ended 30 June 2026
Opening net bookamount 780.2 300.5 1,080.7
Closing net bookamount 780.2 300.5 1,080.7
(a) Recognition and measurement
Goodwill
Goodwill represents the excess of the cost of anacquisition overthe fair value of the Group’s share of the net identifiable
assets of the acquired subsidiary or business at the date of the acquisition.
104
For personal use only
JB Hi-Fi Limited
Notes to the financial statements
12 Intangible assets (continued)
(a) Recognition and measurement (continued)
Brand names
Brand names that are acquired as part of a business combination are recognised separately fromgoodwill. These assets
are measured at their fair value at the date of acquisition using the relief from royalty method. Brand names are
subsequently carried at cost less accumulatedimpairment losses.
Brand names have indefinite useful lives and therefore do notattract amortisation. As at 30June 2026, management has
concluded that an indefinite useful life remains appropriate as the Group expect to continue using the brand names for the
foreseeable future and there are no legal, technical or commercial factors indicating that the brand names have a limited life.
(b) Impairment testing
The carrying amountof goodwill and brand names is allocated to the following groups of Cash Generating Units (CGUs) for
impairment testing purposes:
Consolidated
2026
$m
2025
$m
Goodwill
The Good Guys 577.9 577.9
JB Hi-Fi Australia 176.4 176.4
e&s 25.9 25.9
780.2 780.2
Brand names
The Good Guys 241.3 241.3
JB Hi-Fi Australia 43.1 43.1
e&s 16.1 16.1
300.5 300.5
The recoverable amount of each CGU has beendetermined based on value in use calculations.
The key assumptions used in the value in use calculations include the FY2027 financial budget, salesgrowth, gross margin,
cost of doing business (CODB) and the discount rate. These assumptions are based on past experience and the Company’s
forecast operating and financial performance for each CGU taking into account current market and economic conditions,
risks, uncertainties and opportunities for improvement for each CGU.
The value in use calculations use cash flow projections over a 5year period, extrapolatedinto perpetuity using a long-term
growth rate. The cash flows projections in Year 1 are based on financial budgets for the2027 financial year, as approved by
the Board. The cash flow projections into perpetuity assume a steady growth rate of 2.5% (2025: 2.5%), which is consistent
with the mid-point of long-term inflation forecastsby recognised bodies.
A post-tax discount rate of 9.5% (2025: 9.5%) has beenused for JB Hi-Fi Australia and The Good Guys CGUs while a
post-tax discount rate of 10% has beenused for thee&s CGU.
The Group has conducted sensitivity analysis taking into consideration the current uncertain macro-economic conditions,
which indicated that no reasonably possible change in key assumptions would result in an impairment loss. Accordingly, the
Group has concluded that no impairment is required based on current market and economic conditions a

---

n 0.3 0.6
137.3 137.0
Non-current
Employee benefits 10.6 9.3
Lease make good provision 38.5 37.5
49.1 46.8
106
For personal use only
JB Hi-Fi Limited
Notes to the financial statements
15 Provisions (continued)
(a) Recognition and measurement
(i) Employee benefits
Liabilities for wages and salaries, including non-monetary benefits, are recognised in respect of employees' services up to
the end ofthe reporting period and are measured at the amounts expected to be paid when the liabilities are settled. The
liability for annual leave and unpaid bonuses are recognised in the provision for employee benefits. All other short-term
employee benefit obligations are presented as payables.
Contributions to defined contribution superannuation plans are expensed when employees have rendered services entitling
them to the contributions.
The liability for long service leave is recognised in the provision for employee benefits and measured as the present value of
expected future payments to be made in respect of services provided by employees, up to the end ofthe reporting period.
Expected future payments are discounted usingthe Australian corporate bond discount rate curve as published by Milliman
with terms to maturity and currency that match, as closely as possible, the estimated future cash outflows.
Management judgement is applied in determining the following key assumptions used in the calculation of long service
leave at balance date:
• future increases in wages and salaries;
• future on cost rates; and
• experience of employee departures and period of service.
(ii) Lease make good provision
The lease makegood provision includes the Group’s best estimate of the amount required to return the Group’s leased
premises to their original condition at the end ofthe lease term in accordance with the terms of the lease.
16 Right-of-use assets and lease liabilities
The Group leases various properties including retail stores, warehouses and offices and equipment in Australia and New
Zealand. Lease agreements are typically entered into for fixed periods rangingfrom 1 to 10 years, have varying terms and
commonly include extension options and annual increase clauses. Certain store leases contain variable lease payment
terms that are linkedto store sales.
Retail store leases can enter ‘hold-over’ from time to time, where the Group continues to occupy and use a property on a
rolling basisbeyond the contractual lease term. This typically occurs when a lease renewal process extends beyond the
expiry of the lease, with both the Group and lessor having an economic incentive for thelease arrangement to continue in
expectation of reaching an agreement on renewal terms. Refer to note 16(e) for theGroup’s key judgements in accounting
for leases in hold-over.
The carrying value of right-of-use assets and lease liabilities is presented below:
(a) Right-of-use assets
Properties Equipment Total
$m $m $m
At 1 July 2024
Cost 1,140.0 13.0 1,153.0
Accumulated depreciation and impairment (576.0) (8.7) (584.7)
Carrying value 564.0 4.3 568.3
Year ended 30 June 2025
Opening carrying value 564.0 4.3 568.3
Acquisition of subsidiary 30.6 1.2 31.8
Additions, modifications and other reassessments of leases 232.3 3.4 235.7
Depreciation (194.2) (3.1) (197.3)
Foreign exchange translation 0.2 - 0.2
Closing carrying value 632.9 5.8 638.7
107
For personal use only
JB Hi-Fi Limited
Notes to the financial statements
16 Right-of-use assets and lease liabilities (continued)
Properties Equipment Total
$m $m $m
At 30 June 2025
Cost 1,341.9 15.9 1,357.8
Accumulated depreciation and impairment (709.0) (10.1) (719.1)
Closing carrying value 632.9 5.8 638.7
Year ended 30 June 2026
Opening carrying value 632.9 5.8 638.7
Additions, modifications and other reassessments of leases 194.0 8.5 202.5
Depreciation (205.3) (2.8) (208.1)
Foreign exchange translation (2.3) - (2.3)
Closing carrying value 619.3 11.5 630.8
At 30 June 2026
Cost 1,392.1 22.1 1,414.2
Accumulated depreciation and impairment (772.8) (10.6) (783.4)
Closing carrying value 619.3 11.5 630.8
(b) Lease liabilities
Properties Equipment Total
$m $m $m
Year ended 30 June 2025
Opening carrying value 638.0 4.4 642.4
Acquisition of subsidiary 30.6 1.2 31.8
New and modified leases 235.7 3.5 239.2
Payment of lease liabilities (196.1) (3.1) (199.2)
Payment of interest on lease liabilities (35.0) (0.3) (35.3)
Interest expense 35.0 0.3 35.3
Foreign exchange translation 0.2 - 0.2
Closing carrying value 708.4 6.0 714.4
At 30 June 2025
Current 199.1 2.1 201.2
Non-Current 509.3 3.9 513.2
Total 708.4 6.0 714.4
Year ended 30 June 2026
Opening carrying value 708.4 6.0 714.4
New and modified leases 195.3 8.6 203.9
Payment of lease liabilities (207.7) (2.7) (210.4)
Payment of interest on lease liabilities (38.2) (0.5) (38.7)
Interest expense 38.2 0.5 38.7
Foreign exchange translation (2.9) - (2.9)
Closing carrying value 693.1 11.9 705.0
At 30 June 2026
Current 205.7 2.9 208.6
Non-Current 487.4 9.0 496.4
Total 693.1 11.9 705.0
108
For personal use only
JB Hi-Fi Limited
Notes to the financial statements
16 Right-of-use assets and lease liabilities (continued)
(c) Amounts recognised in the Statement of Profit or Loss
2026 2025
$m $m
Depreciation expense on right-of-use assets 208.1 197.3
Interest expense on lease liabilities 38.7 35.3
Property lease expense (i) 18.1 14.9
(i) The property lease expense includes short-term, low value and variable rent expenses which are included within
occupancy expenses.
(d) Recognition and measurement
A right-of-use asset and corresponding lease liability are recognised at commencement of the lease.
Lease liabilities are initially measured at the present value of the lease payments, discountedat the rate implicit in the lease,
or if that cannot be readily determined, at the Group's incremental borrowing rate. The weighted average incremental
borrowing rate used during the year was 5.70% (2025: 5.51%).
Lease liabilities are subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective interest rate method. Lease liabilities are
remeasured, with a corresponding adjustment to the right-of-use asset, when there is a change in future lease payments
resulting from a rent r

---

ture that provides the Group with balance
sheet capacity to invest in organic and inorganic opportunities.
112
For personal use only
JB Hi-Fi Limited
Notes to the financial statements
19 Contributed equity (continued)
(d) Capital management (continued)
The Group’s return on invested capital and gearing ratios as at 30June 2026 and 30June 2025 were as follows:
Consolidated
2026
$m
2025
$m
Return on invested capital
Profit before tax 699.9 668.0
Net finance costs 34.5 26.1
EBIT 734.4 694.1
Cash and cash equivalents (206.5) (284.1)
Net cash (206.5) (284.1)
Total equity 1,643.3 1,621.8
Invested capital 1,436.8 1,337.7
Return on invested capital 51.1% 51.9%
Gearing ratio
Borrowings - -
a
EBIT 734.4 694.1
Depreciation and impairment 274.0 258.8
EBITDA 1,008.4 952.9
Gearing ratio 0.00 0.00
20 Reserves
Consolidated
2026
$m
2025
$m
Equity-settled benefits 32.3 32.1
Control reserve (23.1) (23.1)
Hedging reserves 0.8 0.8
Foreign currency translation reserve (0.4) 5.1
9.6 14.9
(a) Nature and purpose of reserves
(i) Equity-settled benefits
The equity-settled benefits reserve arises as the share options and restricted shares granted to executives and
non-executive management under the Company's share option plans and variable reward plan are expensed. Further
information about share-based payments is innote 28 to the financial statements.
(ii) Control reserve
The control reserve is used in the recognition of putoption liabilities over the balance of non-controlling interests. The
control reserve is also used to represent the excess of the purchase consideration over the balance of a non-controlling
interest at the date a change in ownership of a subsidiary occurs.
(iii) Hedging reserves
Hedging reserves include gains and losses recognised on the effective portion of foreign currency loans in previous periods
designated as netinvestment hedges. The gains and losses deferred due to the net investment hedge are recognised in the
profit or loss when the foreign operation is disposed.
113
For personal use only
JB Hi-Fi Limited
Notes to the financial statements
20 Reserves (continued)
(a) Nature and purpose of reserves (continued)
(iv) Foreign currency translation reserve
Exchange differences relating to the translation of the Group's foreign controlled entities from their functional currencies into
Australian dollars are brought to account directly to the foreign currency translation reserve.
21 Financial risk management
The Group’s activities expose it to a variety of financial risks, including market risk (foreign currency and interest rate risk),
liquidity risk andcredit risk.
The Group seeks to minimise the effects of these risks, by using various financial instruments, including derivativefinancial
instruments. The Group does notenter into or trade financial instruments, including derivativefinancial instruments, for
speculative purposes. The use of financial derivatives is governed by the Group’s policies approved by the Board of
directors, which provide written principles on the use of financial derivatives.
The Group holds the following financial assets and liabilities at reporting date:
Consolidated
2026
$m
2025
$m
Financial assets
Cash and cash equivalents 206.5 284.1
Trade and other receivables 184.6 186.5
391.1 470.6
Financial liabilities
Trade and other payables 846.6 893.4
Lease liabilities 705.0 714.4
Other financial liabilities 18.5 17.9
1,570.1 1,625.7
Other financial liabilities relate to the present value of the redemption amount of the put option on e&s.
(a) Liquidity risk
Ultimate responsibility for liquidity risk management rests with the Board of directors, who assess the Group’s short, medium
and long-term funding and liquidity management requirements. The Group manages liquidity risk bymaintaining adequate
reserves, banking facilities and reserve borrowing facilities and bycontinuously monitoring forecast and actual cash flows.
114
For personal use only
JB Hi-Fi Limited
Notes to the financial statements
21 Financial risk management (continued)
(a) Liquidity risk (continued)
Financing arrangements
The Group had access to the following borrowing facilities at the end ofthe reporting period:
Consolidated
2026
$m
2025
$m
Unsecured bank overdraft facility (renewable annually):
amount used - -
amount unused 20.0 20.0
20.0 20.0
Unsecured trade finance facility (renewable annually):
amount used - -
amount unused 200.0 200.0
200.0 200.0
Unsecured indemnity guarantees:
amount used 8.0 4.4
amount unused 6.5 8.5
14.5 12.9
Unsecured bank loan facilities (term debt expiring December 2027):
amount used - -
amount unused 50.0 50.0
50.0 50.0
Headroom in total borrowing facilities (excluding security indemnity guarantees) 270.0 270.0
Maturities of financial liabilities
The following tables detailthe Group’s remaining contractual maturity for its financial liabilities. The tables have been drawn
up based on the undiscounted cash flows of financial liabilities based on the earliest date on which the Group can be
required to pay. The table includes both principal and estimated interest cash flows.
The weighted average interest rate disclosed for lease liabilities represents the incremental borrowing rates over the lease
term at the time the leases were entered into or modified. The weighted average interest rate disclosed for bank loans
represents the interest rates that applied during the financial year to bank loans and does notrepresent the interest rates
that may apply in the future.
Cash flows for financial liabilities without fixed amount or timing are based on the conditions existing at the reporting date.
Less than
6 months
6 -12
months
Between
1 and 2
years
Between
2 and 5
years
Over 5
years
Total Weighted
average
effective
interest
rate
2025 $m $m $m $m $m $m %
Financial liabilities
Trade and other payables 893.4 - - - - 893.4 -%
Lease liabilities 119.3 113.8 203.1 311.9 50.4 798.5 5.51%
Other financial liabilities - - - 22.1 - 22.1 5.40%
1,012.7 113.8 203.1 334.0 50.4 1,714.0 10.91%
115
For personal use only
JB Hi-Fi Limited
Notes to the financial statements
21 Financial risk management (continued)
(a) Liquidity risk (continued)
Less than
6 months
6 -12
months
Between
1