Disclaimer* Creo Medical Group PLC 23 July 2026 Creo Medical Group plc ("Creo", the "Company" or the "Group") MicroBlate™ Flex exceeds 100 clinical cases as adoption builds Milestone reflects increasing utilisation across leading centres in the UK and Europe and the potential long-term commercial opportunity for Creo's flexible microwave ablation product Creo Medical Group plc (AIM: CREO), the medical device company focused on the emerging field of minimally invasive surgical endoscopy for pre-cancer and cancer patients, announces that more than 100 clinical cases have now been completed using its MicroBlate™ Flex microwave ablation product. Exceeding 100 clinical cases marks an important step in building procedural expertise and clinical confidence. This milestone reflects the continuing progress in the clinical rollout of MicroBlate™ Flex following the previously announced commencement of lung tumour procedures. It also indicates increased use of a new breakthrough device changing lung cancer treatment as clinicians gain experience with the product and its integration into emerging minimally invasive treatment pathways. While the product is still at an early stage of roll-out the Company expects case numbers to rise rapidly over the next 12 months. MicroBlate™ Flex is Creo's soft tissue microwave ablation product, designed to deliver precise, controlled ablation of nodules and tumours in several tissue types through a flexible endoscopic platform. MicroBlate™ Flex is particularly suited to the treatment of hard-to-reach lesions, including lung tumours, where minimally invasive access and precise energy delivery are critical. Management believe the potential market size for MicroBlate™ Flex applications is significant. Alongside commercial development, Creo remains focused on expanding the clinical evidence base for MicroBlate™ Flex through ongoing clinical studies, post-market data generation, investigator-led research and scientific publications. Importantly, the growing body of clinical experience is contributing to the continued development of treatment workflows combining robotic-assisted navigation and flexible microwave ablation. This forms part of Creo's previously announced long-term collaboration with Intuitive Surgical, Inc. and is helping to build real-world experience in minimally invasive robotic-assisted lung tumour treatment pathways. Commenting on the clinical experience, Professor Pallav Shar, Consultant Respiratory Physician, Guy's and St Thomas' NHS Foundation Trust, said: "The utility of robotic assisted bronchoscopy with Creo's MicroBlate™ Flex microwave ablation system broadens treatment options, particularly for patients with severe lung disease who may not have any other treatment options." Commenting on the milestone, Craig Gulliford, Chief Executive Officer of Creo Medical, said: "This milestone is a clear signal that the adoption and utilisation of MicroBlate™ Flex is building. We are seeing growing clinician engagement and utilisation, encouraging integration into clinical workflows across participating centres and real-world momentum as physicians gain experience with the product and its capabilities. "The procedures in which MicroBlate™ Flex is being used have additional strategic value in helping clinicians develop treatment pathways that combine robotic navigation and microwave ablation, while also contributing to the evidence, workflow development and understanding of health economics that will support broader adoption. "Together with our ongoing post-market clinical programme and previously announced long-term collaboration with Intuitive, this milestone is another important step in establishing MicroBlate™ Flex as a differentiated product in the evolving treatment landscape for early-stage lung cancer, where increasing rates of earlier diagnosis are creating greater demand for precise, minimally invasive options." For further information please contact: Creo Medical Group plc www.creomedical.com Richard Craven, Company Secretary Via Walbrook PR Shore Capital (Nominated Adviser and Corporate Broker) Daniel Bush / Lucy Bowden +44 (0)20 7408 4090 Walbrook PR Ltd Tel: +44 (0)20 7933 8780 or creo@walbrookpr.com Paul McManus / Alice Woodings Mob: +44 (0)7980 541 893 / +44 (0)7407 804 654 About Creo Medical Creo is a medical device company focused on the development and commercialisation of minimally invasive electrosurgical devices, bringing advanced energy to endoscopy. The Company's vision is to improve patient outcomes through the development and commercialisation of a suite of electrosurgical medical devices, each enabled by CROMA, powered by Kamaptive. The Group has developed the CROMA powered by Kamaptive full-spectrum adaptive technology to optimise surgical capability and patient outcomes. Kamaptive is a seamless, intuitive integration of multi-modal energy sources, optimised to dynamically adapt to patient tissue during procedures such as resection, dissection, coagulation, and ablation of tissue. Kamaptive technology provides clinicians with increased flexibility, precision and controlled surgical solutions. CROMA currently delivers bipolar radiofrequency ("RF") energy for precise localised cutting and focused high frequency microwave ("MW") energy for controlled coagulation and ablation via a single accessory port. This technology, combined with the Group's range of patented electrosurgical devices, is designed to provide clinicians with flexible, accurate and controlled clinical solutions. The Directors believe the Company's technology can impact the landscape of surgery and endoscopy by providing a safer, less invasive and more cost-efficient option for procedures. For more information, please refer to the website www.creomedical.com This information is provided by Reach, the non-regulatory press release distribution service of RNS, part of the London Stock Exchange. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Creo Medical Group (CREO) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 37 minutes ago Gresham House Energy Storage Fund 40 minutes ago Ashmore Group 43 minutes ago Ashmore Group 1 hour ago St James's Place 1 hour ago St James's Place All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and