Director/PDMR Share Dealing Creo Medical Group PLC 12 August 2025 LEI: 213800H188ZDCWWXFA21 Creo Medical Group plc ("Creo" the "Company" or the "Group") Director/PDMR Share Dealing Creo Medical Group plc (AIM: CREO), the medical device company focused on the emerging field of minimally invasive surgical endoscopy for pre-cancer and cancer patients , was informed on 8 August 2025 that Richard Rees, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, passed the control of 362,408 ordinary shares of 0.1 pence each in the Company ("Ordinary Shares") to three of his children who are now aged eighteen or older. Consequently, Mr Rees's total beneficial interest in the Company has reduced by 362,408 Ordinary Shares to 2,707,555 1 Ordinary Shares, representing approximately 0.66% of the Company's issued share capital. 1 Including shares held by certain other PCAs of Mr Rees For further information please contact: Creo Medical Group plc www.creomedical.com Richard Craven, Company Secretary Via Walbrook PR Deutsche Numis (Nominated Adviser, Broker and Financial Adviser) Freddie Barnfield / Duncan Monteith / Sher Shah +44 (0)20 7260 1000 Walbrook PR Ltd Tel: +44 (0)20 7933 8780 or creo@walbrookpr.com Paul McManus / Alice Woodings Mob: +44 (0)7980 541 893 / +44 (0)7407 804 654 About Creo Medical Creo is a medical device company focused on the development and commercialisation of minimally invasive electrosurgical devices, bringing advanced energy to endoscopy. The Company's vision is to improve patient outcomes through the development and commercialisation of a suite of electrosurgical medical devices, each enabled by CROMA, powered by Kamaptive. The Group has developed the CROMA powered by Kamaptive full-spectrum adaptive technology to optimise surgical capability and patient outcomes. Kamaptive is a seamless, intuitive integration of multi-modal energy sources, optimised to dynamically adapt to patient tissue during procedures such as resection, dissection, coagulation, and ablation of tissue. Kamaptive technology provides clinicians with increased flexibility, precision and controlled surgical solutions. CROMA currently delivers bipolar radiofrequency ("RF") energy for precise localised cutting and focused high frequency microwave ("MW") energy for controlled coagulation and ablation via a single accessory port. This technology, combined with the Group's range of patented electrosurgical devices, is designed to provide clinicians with flexible, accurate and controlled clinical solutions. The Directors believe the Company's technology can impact the landscape of surgery and endoscopy by providing a safer, less invasive and more cost-efficient option for procedures. For more information, please refer to the website www.creomedical.com NOTIFICATION AND PUBLIC DISCLOSURE OF TRANSACTIONS BY PERSONS DISCHARGING MANAGERIAL RESPONSIBILITIES AND PERSONS CLOSELY ASSOCIATED WITH THEM 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / person closely associated a) Name Richard John Rees 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/status Chief Finance Officer b) Initial notification/Amendment Initial Notification 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name Creo Medical Group plc b) LEI 213800H188ZDCWWXFA21 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Ordinary shares of £0.001 each Identification code GB00BZ1BLL44 b) Nature of the transaction Transfer of Ordinary Shares c) Price(s) and volumes(s) Price(s) Volume(s) Nil 167,038 d) Aggregated information Aggregated volume 167,038 Price Nil e) Date of the transaction 8 August 2025 f) Place of the transaction London Stock Exchange 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / person closely associated a) Name Richard John Rees 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/status Chief Finance Officer b) Initial notification/Amendment Initial Notification 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name Creo Medical Group plc b) LEI 213800H188ZDCWWXFA21 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Ordinary shares of £0.001 each Identification code GB00BZ1BLL44 b) Nature of the transaction Transfer of Ordinary Shares c) Price(s) and volumes(s) Price(s) Volume(s) Nil 121,086 d) Aggregated information Aggregated volume 121,086 Price Nil e) Date of the transaction 8 August 2025 f) Place of the transaction London Stock Exchange 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / person closely associated a) Name Richard John Rees 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/status Chief Finance Officer b) Initial notification/Amendment Initial Notification 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name Creo Medical Group plc b) LEI 213800H188ZDCWWXFA21 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Ordinary shares of £0.001 each Identification code GB00BZ1BLL44 b) Nature of the transaction Transfer of Ordinary Shares c) Price(s) and volumes(s) Price(s) Volume(s) Nil 74,284 d) Aggregated information Aggregated volume 74,284 Price Nil e) Date of the transaction 8 August 2025 f) Place of the transaction London Stock Exchange This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Creo Medical Group (CREO) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 37 minutes ago Gresham House Energy Storage Fund 40 minutes ago Ashmore Group 43 minutes ago Ashmore Group 1 hour ago St James's Place 1 hour ago St James's Place All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and