Disclaimer* Creo Medical Group PLC 22 May 2026 THIS ANNOUNCEMENT WAS DEEMED BY THE COMPANY TO CONTAIN INSIDE INFORMATION AS STIPULATED UNDER THE MARKET ABUSE REGULATIONS (EU) NO. 596/2014 AS THEY FORM PART OF UK DOMESTIC LAW BY VIRTUE OF THE EUROPEAN UNION (WITHDRAWAL) ACT 2018. WITH THE PUBLICATION OF THIS ANNOUNCEMENT, THIS INFORMATION IS NOW CONSIDERED TO BE IN THE PUBLIC DOMAIN. Creo Medical Group plc ("Creo", the "Company" or the "Group") Proposed Sale of 49% Interest in Creo Medical SL Creo Medical Group plc (the "Company" or "Creo") announces that it has entered into a non-binding agreement ("LOI") with a company (the "Purchaser") owned by Luis Collantes, the CEO of Creo Medical S.L., regarding the potential sale and purchase of the Company's entire 49% shareholding in Creo Medical S.L. ("Creo Medical Europe" or "CME") (the "Proposed Transaction"). The LOI sets out the principal terms on which the Purchaser would acquire Creo's remaining minority interest in CME, either directly or through a newly incorporated acquisition vehicle. The Proposed Transaction is based on an indicative enterprise value for CME in line with its carrying value as at 31 December 2025 , subject to customary closing adjustments and on a cash-free, debt-free basis. Consideration is expected to be satisfied in cash in full at completion. The Proposed Transaction remains subject to, inter alia, shareholder pre-emption processes being undertaken, satisfactory completion of due diligence by the Purchaser, agreement of definitive transaction documentation between the parties and receipt of final financing approvals. The parties are targeting completion within three months. There can be no certainty that the Proposed Transaction will progress to definitive transaction documentation and complete, nor as to the final terms of the Proposed Transaction. The Proposed Transaction would enable the Company to realise value from its minority investment and further strengthen its balance sheet to allow the Company to continue to deliver on its accelerating growth strategy, reach profitability and achieve sustainable cash flow generation. Creo will maintain its strong relationship with CME, with CME to continue to act as the Company's distributor in key European jurisdictions for its advanced energy products. On completion, the Company will not participate in any future profits or dividends from CME. A further announcement in respect of the Proposed Transaction will be made in due course. Craig Gulliford, Chief Executive Officer of Creo Medical, said: "This proposed transaction represents an opportunity to crystallise value from our minority interest in CME at an attractive valuation. It supports our strategic priority of simplifying the Group and strengthening the balance sheet, while enabling continued investment in our product range, commercial expansion and other commercialisation opportunities with our technology platform." For further information please contact: Creo Medical Group plc www.creomedical.com Richard Craven, Company Secretary Via Walbrook PR Deutsche Numis (Nominated Adviser and Joint Broker) Duncan Monteith / Sher Shah +44 (0)20 7545 8000 Shore Capital (Joint Broker) Daniel Bush / Lucy Bowden +44 (0)20 7408 4090 Walbrook PR Ltd Tel: +44 (0)20 7933 8780 or creo@walbrookpr.com Paul McManus / Alice Woodings Mob: +44 (0)7980 541 893 / +44 (0)7407 804 654 About Creo Medical Creo is a medical device company focused on the development and commercialisation of minimally invasive electrosurgical devices, bringing advanced energy to endoscopy. The Company's vision is to improve patient outcomes through the development and commercialisation of a suite of electrosurgical medical devices, each enabled by CROMA, powered by Kamaptive. The Group has developed the CROMA powered by Kamaptive full-spectrum adaptive technology to optimise surgical capability and patient outcomes. Kamaptive is a seamless, intuitive integration of multi-modal energy sources, optimised to dynamically adapt to patient tissue during procedures such as resection, dissection, coagulation, and ablation of tissue. Kamaptive technology provides clinicians with increased flexibility, precision and controlled surgical solutions. CROMA currently delivers bipolar radiofrequency ("RF") energy for precise localised cutting and focused high frequency microwave ("MW") energy for controlled coagulation and ablation via a single accessory port. This technology, combined with the Group's range of patented electrosurgical devices, is designed to provide clinicians with flexible, accurate and controlled clinical solutions. The Directors believe the Company's technology can impact the landscape of surgery and endoscopy by providing a safer, less invasive and more cost-efficient option for procedures. For more information, please refer to the website www.creomedical.com This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Creo Medical Group (CREO) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 20 minutes ago IG Group Holdings 30 minutes ago Investec 44 minutes ago Regional REIT Limited 1 hour ago Centrica 1 hour ago Informa All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and