Disclaimer* Creo Medical Group PLC 20 January 2026 Creo Medical Group plc ("Creo", the "Company" or the "Group") FY25 Trading Update A year of strong financial and operational delivery 50% revenue growth and 20% reduction in underlying operating costs Continued clinical adoption by new users and increased utilisation of Core Products Creo Medical Group plc (AIM: CREO), the medical device company focused on the emerging field of minimally invasive surgical endoscopy for pre-cancer and cancer patients, provides a trading update for the year ended 31 December 2025 (FY25). All financials below relate to continuing operations. Financial highlights · 50% revenue growth to £6.0m (FY24: £4.0m), in-line with market expectations and management guidance, and reflects H2'25 revenue increasing by 58% versus the respective prior period (H2'24: £2.4m) at £3.8m. · 20% reduction in underlying operating costs to £ 18.4 m (FY24: £ 23.8 m) reflecting the full impact of actions taken in FY24 and continued cost control in FY25. · Underlying operating loss reduced by more than 40% to £13.3m (FY24: £22.3m). · Cash and cash equivalents of £ 12.4 m at year end (30 June 2025: £20.5m; 31 December 2024: £8.7m). Operational overview Creo delivered a strong trading performance in 2025. Revenues were up 50% supported by continued clinical adoption of Creo's products by new users and increased demand from existing users as utilisation increased. The Company's core product portfolio, with a growing range of clinical applications and proven benefits for patients and healthcare practitioners, is gaining commercial momentum. In particular: Resection: · Speedboat® Notch continues to see increased use in advanced procedures, including upper GI per-oral endoscopic myotomies (POEMs), which have favourable reimbursement in major markets. There was also increased use in GI resection procedures, which are expected to benefit from reimbursement codes in the USA from 2027. · Following regulatory clearance and its commercial launch in the US, UK and EU during the year, the reception of Creo's SpydrBlade™ Flex device has been encouraging . Ablation · MicroBlate™ Flex continued to be employed in multiple studies to treat lung tumours, with commercial sales from the initial sites now coming through. · A limited market release of MicroBlate™ Fine has taken place in key research sites in Europe, APAC and the USA, where clinical data will be collected for the treatment of lesions in the pancreas and liver. There is growing recognition amongst leading clinicians of the benefits of Creo's innovative products. This is reflected in a growing body of papers, abstracts and case studies. A selection of these can be accessed through Creo's Clinical Resources bibliography at: https://www.creomedical.com/en/investors/creo-medical-clinical-resources-bibliography Outlook The outlook for FY26 and beyond is positive. The Board is confident in the Group meeting its expectations for FY26, and with continued sequential growth period-on-period, improved operational efficiency and financial discipline, the Company is well positioned on its path to deliver self-sustaining cashflows and increased value to shareholders. Notice of Results Creo will announce full year results in April 2026. A further announcement confirming a date for publication of the results will be issued in due course. Kevin Crofton, Chair, commented: " The second half of FY25 represents two more consecutive quarters of consistent delivery against management expectations. We continue to be focused on achieving high revenue growth, improved operational efficiency and continued cost control to become cash positive. Strategically, our products are well positioned in growing attractive markets creating significant potential for shareholder returns. " Craig Guliford, CEO, commented: " I am proud of our performance in FY25. We have achieved substantial growth in revenues supported by increased adoption of our core products and growing demand. In addition, we continued to strengthen our product portfolio with the introduction of new products and progress in clinical studies that support new clinical applications in key markets. The benefits of our innovative products have growing recognition from key opinion leading worldwide. Together, this creates confidence and optimism for the future potential of Creo. " For further information please contact: Creo Medical Group plc www.creomedical.com Richard Craven, Company Secretary Via Walbrook PR Deutsche Numis (Nominated Adviser, Broker and Financial Adviser) Freddie Barnfield / Duncan Monteith / Sher Shah +44 (0)20 7260 1000 Walbrook PR Ltd Tel: +44 (0)20 7933 8780 or creo@walbrookpr.com Paul McManus / Alice Woodings Mob: +44 (0)7980 541 893 / +44 (0)7407 804 654 About Creo Medical Creo is a medical device company focused on the development and commercialisation of minimally invasive electrosurgical devices, bringing advanced energy to endoscopy. The Company's vision is to improve patient outcomes through the development and commercialisation of a suite of electrosurgical medical devices, each enabled by CROMA, powered by Kamaptive. The Group has developed the CROMA powered by Kamaptive full-spectrum adaptive technology to optimise surgical capability and patient outcomes. Kamaptive is a seamless, intuitive integration of multi-modal energy sources, optimised to dynamically adapt to patient tissue during procedures such as resection, dissection, coagulation, and ablation of tissue. Kamaptive technology provides clinicians with increased flexibility, precision and controlled surgical solutions. CROMA currently delivers bipolar radiofrequency ("RF") energy for precise localised cutting and focused high frequency microwave ("MW") energy for controlled coagulation and ablation via a single accessory port. This technology, combined with the Group's range of patented electrosurgical devices, is designed to provide clinicians with flexible, accurate and controlled clinical solutions. The Directors believe the Company's technology can impact the landscape of surgery and endoscopy by providing a safer, less invasive and more cost-efficient option for procedures. For more information, please refer to the website www.creomedical.com This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Creo Medical Group (CREO) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 19 minutes ago IG Group Holdings 30 minutes ago Investec 44 minutes ago Regional REIT Limited 1 hour ago Centrica 1 hour ago Informa All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and