Disclaimer* Creo Medical Group PLC 16 April 2026 Creo Medical Group plc ("Creo", the "Company" or the "Group") Disposal and outsourcing of manufacturing Sale of manufacturing business to further reduce operating costs and improve margins Creo Medical Group plc (AIM: CREO), the medical device company focused on the emerging field of minimally invasive surgical endoscopy for pre-cancer and cancer patients, announces that it has entered into an agreement to sell its manufacturing operations to Creo's current manufacturing operations management as a management buyout (the "Manufacturing Disposal"), for an undisclosed amount. Under the terms of the Manufacturing Disposal, a newly established company controlled by the current management of Creo's manufacturing operations ("NewCo"), will, subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions, acquire all of Creo's UK manufacturing operations. As a result, 25 full-time employees will transfer from Creo to NewCo at closing. The transaction is expected to close in May. Manufacturing of Creo's product portfolio will be undertaken by NewCo as a third-party manufacturer, ensuring continuity of supply and manufacturing quality, and facilitating a strong ongoing relationship between NewCo and Creo. Craig Gulliford, Creo's CEO, will support the effective transition of Creo's manufacturing outsourcing to NewCo by becoming a non-executive director of NewCo. As part of the Group's strategy to improve operational efficiency and financial discipline, as set out in the Company's 2024 Annual Report, Creo has been actively reviewing its manufacturing strategy. The Manufacturing Disposal and outsourcing relationship is consistent with the Company's strategy to pivot to a lean, new product introduction company that designs, builds and tests medical devices that are then produced by third party partners. Having considered various options, the transaction represented the best outsourcing option, delivering financial benefits while derisking the technology transfer, maintaining the know-how of an experienced team and ensuring continuity of supply. The manufacturing outsourcing is expected to reduce the Company's annual operating costs by over £1m, representing a further 15% reduction from the FY25 closing run rate on a pro forma basis, which were already c.40% lower than the FY24 closing operating cost run rate. Peter Tomlinson, current Chief Operating Officer at Creo and CEO of NewCo, said: " This strategic decision marks an exciting new chapter for the Creo Medical Operations team. Having developed the manufacturing capability within Creo, we see a clear opportunity to establish a focused, world-class medical device manufacturing and engineering business. We will have the agility to invest, scale, and support a wide range of medical device innovators while continuing to serve as a trusted partner to Creo. Our ambition is to build a highly capable and globally competitive manufacturing platform for advanced medical technologies. "We remain deeply committed to supporting Creo Medical's growth and innovation, and the long-term partnership between our organisations will continue to be a cornerstone of our future. " Craig Guliford, CEO, commented: "We have a commitment to improve the operational efficiency of the business and focus on our core strengths as a world class medical device design, clinical application and sales execution business. The outsourcing of product manufacturing has been a key part of this strategy, having already outsourced our next generation bipolar range in our near-term product launch program. This is a further important milestone enabling us to scale our business with increasing volumes on the back of a maturing manufacturing process. "We are extremely proud of the sophisticated manufacturing operation and talented team we have developed for our class leading products over the last few years which have enabled us to reach this point. "Having looked at the options available for our outsourcing strategy, it became very clear that the capability within the operations team stands out in the UK peer group we evaluated. I am excited to see our volumes grow in the short term and working closely with Peter and the team as they embark on realising the growth potential in this area of the devices market. "This enables the team at Creo to focus on that which is unique to us, significantly differentiated product design, clinical application and sales execution through our sales channels with real traction and momentum." For further information please contact: Creo Medical Group plc www.creomedical.com Richard Craven, Company Secretary Via Walbrook PR Deutsche Numis (Nominated Adviser, Joint Broker and Financial Adviser) Duncan Monteith / Sher Shah +44 (0)20 7260 1000 Shore Capital (Joint Broker) Daniel Bush / Lucy Bowden +44 (0)20 7408 4090 Walbrook PR Ltd Tel: +44 (0)20 7933 8780 or creo@walbrookpr.com Paul McManus / Alice Woodings Mob: +44 (0)7980 541 893 / +44 (0)7407 804 654 About Creo Medical Creo is a medical device company focused on the development and commercialisation of minimally invasive electrosurgical devices, bringing advanced energy to endoscopy. The Company's vision is to improve patient outcomes through the development and commercialisation of a suite of electrosurgical medical devices, each enabled by CROMA, powered by Kamaptive. The Group has developed the CROMA powered by Kamaptive full-spectrum adaptive technology to optimise surgical capability and patient outcomes. Kamaptive is a seamless, intuitive integration of multi-modal energy sources, optimised to dynamically adapt to patient tissue during procedures such as resection, dissection, coagulation, and ablation of tissue. Kamaptive technology provides clinicians with increased flexibility, precision and controlled surgical solutions. CROMA currently delivers bipolar radiofrequency ("RF") energy for precise localised cutting and focused high frequency microwave ("MW") energy for controlled coagulation and ablation via a single accessory port. This technology, combined with the Group's range of patented electrosurgical devices, is designed to provide clinicians with flexible, accurate and controlled clinical solutions. The Directors believe the Company's technology can impact the landscape of surgery and endoscopy by providing a safer, less invasive and more cost-efficient option for procedures. For more information, please refer to the website www.creomedical.com This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Creo Medical Group (CREO) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 2 hours ago Trufin 2 hours ago Everplay Group plc 2 hours ago Hilton Food Group 2 hours ago Sunbelt Rentals Holdings, Inc. 16 hours ago Cambridge Cognition Holdings All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and