Disclaimer* Creo Medical Group PLC 06 July 2026 Creo Medical Group plc ("Creo" the "Company" or the "Group") Award of Shares under Share Incentive Plan and Director Dealings Creo Medical Group plc (AIM: CREO), the medical device company focused on the emerging field of minimally invasive surgical endoscopy for pre-cancer and cancer patients , implemented an HMRC approved Share Incentive Plan ("SIP") during 2020, which is available to all of the Company's UK based employees, including Directors. The Company has been notified that Fiduchi Trustees (UK) Limited ("Fiduchi"), the independent trustee of the SIP, acquired, in accordance with the SIP's rules and on behalf of SIP participants, 143,541 ordinary shares in the Company ("Ordinary Shares"), at a price of £0.144 per Ordinary Share on 1 July 2026 to meet its obligations under the SIP (the "Partnership Shares"). Under the terms of the SIP, the Company is required to issue or make available to the SIP, to be allocated to participants, two Ordinary Shares in the Company for each Partnership Share purchased (being 287,082 Ordinary Shares, the "Matching Shares"). As at 1 July 2026, Fiduchi held 875,247 unallocated Ordinary Shares within the SIP. 287,082 of these unallocated Ordinary Shares will be utilised to meet the SIP Matching Share obligation and, accordingly, no new Ordinary Shares are required to be issued to satisfy the Company's obligations under the SIP. Craig Gulliford and Richard Rees, executive directors of the Company (the "Participating Directors"), have acquired Partnership Shares at a price of £0.144 per share at Fiduchi's sole discretion and received Matching Shares at a price of £0.001 per share in accordance with terms of the SIP (the "Transaction"). Following the Transaction, the Participating Directors' shareholdings in the Company are as set out in the table below: Director Total number of Ordinary Shares purchased or awarded under SIP Total number of Ordinary Shares held post Transaction Craig Gulliford, CEO 18,750 2,062,385 1 Richard Rees, CFO 18,750 3,417,079 2 The notifications below, made in accordance with the requirements of the Market Abuse Regulation, provide further detail in relation to the award of the SIP Shares to the Participating Directors. Notes: 1 I ncludes shares held by a PCA of Mr Gulliford. 2 I ncludes shares held by PCAs of Mr Rees. For further information please contact: Creo Medical Group plc www.creomedical.com Richard Craven, Company Secretary Via Walbrook PR Shore Capital (Nominated Adviser and Corporate Broker) Daniel Bush / Lucy Bowden +44 (0)20 7408 4090 Walbrook PR Ltd Tel: +44 (0)20 7933 8780 or creo@walbrookpr.com Paul McManus / Alice Woodings Mob: +44 (0)7980 541 893 / +44 (0)7407 804 654 About Creo Medical Creo is a medical device company focused on the development and commercialisation of minimally invasive electrosurgical devices, bringing advanced energy to endoscopy. The Company's vision is to improve patient outcomes through the development and commercialisation of a suite of electrosurgical medical devices, each enabled by CROMA, powered by Kamaptive. The Group has developed the CROMA powered by Kamaptive full-spectrum adaptive technology to optimise surgical capability and patient outcomes. Kamaptive is a seamless, intuitive integration of multi-modal energy sources, optimised to dynamically adapt to patient tissue during procedures such as resection, dissection, coagulation, and ablation of tissue. Kamaptive technology provides clinicians with increased flexibility, precision and controlled surgical solutions. CROMA currently delivers bipolar radiofrequency ("RF") energy for precise localised cutting and focused high frequency microwave ("MW") energy for controlled coagulation and ablation via a single accessory port. This technology, combined with the Group's range of patented electrosurgical devices, is designed to provide clinicians with flexible, accurate and controlled clinical solutions. The Directors believe the Company's technology can impact the landscape of surgery and endoscopy by providing a safer, less invasive and more cost-efficient option for procedures. For more information, please refer to the website www.creomedical.com 1 Details of person discharging managerial responsibilities / person closely associated a) Name Craig Gulliford 2 Reason for the notification a) Position / status CEO b) Initial notification / amendment Initial notification 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name Creo Medical Group plc b) LEI 213800H188ZDCWWXFA21 4. Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument Identification code Ordinary Shares of £0.001 each GB00BZ1BLL44 b) Nature of the transaction Purchase of Ordinary Shares under Share Incentive Plan at the sole discretion of Fiduchi c) Price(s) and volume(s) Prices Volume(s) £0.144 6,250 d) Aggregated information Aggregated volume Price N/A - Single transaction e) Date of the transaction 2026-07-01 f) Place of the transaction London Stock Exchange 1 Details of person discharging managerial responsibilities / person closely associated a) Name Craig Gulliford 2 Reason for the notification a) Position / status CEO b) Initial notification / amendment Initial notification 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name Creo Medical Group plc b) LEI 213800H188ZDCWWXFA21 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument Identification code Ordinary Shares of £0.001 each GB00BZ1BLL44 b) Nature of the transaction Award of Ordinary Shares (Matching Shares) under Share Incentive Plan c) Price(s) and volume(s) Prices Volume(s) £0.001 12,500 d) Aggregated information Aggregated volume Price N/A - Single transaction e) Date of the transaction 2026-07-01 f) Place of the transaction Off-market 1 Details of person discharging managerial responsibilities / person closely associated a) Name Richard Rees 2 Reason for the notification a) Position / status CFO b) Initial notification / amendment Initial notification 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name Creo Medical Group plc b) LEI 213800H188ZDCWWXFA21 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument Identification code Ordinary Shares of £0.001 each GB00BZ1BLL44 b) Nature of the transaction Purchase of Ordinary Shares under Share Incentive Plan at the sole discretion of Fiduchi c) Price(s) and volume(s) Prices Volume(s) £0.144 6,250 d) Aggregated information Aggregated volume Price N/A - Single transaction e) Date of the transaction 2026-07-01 f) Place of the transaction London Stock Exchange 1 Details of person discharging managerial responsibilities / person closely associated a) Name Richard Rees 2 Reason for the notification a) Position / status CFO b) Initial notification / amendment Initial notification 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name Creo Medical Group plc b) LEI 213800H188ZDCWWXFA21 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument Identification code Ordinary Shares of £0.001 each GB00BZ1BLL44 b) Nature of the transaction Award of Ordinary Shares (Matching Shares) under Share Incentive Plan c) Price(s) and volume(s) Prices Volume(s) £0.001 12,500 d) Aggregated information Aggregated volume Price N/A - Single transaction e) Date of the transaction 2026-07-01 f) Place of the transaction Off-market This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Creo Medical Group (CREO) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 37 minutes ago Gresham House Energy Storage Fund 40 minutes ago Ashmore Group 43 minutes ago Ashmore Group 1 hour ago St James's Place 1 hour ago St James's Place All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and