AGM Statement and Directorate Changes Creo Medical Group PLC 26 June 2025 Creo Medical Group plc ("Creo", the "Company" or the "Group") AGM Statement and Directorate Changes Creo Medical Group plc (AIM: CREO), the medical device company focused on the emerging field of minimally invasive surgical endoscopy for pre-cancer and cancer patients, provides an update to shareholders ahead of its Annual General Meeting ("AGM") being held today at the offices of Osborne Clarke LLP at Halo, Counterslip, Bristol BS1 6AJ. Addressing shareholders, Kevin T. Crofton, Non-Executive Chairman , will say: "I am very pleased with the strong progress we've made over the last year. As a Board we undertook a major business plan review and focussed on reducing costs and growing revenue from our Core Technology. I acknowledge that we still have more to do, but we are confident that Creo is well positioned for accelerated growth. "As part of our ongoing succession planning and commitment to a strong, streamlined, and independent governance structure, we announced a sequence of planned Board changes. In May, we confirmed the retirement of John Bradshaw, Creo's Senior Independent Non-Executive Director and Chair of the Audit Committee. With this, Ivonne Cantu, Non-Executive Director, has stepped in as Interim Audit Committee Chair while we progress the search for a permanent successor. In our FY24 results, we also announced that David Woods (Chief Commercial Officer) and Christopher Hancock (Chief Technology Officer), whilst continuing their vital executive roles within Creo, would not stand for re-election to the plc Board at this year's AGM. As such, they will step down from the Company's board as of today. "This planned Board evolution, initiated in 2024 and continuing into 2025, reflects a deliberate strategy to strengthen commercial leadership and enhance governance. It results in a more streamlined Board with a majority of independent Non-Executive Directors - aligning with best practice and supporting Creo's next phase of growth. "It has been a pleasure to work with the Board throughout this process. In particular, I would like to extend my sincere thanks to John Bradshaw for his long-standing contribution to Creo since its earliest days, and for his ongoing support during the transition to a new Audit Committee Chair. "As we confirmed last month, 2025 started positively with strong performance in Q1 for our Core Technology products. With the commercial launch of Speedboat UltraSlim, SpydrBlade Flex and Speedboat Notch, we expect to see increasing utilisation of our CROMA platform and related devices. Our Kamaptive partnership with Intuitive continues to progress well. We expect more sites will come online for the use of MicroBlate Flex shortly, and we will see these sites all move into revenue generation once the initial post market clinical data collection is completed. "Earlier this month we were able to confirm the receipt of FDA clearance for our SpydrBlade Flex device, the latest addition to our suite of advanced energy products that can be used in Gastro-Intestinal endoscopic procedures. SpydrBlade Flex, along with our Speedboat products are all used in Endoscopic Submucosal Dissection ("ESD"), a procedure used to treat early-stage cancerous and pre-cancerous lesions in the GI tract. Recent news in the US confirming reimbursement codes for ESD procedures is very encouraging for the long-term success of our commercial roll-out of these products in the U.S. market. "I am pleased to see that our focus on the continued transformation of the Company is delivering further improvements across the Group. We remain confident that we will see another year of strong growth in our Core Technology from both existing and new users, and that we remain on track to deliver against our goals of achieving self-sustaining cashflows and improving lives. "It has been my pleasure to chair the Board since joining in July 2024, and I look forward into the remainder of 2025 and beyond with great optimism. I thank you, our shareholders, for your continued support." Directorate Change Further to the Group's announcement on 19 May 2025, David Woods (Chief Commercial Officer) and Christopher Hancock (Chief Technology Officer) have stepped off the Company's Board, effective today. Both will remain as executive employees of the Group. For further information please contact: Creo Medical Group plc www.creomedical.com Richard Craven, Company Secretary Via Walbrook PR Deutsche Numis (Nominated Adviser, sole Broker and Financial Adviser) Freddie Barnfield / Duncan Monteith / Sher Shah +44 (0)20 7260 1000 Walbrook PR Ltd Tel: +44 (0)20 7933 8780 or creo@walbrookpr.com Paul McManus / Alice Woodings Mob: +44 (0)7980 541 893 / +44 (0)7407 804 654 About Creo Medical Creo is a medical device company focused on the development and commercialisation of minimally invasive electrosurgical devices, bringing advanced energy to endoscopy. The Company's vision is to improve patient outcomes through the development and commercialisation of a suite of electrosurgical medical devices, each enabled by CROMA, powered by Kamaptive. The Group has developed the CROMA powered by Kamaptive full-spectrum adaptive technology to optimise surgical capability and patient outcomes. Kamaptive is a seamless, intuitive integration of multi-modal energy sources, optimised to dynamically adapt to patient tissue during procedures such as resection, dissection, coagulation, and ablation of tissue. Kamaptive technology provides clinicians with increased flexibility, precision and controlled surgical solutions. CROMA currently delivers bipolar radiofrequency ("RF") energy for precise localised cutting and focused high frequency microwave ("MW") energy for controlled coagulation and ablation via a single accessory port. This technology, combined with the Group's range of patented electrosurgical devices, is designed to provide clinicians with flexible, accurate and controlled clinical solutions. The Directors believe the Company's technology can impact the landscape of surgery and endoscopy by providing a safer, less invasive and more cost-efficient option for procedures. For more information, please refer to the website www.creomedical.com This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Creo Medical Group (CREO) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 2 hours ago Trufin 2 hours ago Everplay Group plc 2 hours ago Hilton Food Group 2 hours ago Sunbelt Rentals Holdings, Inc. 16 hours ago Cambridge Cognition Holdings All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and