US Reimbursement milestone for Speedboat procedure Creo Medical Group PLC 28 May 2025 Creo Medical Group plc ("Creo", the "Company" or the "Group") US Reimbursement milestone for Speedboat procedure Further driving the roll-out of Creo's products Creo Medical Group plc (AIM: CREO), a medical device company focused on the emerging field of minimally invasive surgical endoscopy for pre-cancer and cancer patients, announces that the American Medical Association ("AMA") Current Procedural Terminology (CPT ® ) Editorial Panel has issued its Summary of Panel Actions confirming the establishment of two new Category I CPT reimbursement codes for Endoscopic Submucosal Dissection ("ESD") procedures - one for the upper gastrointestinal ("GI") tract and a second for the lower GI tract. The establishment of dedicated CPT codes provides a clear reimbursement framework for U.S. healthcare providers to offer this advanced, organ-preserving procedure to a broader patient population. ESD is a precision technique used to remove early-stage cancerous and pre-cancerous lesions from the GI tract via an endoscope, eliminating the need for open surgery or segmental organ removal. It allows for more accurate pathology and has been associated with lower recurrence rates, faster recovery, and fewer complications. Creo Medical collaborated with a consortium of medical societies, key opinion leaders and industry partners to gather peer-reviewed clinical data illustrating improved clinical outcomes, and procedural data highlighting the growing adoption of GI ESD procedures in the clinical community. This collaborative effort demonstrated the safety, efficacy, and long-term benefits of ESD, reinforcing its value in delivering better patient outcomes and supporting its recognition through formal CPT coding. It is estimated that around 5% of the U.S. population over the age of 50 could potentially benefit from an ESD procedure. The data suggest that indications potentially suitable for ESD treatment are diagnosed in between 5% and 10% of the annual c.16 million U.S. colonoscopies performed. The establishment of re-imbursement for lower GI ESD will open up access to this procedure to a much larger proportion of these US patients with the clinical benefits demonstrated. The establishment of these reimbursement codes will also help drive continued medical innovation by enabling and encouraging the use of next-generation products such as Creo's Speedboat® UltraSlim , and Speedboat® Notch designed specifically for ESD. All Creo's products are designed to empower clinicians with greater precision, safety, and procedural efficiency for complex endoscopic interventions. For more information about ESD and Creo Medical's full portfolio of unique advanced energy products, visit: www.creomedical.com/esd Commenting, Craig Gulliford, Chief Executive Officer, said : " This is a transformative moment for patients, clinicians, and the broader GI community. The AMA's decision to establish dedicated CPT codes for ESD will help remove barriers to access, enabling broader adoption of this advanced, minimally invasive procedure in the U.S. We are proud to have worked alongside leading societies, key opinion leaders, and industry partners to build the clinical evidence base needed to support this milestone. With clearer reimbursement pathways now in place, more patients will benefit from safer, and more effective treatment options utilising Creo's range of products. " For further information please contact: Creo Medical Group plc www.creomedical.com Richard Craven, Company Secretary Via Walbrook PR Deutsche Numis (Nominated Adviser, sole Broker and Financial Adviser) Freddie Barnfield / Duncan Monteith / Euan Brown / Sher Shah +44 (0)20 7260 1000 Walbrook PR Ltd Tel: +44 (0)20 7933 8780 or creo@walbrookpr.com Paul McManus / Alice Woodings Mob: +44 (0)7980 541 893 / +44 (0)7407 804 654 About Creo Medical Creo is a medical device company focused on the development and commercialisation of minimally invasive electrosurgical devices, bringing advanced energy to endoscopy. The Company's vision is to improve patient outcomes through the development and commercialisation of a suite of electrosurgical medical devices, each enabled by CROMA, powered by Kamaptive. The Group has developed the CROMA powered by Kamaptive full-spectrum adaptive technology to optimise surgical capability and patient outcomes. Kamaptive is a seamless, intuitive integration of multi-modal energy sources, optimised to dynamically adapt to patient tissue during procedures such as resection, dissection, coagulation, and ablation of tissue. Kamaptive technology provides clinicians with increased flexibility, precision and controlled surgical solutions. CROMA currently delivers bipolar radiofrequency ("RF") energy for precise localised cutting and focused high frequency microwave ("MW") energy for controlled coagulation and ablation via a single accessory port. This technology, combined with the Group's range of patented electrosurgical devices, is designed to provide clinicians with flexible, accurate and controlled clinical solutions. The Directors believe the Company's technology can impact the landscape of surgery and endoscopy by providing a safer, less invasive and more cost-efficient option for procedures. For more information, please refer to the website www.creomedical.com This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Creo Medical Group (CREO) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 21 minutes ago IG Group Holdings 31 minutes ago Investec 45 minutes ago Regional REIT Limited 1 hour ago Centrica 1 hour ago Informa All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and