Notice of investor presentations Creo Medical Group PLC 06 May 2025 Creo Medical Group plc ("Creo", the "Company" or the "Group") Notice of investor presentations Creo Medical Group plc (AIM: CREO), a medical device company focused on the emerging field of minimally invasive surgical endoscopy for pre-cancer and cancer patients, announces details of investor presentations to take place on Monday 19 May 2025 following the publication of the Company's preliminary results for the year ended 31 December 2024. Investor presentations Craig Gulliford, CEO , Richard Rees, CFO, Kevin Crofton Non-Executive Chairman and Charlie Campion, Chief Product Officer , will present the Company's results in two separate events on Monday 19 May 2025 open to all investors. The Company will provide commentary on the preliminary results, its commercial strategy to further grow Core Technology revenues and the transition to commercial profitability. The same presentation will be given at both events which are being held at different times to offer convenient options for those wishing to attend. The first will be held online via the Investor Meet Company platform and the second will be held in-person in the City of London, full details below: 1. Investor Meet Company online presentation Creo management will provide a live online presentation relating to the preliminary results via Investor Meet Company at 11:30 BST. The presentation is open to all existing and potential shareholders. Questions can be submitted pre-event via your Investor Meet Company dashboard up until 09:00 BST the day before the meeting or at any time during the live presentation. Investors can sign up to Investor Meet Company for free and add to meet Creo Medical plc via: https://www.investormeetcompany.com/creo-medical-group-plc/register-investor 2. In-person investor presentation Creo management will provide an in-person presentation relating to the Company's preliminary results at 17:30 BST, which is open to all existing and potential shareholders. T he meeting will be held at the offices of Deutsche Numis in the City of London and will be followed by refreshments. If you would like to attend and to receive further details, please contact Walbrook PR on 020 7933 8780 or email creo@walbrookpr.com . The results presentation will be made available on the Company's website on the day of results. For further information please contact: Creo Medical Group plc www.creomedical.com Richard Craven, Company Secretary Via Walbrook PR Deutsche Numis (Nominated Adviser, sole Broker and Financial Adviser) Freddie Barnfield / Duncan Monteith / Euan Brown / Sher Shah +44 (0)20 7260 1000 Walbrook PR Ltd Tel: +44 (0)20 7933 8780 or creo@walbrookpr.com Paul McManus / Alice Woodings Mob: +44 (0)7980 541 893 / +44 (0)7407 804 654 About Creo Medical Creo is a medical device company focused on the development and commercialisation of minimally invasive electrosurgical devices, bringing advanced energy to endoscopy. The Company's vision is to improve patient outcomes through the development and commercialisation of a suite of electrosurgical medical devices, each enabled by CROMA, powered by Kamaptive. The Group has developed the CROMA powered by Kamaptive full-spectrum adaptive technology to optimise surgical capability and patient outcomes. Kamaptive is a seamless, intuitive integration of multi-modal energy sources, optimised to dynamically adapt to patient tissue during procedures such as resection, dissection, coagulation, and ablation of tissue. Kamaptive technology provides clinicians with increased flexibility, precision and controlled surgical solutions. CROMA currently delivers bipolar radiofrequency ("RF") energy for precise localised cutting and focused high frequency microwave ("MW") energy for controlled coagulation and ablation via a single accessory port. This technology, combined with the Group's range of patented electrosurgical devices, is designed to provide clinicians with flexible, accurate and controlled clinical solutions. The Directors believe the Company's technology can impact the landscape of surgery and endoscopy by providing a safer, less invasive and more cost-efficient option for procedures. For more information, please refer to the website www.creomedical.com This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Creo Medical Group (CREO) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 21 minutes ago IG Group Holdings 31 minutes ago Investec 45 minutes ago Regional REIT Limited 1 hour ago Centrica 1 hour ago Informa All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and