Disclaimer* Creo Medical Group PLC 22 May 2026 THIS ANNOUNCEMENT AND THE INFORMATION CONTAINED HEREIN IS RESTRICTED AND IS NOT FOR RELEASE, PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION, IN WHOLE OR IN PART, DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, IN OR INTO THE UNITED STATES, AUSTRALIA, CANADA, JAPAN, THE REPUBLIC OF SOUTH AFRICA OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTION WHERE TO DO SO WOULD CONSTITUTE A BREACH OF THE RELEVANT SECURITIES LAWS OF SUCH JURISDICTION. PLEASE SEE THE IMPORTANT NOTICES AT THE END OF THIS ANNOUNCEMENT. THIS ANNOUNCEMENT IS FOR INFORMATION PURPOSES AND DOES NOT CONSTITUTE AN OFFER IN RESPECT OF ANY SECURITIES OF CREO MEDICAL GROUP PLC AND NEITHER THIS ANNOUNCEMENT NOR THE FACT OF ITS DISTRIBUTION, FORMS OR IS INTENDED TO FORM THE BASIS FOR ANY INVESTMENT DECISION IN RESPECT OF CREO MEDICAL GROUP PLC OR OTHER EVALUATION OF ANY SECURITIES OF CREO MEDICAL GROUP PLC OR ANY OTHER ENTITY AND SHOULD NOT BE CONSIDERED AS A RECOMMENDATION THAT ANY INVESTOR SHOULD SUBSCRIBE FOR OR PURCHASE ANY SUCH SECURITIES . THIS ANNOUNCEMENT CONTAINS INSIDE INFORMATION FOR THE PURPOSES OF THE UK VERSION OF THE MARKET ABUSE REGULATION (EU NO . 596/2014) AS IT FORMS PART OF UNITED KINGDOM DOMESTIC LAW BY VIRTUE OF THE EUROPEAN UNION (WITHDRAWAL) ACT 2018 ("UK MAR") . For immediate release 22 May 2026 Creo Medical Group plc Result of Placing Creo Medical Group plc (AIM: CREO), the medical device company focused on the emerging field of minimally invasive surgical endoscopy for pre-cancer and cancer patients (the " Company " or " Creo " and, together with its subsidiary undertakings, the " Group ") , announces that, further to the announcement made earlier today regarding the Placing (the " Launch Announcement "), it has raised gross proceeds of £5.5 million by way of a placing of 36,666,664 new ordinary shares of 0.1 pence each (the " Ordinary Shares ") in the capital of the Company (the " Placing Shares ") at a price of 15 pence per Placing Share (the " Issue Price "). The Issue Price represents a premium of approximately 31.9 per cent. to the closing middle market price of 11.4 pence per Existing Ordinary Share on 21 May 2026, being the latest practicable date prior to the publication of the Launch Announcement. Allocations in the Placing will be confirmed to Placees as soon as practicable today. Shore Capital Stockbrokers Limited (" Shore Capital " or the " Bookrunner ") is acting as sole bookrunner in connection with the Placing. Craig Gulliford, Chief Executive Officer of Creo Medical, said: "We are very pleased to have received this strong support from investors for our business and strategy. "The Placing, alongside the other strategic funding initiatives we announced this morning, strengthens the Group's balance sheet and positions Creo to capitalise on the strong recent commercial and strategic momentum across our business. "We are seeing strong growth for our products and believe there is a substantial opportunity as we expand the commercialisation of our product portfolio and integrate our advanced energy technology into a wide range of surgical platforms and robotics." Capitalised terms used in this announcement (this " Announcement ") have the meanings given to them in the Launch Announcement, unless the context provides otherwise. Directors' participation in the Placing and Related Party Transactions The following directors of the Company (the " Directors ") have subscribed for a total of 14,333,332 Placing Shares (the " Participating Directors "), representing an aggregate amount of £2.15 million, as set out below: Director Number of Placing Shares subscribed for Shareholding following Admission Percentage shareholding of enlarged issued share capital on Admission (%) K evin Crofton 13,333,333 18,780,749 4.18 Craig Gulliford 1 333,333 2,043,635 0.46 Richard Rees 666,666 3,398,329 0.76 1 via a self-invested personal pension Further detail on the Directors' participations, required in accordance with UK MAR, is set out at the end of this Announcement. The participation of each of the Participating Directors in the Placing in aggregate constitutes a related party transaction pursuant to Rule 13 of the AIM Rules for Companies. The independent directors for the purposes of Rule 13 of the AIM Rules (being Ivonne Cantu and Brent Boucher), having consulted with Deutsche Numis, the Company's nominated adviser, consider the terms of the related party transaction to be fair and reasonable insofar as shareholders of the Company are concerned. Admission, settlement and dealings Application has been made to the London Stock Exchange for the Placing Shares to be admitted to trading on the AIM market of the London Stock Exchange (" Admission "). Admission is expected to take place at 8.00 a.m. on 28 May 2026 and dealings in the Placing Shares are expected to commence at 8.00 a.m. on 28 May 2026 or, in each case, such later time and/or date as the Bookrunner and the Company agree (being in any event no later than 8.00 a.m. on 9 June 2026 ). The Placing Shares, when issued, will be credited as fully paid and will rank pari passu in all respects with the Existing Ordinary Shares, including the right to receive all dividends and other distributions declared, made or paid after the date of issue. Total voting rights Following Admission, the total issued capital of the Company will consist of 449,139,983 Ordinary Shares with voting rights. The Company does not hold any Ordinary Shares in treasury. Therefore, the total number of voting rights in the Company following Admission will be 449,139,983 and this figure may be used by shareholders in the Company as the denominator for the calculations by which they will determine if they are required to notify their interest in, or a change to their interest in, the share capital of the Company under the FCA's Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rules. The person responsible for arranging the release of this Announcement on behalf of the Company is Richard Rees, a Director of the Company. For further information, please contact: Creo Medical Group plc Richard Craven, Company Secretary www.creomedical.com Via Walbrook PR Deutsche Numis (Nominated Adviser and Joint Broker) Duncan Monteith / Sher Shah +44 (0)20 7545 8000 Shore Capital (Joint Broker and Sole Bookrunner) Daniel Bush / Lucy Bowden +44 (0)20 7408 4090 Walbrook PR Ltd Paul McManus / Alice Woodings Tel: +44 (0)20 7933 8780 or creo@walbrookpr.com Mob: +44 (0)7980 541 893 / +44 (0)7407 804 654 About Creo Medical Creo is a medical device company focused on the development and commercialisation of minimally invasive electrosurgical devices, bringing advanced energy to endoscopy. The Company's vision is to improve patient outcomes through the development and commercialisation of a suite of electrosurgical medical devices, each enabled by CROMA, powered by Kamaptive. The Group has developed the CROMA powered by Kamaptive full-spectrum adaptive technology to optimise surgical capability and patient outcomes. Kamaptive is a seamless, intuitive integration of multi-modal energy sources, optimised to dynamically adapt to patient tissue during procedures such as resection, dissection, coagulation, and ablation of tissue. Kamaptive technology provides clinicians with increased flexibility, precision and controlled surgical solutions. CROMA currently delivers bipolar radiofrequency (" RF ") energy for precise localised cutting and focused high frequency microwave (" MW ") energy for controlled coagulation and ablation via a single accessory port. This technology, combined with the Group's range of patented electrosurgical devices, is designed to provide clinicians with flexible, accurate and controlled clinical solutions. The Directors believe the Company's technology can impact the landscape of surgery and endoscopy by providing a safer, less invasive and more cost-efficient option for procedures. For more information, please refer to the website www.creomedical.com The information below (set out in accordance with the requirements of UK MAR) provides further detail. PDMR Notification Forms: 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / person closely associated a) Name 1) Kevin Crofton 2) Craig Gulliford 3) Richard Rees 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/status 1) Chair 2) CEO 3) CFO b) Initial notification /Amendment Initial Notification 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name Creo Medical Group plc b) LEI 213800H188ZDCWWXFA21 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Ordinary Shares of 0.1 pence each Identification code GB00BZ1BLL44 b) Nature of the transaction 1. Purchase of Placing Shares 2. Purchase of Placing Shares into a SIPP 3. Purchase of Placing Shares c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) 1. 15p 13,333,333 2. 15p 333,333 3. 15p 666,666 d) Aggregated information Aggregate volume Price N/A - single transactions e) Date of the transaction 22 May 2026 f) Place of the transaction AIM Important Notices Shore Capital is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority (the " FCA ") in the United Kingdom and is acting exclusively for Creo and no one else in connection with the Placing, and Shore Capital will not be responsible to anyone (including any Placees) other than Creo for providing the protections afforded to its clients or for providing advice in relation to the Placing or any other matters referred to in this Announcement. No representation or warranty, express or implied, is or will be made as to, or in relation to, and no responsibility or liability is or will be accepted by the Bookrunner or its Representatives as to, or in relation to, the accuracy or completeness of this Announcement or any other written or oral information made available to or publicly available to any interested party or its advisers, and any liability therefore is expressly disclaimed. Deutsche Bank AG is a stock corporation (Aktiengesellschaft) incorporated under the laws of the Federal Republic of Germany with its principal office in Frankfurt am Main. It is registered with the local district court (Amtsgericht) in Frankfurt am Main under No HRB 30000 and licensed to carry on banking business and to provide financial services. The London branch of Deutsche Bank AG (trading for these purposes as Deutsche Numis) (" Deutsche Numis ") is registered as a branch office in the register of companies for England and Wales at Companies House (branch registration number BR000005) with its registered branch office address and principal place of business at 21, Moorfields, London EC2Y 9DB. Deutsche Bank AG is subject to supervision by the European Central Bank (ECB), Sonnemannstrasse 22, 60314 Frankfurt am Main, Germany, and the German Federal Financial Supervisory Authority (Bundesanstalt für Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht or BaFin), Graurheindorfer Strasse 108, 53117 Bonn and Marie-Curie-Strasse 24-28, 60439 Frankfurt am Main, Germany. With respect to activities undertaken in the United Kingdom, Deutsche Bank AG is authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority (the " PRA "). It is subject to regulation by the FCA and limited regulation by the PRA. Details about the extent of Deutsche Bank AG's authorisation and regulation by the PRA are available from Deutsche Bank AG on request. Deutsche Numis is acting as nominated adviser to the Company and no other person in connection with the contents of this Announcement and will not be responsible to any person other than the Company for providing the protections afforded to clients of Deutsche Numis, nor for providing advice in relation to any matters referred to herein. The responsibilities of Deutsche Numis as Creo's nominated adviser under the AIM Rules for Nominated Advisers are owed solely to the London Stock Exchange and are not owed to Creo or to any Director or to any other person. Certain statements in this Announcement are forward-looking statements which are based on the Company's expectations, intentions and projections regarding its future performance, anticipated events or trends and other matters that are not historical facts. These forward-looking statements, which may use words such as "aim", "anticipate", "believe", "intend", "estimate", "expect" and words of similar meaning, include all matters that are not historical facts. These forward-looking statements involve risks, assumptions and uncertainties that could cause the actual results of operations, financial condition, liquidity and dividend policy and the development of the industries in which the Company's businesses operate to differ materially from the impression created by the forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Given those risks and uncertainties, prospective investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements. The Placing Shares to be issued pursuant to the Placing will be not be admitted to trading on any stock exchange other than the AIM market of the London Stock Exchange. The Placing Shares have not been approved or disapproved by the US Securities and Exchange Commission, any state securities commission or other regulatory authority in the United States, nor have any of the foregoing authorities passed upon or endorsed the merits of the Placing or the accuracy or adequacy of this Announcement. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offence in the United States. The relevant clearances have not been, nor will they be, obtained from the securities commission of any province or territory of Canada, no prospectus has been lodged with, or registered by, the Australian Securities and Investments Commission or the Japanese Ministry of Finance; the relevant clearances have not been, and will not be, obtained from the South Africa Reserve Bank or any other applicable body in the Republic of South Africa in relation to the Placing Shares; and the Placing Shares have not been, nor will they be, registered under or offered in compliance with the securities laws of any state, province or territory of the United States, Australia, Canada, the Republic of South Africa or Japan. Accordingly, the Placing Shares may not (unless an exemption under the relevant securities laws is applicable) be offered, sold, resold or delivered, directly or indirectly, in or into the United States, Australia, Canada, the Republic of South Africa or Japan or any other jurisdiction outside the United Kingdom or the EEA. Neither the content of Creo's website nor any website accessible by hyperlinks on Creo's website is incorporated in, or forms part of, this Announcement. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Creo Medical Group (CREO) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 2 hours ago Trufin 2 hours ago Everplay Group plc 2 hours ago Hilton Food Group 2 hours ago Sunbelt Rentals Holdings, Inc. 16 hours ago Cambridge Cognition Holdings All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and