Disclaimer* Creo Medical Group PLC 05 May 2026 Creo Medical Group plc ("Creo", the "Company" or the "Group") Creo Medical's SpydrBlade™ Flex used in novel bariatric endoscopic technique by leading US innovator Creo Medical Group plc ("Creo" or the "Group"), the medical device company specialising in advanced energy solutions for therapeutic endoscopy, today announces the clinical use of SpydrBlade Flex in Bariatric Endoscopic Antral Myotomy ("BEAM") procedures, performed by Professor Christopher C. Thompson MD, a globally recognised pioneer in bariatric endoscopy and originator of the BEAM technique. Professor Thompson successfully completed two BEAM procedures using SpydrBlade Flex and presented the results at Frontiers in Endoscopic Surgery (FES) 2026, a leading international forum for advanced and emerging endoscopic procedures. Translating innovation from podium to practice BEAM is a non-invasive endoscopic bariatric procedure that adapts principles from third-space endoscopy to selectively target the gastric antrum, reducing contractility and delaying gastric emptying to promote long term satiety and weight loss in obese patients. The use of SpydrBlade Flex for BEAM procedures highlights the rapid evolution of endoscopic bariatric techniques and the capability of Creo's products to deliver precision and control in complex submucosal environments. In the procedures, SpydrBlade Flex was utilised to perform a precise full thickness antral myotomy, demonstrating its versatility across advanced third-space and bariatric endoscopic procedures. Expanding the role of advanced energy in metabolic endoscopy SpydrBlade Flex is powered by Creo's CROMA™ Advanced Energy Platform, delivering adaptive bipolar radiofrequency and microwave energy to enable controlled cutting, dissection and haemostasis. Endoscopic bariatric therapies such as BEAM are increasingly positioned as a minimally invasive option between pharmacological therapies and surgical intervention. As the field evolves towards approaches that modulate physiological function, advanced energy solutions are expected to play a central role in enabling safe and reproducible procedures. Supporting global clinical leadership Creo continues to collaborate with leading clinical innovators and centres of excellence to support the development and adoption of advanced endoscopic techniques. Successful use of SpydrBlade Flex in BEAM further reinforces its role as a core component of Creo's advanced GI portfolio, with the potential to support adoption across both established and emerging therapeutic endoscopy procedures. Professor Thompson said: " BEAM represents a new direction in bariatric endoscopy, focusing on modulation of gastric physiology to achieve weight loss. The ability to perform precise submucosal dissection and controlled full thickness myotomy is critical to the success of this approach. " SpydrBlade Flex is a gamechanger for the myotomy and provides a high level of precision and control during these steps, supporting both the efficiency and consistency of the procedure. Before having the SpydrBlade Flex device, performing full thickness myotomy during the BEAM procedure was daunting. SpydrBlade Flex offers us more precision, speed, and the ability to safely perform, teach and potentially democratize this procedure. " Craig Gulliford, Chief Executive Officer of Creo Medical, said: " The use of SpydrBlade Flex in BEAM procedures highlights the role our products can play in enabling the next generation of therapeutic endoscopy. " As new procedural categories emerge, we are focused on ensuring our advanced energy platform supports clinicians with the precision and flexibility required to safely adopt and scale these innovations and bring improved patient outcomes. This further strengthens our strategy of driving platform utilisation by expanding clinical applications and partnerships with leading innovators. " For further information please contact: Creo Medical Group plc www.creomedical.com Richard Craven, Company Secretary Via Walbrook PR Deutsche Numis (Nominated Adviser, Joint Broker and Financial Adviser) Duncan Monteith / Sher Shah +44 (0)20 7260 1000 Shore Capital (Joint Broker) Daniel Bush / Lucy Bowden +44 (0)20 7408 4090 Walbrook PR Ltd Tel: +44 (0)20 7933 8780 or creo@walbrookpr.com Paul McManus / Alice Woodings Mob: +44 (0)7980 541 893 / +44 (0)7407 804 654 About Creo Medical Creo is a medical device company focused on the development and commercialisation of minimally invasive electrosurgical devices, bringing advanced energy to endoscopy. The Company's vision is to improve patient outcomes through the development and commercialisation of a suite of electrosurgical medical devices, each enabled by CROMA, powered by Kamaptive. The Group has developed the CROMA powered by Kamaptive full-spectrum adaptive technology to optimise surgical capability and patient outcomes. Kamaptive is a seamless, intuitive integration of multi-modal energy sources, optimised to dynamically adapt to patient tissue during procedures such as resection, dissection, coagulation, and ablation of tissue. Kamaptive technology provides clinicians with increased flexibility, precision and controlled surgical solutions. CROMA currently delivers bipolar radiofrequency ("RF") energy for precise localised cutting and focused high frequency microwave ("MW") energy for controlled coagulation and ablation via a single accessory port. This technology, combined with the Group's range of patented electrosurgical devices, is designed to provide clinicians with flexible, accurate and controlled clinical solutions. The Directors believe the Company's technology can impact the landscape of surgery and endoscopy by providing a safer, less invasive and more cost-efficient option for procedures. For more information, please refer to the website www.creomedical.com This information is provided by Reach, the non-regulatory press release distribution service of RNS, part of the London Stock Exchange. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Creo Medical Group (CREO) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 2 hours ago Trufin 2 hours ago Everplay Group plc 2 hours ago Hilton Food Group 2 hours ago Sunbelt Rentals Holdings, Inc. 16 hours ago Cambridge Cognition Holdings All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and