Disclaimer* Creo Medical Group PLC 04 June 2026 Creo Medical Group plc ("Creo", the "Company" or the "Group") Posting of 2025 Annual Report and Accounts and Notice of Annual General Meeting Creo Medical Group plc (AIM: CREO), the medical device company specialising in advanced energy solutions for therapeutic endoscopy, announces that the Annual Report and Accounts for the year ended 31 December 2025 and the Notice of the Company's Annual General Meeting ("AGM") have now been published on the Company's website at https://www.creomedical.com/en/investors/reports-and-presentations . Hard copies have been posted to those shareholders who have not elected to receive electronic communication from the Company. The AGM will be held on 29 June 2026 at 10:00 a.m. at the offices of Osborne Clarke LLP at Halo, Counterslip, Bristol BS1 6AJ, and will consider the Resolutions set out in the Notice of AGM. The Company's CEO, Craig Gulliford, will make a short presentation at the meeting. No new material information will be included within the presentation. Shareholders are encouraged to vote by proxy at the AGM, which can be done: · by completing, signing the Form of Proxy and returning it to Equiniti; or · in the case of CREST members, by utilising the CREST electronic proxy appointment service. Proxy votes must be received no later than 10:00 a.m. on 25 June 2026. All voting at the AGM will be conducted by a poll. Shareholders are recommended to appoint the Chair of the meeting as their proxy rather than a named person, as any such other person may not be permitted to attend the AGM in the event of unforeseen circumstances (e.g. illness). For further information please contact: Creo Medical Group plc www.creomedical.com Richard Craven, Company Secretary Via Walbrook PR Deutsche Numis (Nominated Adviser and Joint Broker) Duncan Monteith / Sher Shah +44 (0)20 7545 8000 Shore Capital (Joint Broker) Daniel Bush / Lucy Bowden +44 (0)20 7408 4090 Walbrook PR Ltd Tel: +44 (0)20 7933 8780 or creo@walbrookpr.com Paul McManus / Alice Woodings Mob: +44 (0)7980 541 893 / +44 (0)7407 804 654 About Creo Medical Creo is a medical device company focused on the development and commercialisation of minimally invasive electrosurgical devices, bringing advanced energy to endoscopy. The Company's vision is to improve patient outcomes through the development and commercialisation of a suite of electrosurgical medical devices, each enabled by CROMA, powered by Kamaptive. The Group has developed the CROMA powered by Kamaptive full-spectrum adaptive technology to optimise surgical capability and patient outcomes. Kamaptive is a seamless, intuitive integration of multi-modal energy sources, optimised to dynamically adapt to patient tissue during procedures such as resection, dissection, coagulation, and ablation of tissue. Kamaptive technology provides clinicians with increased flexibility, precision and controlled surgical solutions. CROMA currently delivers bipolar radiofrequency ("RF") energy for precise localised cutting and focused high frequency microwave ("MW") energy for controlled coagulation and ablation via a single accessory port. This technology, combined with the Group's range of patented electrosurgical devices, is designed to provide clinicians with flexible, accurate and controlled clinical solutions. The Directors believe the Company's technology can impact the landscape of surgery and endoscopy by providing a safer, less invasive and more cost-efficient option for procedures. For more information, please refer to the website www.creomedical.com This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Creo Medical Group (CREO) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 20 minutes ago IG Group Holdings 30 minutes ago Investec 44 minutes ago Regional REIT Limited 1 hour ago Centrica 1 hour ago Informa All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and