Speedboat® patient testimonial Creo Medical Group PLC 04 August 2025 Creo Medical Group plc ("Creo" or the "Company") Speedboat® patient testimonial Successful Speedboat® treatment for wife of Creo engineer underscores the real-world impact of Speedboat® and the value of the ongoing Welsh health board commercial pilot Creo Medical Group plc (AIM: CREO), the Welsh based medical device company focused on the emerging field of minimally invasive surgical endoscopy for pre-cancer and cancer patients, has issued a testimonial video from a patient who successfully underwent a procedure utilising Creo's Speedboat® technology. Liz Thomas, the wife of one of the Creo engineers who helped to develop the innovative Speedboat® technology, faced a major health challenge in late 2024 and was told the only option available to her was a full bowel resection, given that the Speedboat® procedure was not available through NHS Wales at that time. Liz's husband, a software engineer for Creo before his retirement, was aware that Speedboat® could be a treatment option and sought a second opinion. Opting to seek private treatment in England outside of the NHS, Liz was able to benefit from an outpatient Speedboat® procedure and, as with so many other patients in England through the NHS, avoided the removal of her bowel and associated major surgery. She has made a successful recovery and returned to daily life within days of the procedure, underscoring the real-world impact of Speedboat® on quality of life. Speedboat® continues to provide significant clinical value to a rapidly increasing number of patients in the treatment of the early stages of colorectal cancer avoiding complex and impactful surgery. In this, a typical speedboat case, a 5cm pre-cancerous lesion was removed without stitches, scarring, prolonged recovery, or post-operative long term health requirements. This case, and the extensive data from many other cases undertaken worldwide, demonstrates the ability of Speedboat® to reduce surgical burden, shorten hospital stays, and improve patient outcomes. The testimonial also highlights the significance of Aneurin Bevan University Health becoming the first Health Board in Wales to pilot Creo's Speedboat® technology, as announced in February 2025 . The pilot is already proving successful with patients in Wales already treated since the procedure was made available in early 2025. The Company believes the successful conclusion of the pilot, and supporting data, will drive further adoption across other health boards in Wales, paving the way for wider NHS rollout and supporting Creo's commercial growth strategy. As adoption continues to grow across the UK and globally, Liz's experience highlights the profound human impact of Creo's mission: transforming lives, one procedure at a time. The video interview can be found here: https://www.creomedical.com/en/patients/patient-case-stories For further information please contact: Creo Medical Group plc www.creomedical.com Richard Craven, Company Secretary Via Walbrook PR Deutsche Numis (Nominated Adviser, sole Broker and Financial Adviser) Freddie Barnfield / Duncan Monteith / Sher Shah +44 (0)20 7260 1000 Walbrook PR Ltd Tel: +44 (0)20 7933 8780 or creo@walbrookpr.com Paul McManus / Alice Woodings Mob: +44 (0)7980 541 893 / +44 (0)7407 804 654 About Creo Medical Creo Medical is a medical device company focused on the development and commercialisation of minimally invasive electrosurgical devices, bringing advanced energy to endoscopy. The Company's vision is to improve patient outcomes through the development and commercialisation of a suite of electrosurgical medical devices, each enabled by CROMA, powered by Kamaptive. The Group has developed the CROMA powered by Kamaptive full-spectrum adaptive technology to optimise surgical capability and patient outcomes. Kamaptive is a seamless, intuitive integration of multi-modal energy sources, optimised to dynamically adapt to patient tissue during procedures such as resection, dissection, coagulation and ablation of tissue. Kamaptive technology provides clinicians with increased flexibility, precision and controlled surgical solutions. CROMA currently delivers bipolar radiofrequency ("RF") energy for precise localised cutting and focused high frequency microwave ("MW") energy for controlled coagulation and ablation via a single accessory port. This technology, combined with the Group's range of patented electrosurgical devices, is designed to provide clinicians with flexible, accurate and controlled clinical solutions. The Directors believe the Company's technology can impact the landscape of surgery and endoscopy by providing a safer, less-invasive and more cost-efficient option for procedures. For more information, please refer to the website www.creomedical.com This information is provided by Reach, the non-regulatory press release distribution service of RNS, part of the London Stock Exchange. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Creo Medical Group (CREO) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 2 hours ago Trufin 2 hours ago Everplay Group plc 2 hours ago Hilton Food Group 2 hours ago Sunbelt Rentals Holdings, Inc. 16 hours ago Cambridge Cognition Holdings All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and