U.S. FDA clearance for SpydrBlade™ Flex Creo Medical Group PLC 11 June 2025 Creo Medical Group plc ("Creo" or the "Company") U.S. FDA clearance for SpydrBlade™ Flex Creo Medical Group plc (AIM: CREO), the medical device company focused on the emerging field of minimally invasive surgical endoscopy for pre-cancer and cancer patients, announces that it has received U.S. Food & Drug Administration ("FDA") clearance for its SpydrBlade™ Flex device, a unique multi-modal endoscopic device designed for precision and adaptability in therapeutic endoscopy procedures. SpydrBlade™ Flex is the latest product in Creo's Gastro-Intestinal (GI) suite of advanced energy products to receive clearance from the FDA. SpydrBlade ™ Flex delivers laparoscopic cut and seal functionality through an endoscopic device, making it an extremely versatile dissection tool in flexible endoscopy. Following the commercial launch of the product in Europe ( announced on 20 March 2025 ), the list of established clinical use-cases is growing and already includes Z-POEMs, pedunculated polyps, general dissections and difficult-to-treat fibrotic cases, demonstrating the versatility of the product. Simple to use, SpydrBlade™ Flex is designed for rapid clinical adoption. FDA clearance allows Creo to initiate the launch of SpydrBlade™ Flex in the U.S. market. The existing direct sales force, alongside its established network of key opinion leaders and clinicians, allows for rapid adoption of SpydrBlade™ Flex in the critical US market. Many of the use-cases for SpydrBlade ™ Flex fall under existing reimbursement codes and indications covered by the recent decision by the American Medical Association (announced on 28 May 2025 ) to establish reimbursement codes for endoscopic submucosal dissection. This provides a clear reimbursement framework for current and future U.S. healthcare providers which will encourage the adoption of next-generation products such as Creo's SpydrBlade ™ Flex along with the rest of Creo's advanced energy GI product range; Speedboat® UltraSlim , and Speedboat® Notch and MicroBlate ® Fine . Images: SpydrBlade™ Flex Commenting, Craig Gulliford, Chief Executive Officer, said: "This is an important commercial milestone for Creo as we have now received FDA clearance for our full suite of advanced energy GI products for resection, dissection and ablation. This product has tested us with some of our most difficult design challenges, the novelty of which and the associated IP (Intellectual Property), alongside our range of GI products, significantly differentiates Creo in the market. This is a very proud moment for the whole Creo team who have worked so hard to reach this milestone. "One of our founding advisory key opinion leaders, Professor Robert Hawes MD, once described SpydrBlade ™ Flex as 'incredible, the harmonic scalpel at the end of a flexible scope!'. This is high praise from one of the founding fathers of therapeutic endoscopy and a great comparison highlighting our mission to put advanced surgical OR capability into flexible endoscopy. "With the foundations of an established route to market through our existing sales channels, established and defined future reimbursement (CPT codes), we are excited by the potential adoption of SpydrBlade™ Flex and look forward to patients, clinicians and healthcare providers being able to benefit from the widespread commercialisation of SpydrBlade ™ Flex in the USA." For further information please contact: Creo Medical Group plc www.creomedical.com Richard Craven, Company Secretary Via Walbrook PR Deutsche Numis (Nominated Adviser, sole Broker and Financial Adviser) Freddie Barnfield / Duncan Monteith / Sher Shah +44 (0)20 7260 1000 Walbrook PR Ltd Tel: +44 (0)20 7933 8780 or creo@walbrookpr.com Paul McManus / Alice Woodings Mob: +44 (0)7980 541 893 / +44 (0)7407 804 654 About Creo Medical Creo Medical is a medical device company focused on the development and commercialisation of minimally invasive electrosurgical devices, bringing advanced energy to endoscopy. The Company's vision is to improve patient outcomes through the development and commercialisation of a suite of electrosurgical medical devices, each enabled by CROMA, powered by Kamaptive. The Group has developed the CROMA powered by Kamaptive full-spectrum adaptive technology to optimise surgical capability and patient outcomes. Kamaptive is a seamless, intuitive integration of multi-modal energy sources, optimised to dynamically adapt to patient tissue during procedures such as resection, dissection, coagulation and ablation of tissue. Kamaptive technology provides clinicians with increased flexibility, precision and controlled surgical solutions. CROMA currently delivers bipolar radiofrequency ("RF") energy for precise localised cutting and focused high frequency microwave ("MW") energy for controlled coagulation and ablation via a single accessory port. This technology, combined with the Group's range of patented electrosurgical devices, is designed to provide clinicians with flexible, accurate and controlled clinical solutions. The Directors believe the Company's technology can impact the landscape of surgery and endoscopy by providing a safer, less-invasive and more cost-efficient option for procedures. For more information, please refer to the website www.creomedical.com This information is provided by Reach, the non-regulatory press release distribution service of RNS, part of the London Stock Exchange. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Creo Medical Group (CREO) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 2 hours ago Trufin 2 hours ago Everplay Group plc 2 hours ago Hilton Food Group 2 hours ago Sunbelt Rentals Holdings, Inc. 16 hours ago Cambridge Cognition Holdings All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and