MicroBlate™ Flex begins lung tumour clinical study Creo Medical Group PLC 10 July 2025 Creo Medical Group plc ("Creo" or the "Company") MicroBlate™ Flex begins landmark lung tumour post-market clinical study Further step in the execution of Creo Medical's growth strategy Creo Medical Group plc (AIM: CREO), the medical device company focused on the emerging field of minimally invasive surgical endoscopy for pre-cancer and cancer patients, announces the first patient treated in a new post-market multi-centre "ablate and resect" clinical study (the "Study") evaluating the safety and performance of its MicroBlate™ Flex for the treatment of lung tumours. In the Study, patients who are scheduled for lung tumour resection first undergo ablation with Creo's MicroBlate ™ Flex device. Once surgically removed, the tumour is analysed to assess device performance against the patient's pre and post-procedural scans, a vital performance measure only achievable from this study design. The Study is taking place at the Amsterdam University Medical Centre in the Netherlands and at the Royal Brompton Hospital in the UK. Full details of the Study can be found here: https://clinicaltrials.gov/study/NCT06689488 The Study complements Creo's previously announced post-market study designed to gather immediate safety and longer-term follow-up clinical data. These studies, in conjunction with the post-market programme underway with Intuitive which delivers robotically-guided lung tumour ablation using Creo's MicroBlate™ Flex alongside Intuitive's Ion endoluminal system , will provide a substantial and robust clinical dataset ahead of commercialisation. About MicroBlate™ Flex MicroBlate ™ Flex is a soft tissue ablation device, designed to ablate nodules and tumours in several tissue types. Lung tumour ablation is a potential critical application for MicroBlate ™ Flex . Lung cancer is the most common cancer in men and the second most common cancer in women. Treatment options are currently sub optimal and typically involve chemotherapy, radiation therapy, surgery or a combination thereof. The unique design of MicroBlate™ Flex offers patients the prospect of a significantly less invasive outcome when treating lung tumours. Commenting, Craig Gulliford, Chief Executive Officer, said: "We're delighted to see the start of an additional clinical study to generate data on MicroBlate™ Flex, which we believe has the potential to become an invaluable tool for treating early lung cancers or metastatic tumours in the lung, whilst minimising damage to health parts of the lung. Our collaboration with Intuitive further strengthens our emerging position at the forefront of minimally invasive lung cancer treatment and highlights the broad potential of MicroBlate™ Flex as we move toward commercialisation ." For further information please contact: Creo Medical Group plc www.creomedical.com Richard Craven, Company Secretary Via Walbrook PR Deutsche Numis (Nominated Adviser, sole Broker and Financial Adviser) Freddie Barnfield / Duncan Monteith / Sher Shah +44 (0)20 7260 1000 Walbrook PR Ltd Tel: +44 (0)20 7933 8780 or creo@walbrookpr.com Paul McManus / Alice Woodings Mob: +44 (0)7980 541 893 / +44 (0)7407 804 654 About Creo Medical Creo Medical is a medical device company focused on the development and commercialisation of minimally invasive electrosurgical devices, bringing advanced energy to endoscopy. The Company's vision is to improve patient outcomes through the development and commercialisation of a suite of electrosurgical medical devices, each enabled by CROMA, powered by Kamaptive. The Group has developed the CROMA powered by Kamaptive full-spectrum adaptive technology to optimise surgical capability and patient outcomes. Kamaptive is a seamless, intuitive integration of multi-modal energy sources, optimised to dynamically adapt to patient tissue during procedures such as resection, dissection, coagulation and ablation of tissue. Kamaptive technology provides clinicians with increased flexibility, precision and controlled surgical solutions. CROMA currently delivers bipolar radiofrequency ("RF") energy for precise localised cutting and focused high frequency microwave ("MW") energy for controlled coagulation and ablation via a single accessory port. This technology, combined with the Group's range of patented electrosurgical devices, is designed to provide clinicians with flexible, accurate and controlled clinical solutions. The Directors believe the Company's technology can impact the landscape of surgery and endoscopy by providing a safer, less-invasive and more cost-efficient option for procedures. For more information, please refer to the website www.creomedical.com This information is provided by Reach, the non-regulatory press release distribution service of RNS, part of the London Stock Exchange. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Creo Medical Group (CREO) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 2 hours ago Trufin 2 hours ago Everplay Group plc 2 hours ago Hilton Food Group 2 hours ago Sunbelt Rentals Holdings, Inc. 16 hours ago Cambridge Cognition Holdings All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and