MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 36 ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 56 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 56 ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 57 ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 57 ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 57 ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 57 PART III ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 58 ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 58 ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 58 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 59 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 59 PART IV ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 60 ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 60 SIGNATURES 65 Table of Contents PART I This Form 10-K contains statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"). We intend such statements to be covered by the safe harbor provisions for statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Our actual results could differ materially from those set forth in each statement. Certain factors that might cause such a difference are discussed in this report, including in the section entitled " Statements" included in this Form 10-K. You should also review Item 1A. "Risk Factors" for a discussion of various risks that could adversely affect us. ITEM 1. BUSINESS General AvalonBay Communities, Inc. (the "Company," "we," "our" and "us" which terms, unless the context otherwise requires, refer to AvalonBay Communities, Inc. together with its subsidiaries), is a Maryland corporation that has elected to be treated as a real estate investment trust ("REIT") for federal income tax purposes. We develop, redevelop, acquire, own and operate apartment communities in New England, the New York/New Jersey metro area, the , the Pacific Northwest, and Northern and Southern California, as well as in our expansion regions of and Charlotte, North Carolina, Southeast Florida, Dallas and Austin, Texas, and Denver, Colorado. We use the term apartment communities to refer to properties that consist of apartment homes or townhomes or a combination of both. We focus on leading metropolitan areas that we believe have offered, and will continue to offer, the opportunity for superior returns over the on apartment community investments relative to other markets. At January 31, 2026, we owned or held a direct or indirect ownership interest in: • 292 operating apartment communities containing 88,768 apartment homes in 11 states and the District of Columbia, of which 284 communities containing 86,374 apartment homes were consolidated for financial reporting purposes and eight communities containing 2,394 apartment homes were held by unconsolidated entities in which we hold an ownership interest. • 27 development apartment communities that are under construction or completed and in and are expected to contain an aggregate of 9,692 apartment homes when completed. • Rights to develop an additional 33 communities that, if developed as expected, will contain 10,532 apartment homes. We generally obtain ownership in an apartment community by developing a new community on either vacant land or land with improvements that we raze, or by acquiring an existing community. In selecting sites for development or acquisition, we favor locations that are near expanding employment centers and convenient to transportation, recreation areas, entertainment, shopping and dining. Our principal financial goal is to increase shareholder value through the development, redevelopment, acquisition, ownership, operation and asset management and, when appropriate, disposition of apartment communities in our markets. To help meet this goal, we regularly (i) monitor our investment allocation by geographic market and product type, (ii) develop, redevelop and acquire interests in apartment communities in our selected markets, (iii) efficiently operate our communities to maximize resident satisfaction and shareholder return, (iv) selectively sell apartment communities that no longer meet our strategy or when opportunities are presented to realize a portion of the value created through our investment and redeploy the proceeds from those sales and (v) maintain a capital structure that we believe is aligned with our business risks and allows us to maintain continuous access to capital. We also seek to generate additional shareholder value from investments in other real ventures, including through our Structured Investment Program ("SIP"), our platform to provide mezzanine loans or preferred equity to apartment community developers in our existing regions. We undertake our development and redevelopment activities primarily through development and redevelopment teams, and we buy and dispose of assets through our investments platform. We believe that our organizational structure, which includes dedicated development and operational teams, and strong culture are key differentiators. We pursue our development, redevelopment, investment and operating activities with the purpose of "Creating a Better Way to Live." 1 Table of Contents We seek to be the leading rental housing company in select U.S. markets by delivering distinctive experiences that customers value, creating a workplace where associates thrive, and achieving superior results for shareholders. We focus on markets that we believe are generally characterized by growing employment in high wage sectors of the economy, higher cost of home ownership, and a diverse and vibrant quality of life. From an operating perspective, we seek to deliver seamless, personalized experiences for our residents on an efficient and effective basis by our associates that are supported by our centralized shared services operating organization and flexible technology platform that incorporates automation and artificial intelligence ("AI"). We operate our apartment communities under four core brands: • Avalon, our core "Avalon" brand, focuses on upscale apartment living and high end amenities and services; • AVA targets customers in , neighborhoods and generally feature smaller apartments, many of which are designed for roommate living, and a variety of active common spaces that encourage socialization; • eaves by Avalon is targeted to the cost conscious, "value" segment primarily in suburban areas; and • Kanso is designed to create an apartment living experience that offers simplicity without sacrifice at a more moderate price point, featuring apartment homes, community amenities and a , largely self- service operating model that leverages technology and smart access. We believe that this branding differentiation allows us to target our product offerings to multiple customer groups and submarkets within our existing geographic footprint. During the three years ended December 31, 2025, we: • acquired 22 apartment communities, excluding unconsolidated investments; • disposed of 21 apartment communities, excluding unconsolidated investments; and • completed the development of 20 apartment communities, including unconsolidated investments, and the redevelopment of one apartment community. A more detailed description of our unconsolidated real estate entities and the related investment activity can be found in Note 5, "Investments," of the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 of this report and in Item 7. "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations." A further discussion of our development, redevelopment, disposition, acquisition, operating and property management and related strategies follows. Development Strategy. We select land for development and follow established procedures that we believe minimize both the cost and the risks of development. As one of the largest developers of multifamily rental apartment communities in our selected markets, we maintain regional offices to identify and support development opportunities through local market presence and access to local market information. In addition to our principal executive office in Arlington, Virginia, we also have regional offices, administrative offices or specialty offices, all of which are located in the United States. After selecting a site for development, we usually negotiate for the right to acquire the site either through an option or a conditional contract. Options and conditional contracts generally allow us to acquire an interest in the site after the completion of entitlements and shortly before the start of construction, which reduces development-related risks and preserves capital. However, as a result of competitive market conditions for land suitable for development, we have sometimes acquired and held land prior to construction for extended periods while entitlements are obtained. When acquiring improved land with existing commercial uses prior to development, any rent received in excess of expenses from these operations, which we consider to be incidental, is accounted for as a reduction in our investment in the development pursuit and not as net income. Any expenses relating to these operations, in excess of any rents received, are recognized in net income. In addition, we have previously identified, and may again in the future identify, opportunities to increase value by expanding the density of certain existing operating communities. We have also participated, and may in the future participate, in master planned or other large developments where we commit to build infrastructure (such as roads) to be used by other participants or commit to act as construction manager or general contractor in building structures or spaces for third parties (such as unimproved ground floor commercial space, municipal garages or parks). Costs we incur in connection with these activities may be accounted for as additional invested capital in the community or we may earn fee income for providing these services. Particularly with large scale, urban developments, we may engage in significant environmental remediation efforts to prepare a site for construction. For further discussion of our Development Rights, refer to Item 2. "Properties" in this report. 2 Table of Contents We generally act as our own development manager, general contractor and construction manager directly (although we may use a subsidiary), and will elect to use a developer or general contractor where we believe it is beneficial to do so, such as in our expansion regions where we may have limited resources or scale. Certain communities are developed through our DFP, which utilizes multifamily developers to source and construct communities which we own and operate. We believe direct involvement in construction enables us to achieve higher construction quality, greater control over construction schedules and cost savings. Our development, property management and construction teams monitor construction progress to ensure quality workmanship and a smooth and timely transition into the leasing and operating phase. Throughout this report, the term "development" is used to refer to the entire property development cycle, including pursuit of zoning approvals, procurement of architectural and engineering designs and the construction process. References to "construction" refer to the actual construction of the property, which is only one element of the development cycle. Redevelopment Strategy. When we undertake the redevelopment of a community, our goal is to renovate and/or rebuild an existing community so that our total investment is generally below replacement cost and the community is well positioned in the market to achieve attractive returns on our capital. In addition to large scale redevelopment where a community is classified as a redevelopment, we undertake smaller scale redevelopment activities related to the apartment interiors to enhance the resident experience at our operating communities. We have dedicated redevelopment teams and procedures that are intended to control both the cost and risks of redevelopment. Our redevelopment teams, which include redevelopment, construction and property management personnel, monitor redevelopment progress. Throughout this report, the term "redevelopment" is used to refer to the entire redevelopment cycle, including planning and procurement of architectural and engineering designs, budgeting and actual renovation work. The actual renovation work is referred to as "reconstruction," which is only one element of the redevelopment cycle. Disposition Strategy. We sell assets that no longer meet our strategy or when real estate market conditions are favorable, and we redeploy the proceeds from those sales to develop, redevelop and acquire communities and to rebalance our portfolio across or within geographic regions. This also allows us to realize a portion of the value created through our investments and provides additional liquidity by redeploying the net proceeds from our dispositions in lieu of raising that amount of capital externally. When we decide to sell a community, we generally solicit competing bids from unrelated parties for these individual assets and consider the sales price and other terms of each proposal. Acquisition Strategy. Our core competencies in development and redevelopment discussed above allow us to be selective in the acquisitions we target. Acquisitions allow us to achieve rapid penetration into markets in which we desire an increased presence. Acquisitions (and dispositions) also help us achieve our desired product mix or rebalance our portfolio. While we are primarily focused on acquisitions in our expansion regions of and Charlotte, North Carolina, Southeast Florida, Dallas and Austin, Texas, and Denver, Colorado, we may pursue additional investments in our established regions based on market conditions. Operating & Property Management Strategy. We seek to increase operating income through innovative, proactive property management that will result in higher revenue from communities while constraining operating expenses. Our principal strategies to maximize operating income include: • focusing on associate engagement and resident satisfaction; • employing an innovative and continually evolving operating model that combines effective onsite associates with the capabilities of our centralized shared services center, technology platform and digital offerings and various automation technologies, including the use of AI; • utilizing data science and our operating experience to optimize Net Operating Income ("NOI") from the portfolio, including making operating decisions that reduce customer acquisition, transaction and retention costs; • staggering lease terms such that lease expirations are matched with seasonal demand; and • delivering high occupancy with premium pricing for various customer segments. Constraining growth in operating expenses is another way in which we seek to increase earnings growth. Growth in our portfolio and the resulting increase in revenue allows for fixed operating costs to be spread over a larger volume of revenue, thereby increasing operating margins. We constrain growth in operating expenses in a variety of ways, which include, but are not limited to, the following: • purchase order controls, including acquiring goods and services from vendors; • national negotiated contracts and bulk purchases where possible; • bidding contracts on a volume basis; 3 Table of Contents • retaining residents through high levels of service, which reduces apartment turnover costs, marketing and vacant apartment utility costs; • performing turnover work or hiring third parties, generally considering the most approach as well as expertise needed to perform the work; • regular preventive maintenance to maximize resident safety and satisfaction and property and equipment life; • centralization of lease renewal activity, as well as many community administration and support tasks at our shared service center; • pursuing real estate tax appeals; • installing high efficiency lighting and water fixtures, cogeneration systems and solar panels; and • implementing technology for resident and prospect services such as smart locks, package lockers, bulk internet and or virtual tours. property management teams receive bonuses based largely upon the revenue, expense, NOI, prospect conversion, resident retention and customer service metrics produced at their respective communities. We use and continuously seek ways to improve technology applications to help manage our communities, believing that such tools can improve the delivery and efficiency of our services and aid in the accurate collection of financial and resident data, which will enable us to maximize revenue and control costs through careful leasing decisions, maintenance decisions and financial management. We generally manage the operation and leasing activity of our communities directly (although we may use a subsidiary) both for ourselves and the joint ventures and partnerships of which we are a member or a partner. From time to time, we may engage a third party to manage leasing and/or maintenance activity at one or more of our communities, such as in our expansion regions where we may have limited resources or scale. From time to time we also pursue or arrange ancillary services for our residents to provide additional revenue sources or increase resident satisfaction. We provide such services to residents or share in the revenue or income from such services through a taxable REIT subsidiary ("TRS"), which is a subsidiary that is treated as a "C corporation" subject to federal income taxes. See "Tax Matters" below. Financing Strategy. Our financing strategy is to maintain a capital structure that provides financial flexibility to help ensure we can select capital market options that are well matched to our business risks. We estimate that our liquidity needs will be met from cash on hand; borrowings under our $2,500,000,000 revolving variable rate unsecured credit facility (the "Credit Facility"); borrowings under our $1,000,000,000 unsecured commercial paper note program (the "Commercial Paper Program"), which is backstopped by our commitment to maintain available capacity under the Credit Facility for any amounts of commercial paper notes outstanding; sales of current operating communities; and/or issuance of additional debt or equity securities. A determination to engage in an equity or debt offering depends on a variety of factors such as general market and economic conditions, our short and liquidity needs, the relative costs of debt and equity capital and growth opportunities. A summary of debt and equity activity for the last three years is reflected on our Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows of the Consolidated Financial Statements set forth in Item 8 of this report. We have entered into, and may continue in the future to enter into, joint ventures (including limited liability companies or partnerships) through which we would develop and/or own an indirect economic interest of less than 100% of the community or communities owned directly by such joint ventures. Our decision to either hold an apartment community in fee simple or to have an indirect interest in the community through a joint venture is based on a variety of factors and considerations, including: (i) the economic and tax terms required by a seller of land or of a community; (ii) our desire to diversify our portfolio of communities by market, submarket and product type; (iii) our desire at times to preserve our capital resources to maintain liquidity or balance sheet strength; and (iv) our projection, in some circumstances, that we will achieve higher returns on our invested capital or reduce our risk if a joint venture vehicle is used. Investments in joint ventures are not limited to a specified percentage of our assets. Each joint venture agreement is individually negotiated, and our ability to operate and/or dispose of a community in our sole discretion may be limited to varying degrees depending on the terms of the joint venture agreement. In addition, from time to time, we may offer shares of our equity securities, debt securities or options to purchase stock in exchange for property. We may also acquire properties in exchange for properties we currently own. Other Strategies and Activities. While we emphasize equity real estate investments in rental apartment communities, we have the ability to invest in other activities and to make investments, including the following: • Structured Investment Program : while we generally invest in multifamily real estate through fee simple ownership or an equity investment in a joint venture, we operate an investment platform through which we provide mezzanine loans or preferred equity to multifamily developers in our existing regions. 4 Table of Contents • Commercial space : we develop, own and lease commercial space at our communities when either (i) the highest and best use of the space is for commercial (e.g., street level in an urban area); (ii) we believe the commercial space will enhance the attractiveness of the community to residents; or (iii) some component of commercial space is required to obtain entitlements to build apartment homes. • property technology and sustainability focused companies and investment management funds : we have also invested, either through a TRS, or in an investment vehicle that has elected to be treated as a TRS, in companies (and in venture funds that invest in companies) that provide technology services to the real estate industry, and we have invested, through a TRS, in environmentally focused companies and investment management funds to further our sustainability efforts and learning. • real estate development : we may also develop a property in conjunction with another real estate company that will own and operate the commercial or residential components of a building or project that we help develop. We may from time to time, through a TRS, develop real estate and hold it for sale upon completion if we believe that this will be the best use or disposition opportunity for the property. We have not engaged in trading, underwriting or agency distribution or sale of securities of other issuers and do not intend to do so. At all times we intend to make investments in a manner so as to qualify as a REIT unless, because of circumstances or changes to the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code") (or the Treasury Regulations thereunder), our Board of Directors determines that it is no longer in our best interest to qualify as a REIT. We conduct many of the administrative functions associated with our property operations (including billing, collections, and response to resident inquiries) through an internally operated shared services center, rather than having associates conduct such activities. We believe this centralized platform allows our associates to focus more on current and prospective resident services, while at the same time enabling us to reduce costs, mitigate risk and increase our availability and responsiveness to our residents. Since , we have provided various , financial administrative support services for a third party leveraging the economies of scale at our center to produce an additional revenue stream. Tax Matters We filed an election with our 1994 federal income tax return to be taxed as a REIT under the Code and intend to maintain our qualification as a REIT in the future. As a REIT, with limited exceptions, such as those described under "Operating & Property Management Strategy" above, we will not be taxed under federal and certain state income tax laws at the corporate level on our taxable net income to the extent such taxable net income is distributed to our stockholders. We expect to make sufficient distributions to avoid income tax at the corporate level. While we believe that we are organized and qualified as a REIT and we intend to operate in a manner that will allow us to continue to qualify as a REIT, there can be no assurance that we will be successful in this regard. Qualification as a REIT involves the application of highly technical and complex provisions of the Code for which there are limited judicial and administrative interpretations and involves the determination of a variety of factual matters and circumstances not entirely within our control. Competition We face competition from other real estate investors, including insurance companies, pension and investment funds, private equity, sovereign wealth funds and REITs (both in the multifamily as well as other sectors), to acquire and develop apartment communities and acquire land for future development. As an owner and operator of apartment communities, we also face competition for prospective residents from other operators whose communities may be perceived to offer a better location or better amenities or whose pricing may be perceived as a better value given the quality, location, terms and amenities that the prospective resident seeks. We also compete against other housing options such as homes that are for sale or rent. Although we often compete against large, sophisticated developers and operators for development opportunities and for prospective residents, real estate developers and operators of any size can provide effective competition for both real estate assets and potential residents. 5 Table of Contents Regulatory Matters Compliance with various governmental regulations has an impact on our business, including our capital expenditures, earnings and competitive position, which can be material. We incur costs to monitor and take actions to comply with governmental regulations that are applicable to our business, which include, among others, federal securities laws and regulations, applicable stock exchange requirements, REIT and other tax laws and regulations, antitrust laws, privacy laws, environmental and health and safety laws and regulations, local zoning, usage and other regulations relating to real property, the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 and related laws and regulations, and laws and regulations relating to tenant rights and consumer protections. Environmental Regulations. As a current or prior owner, operator and developer of real estate, we are subject to various federal, state and local environmental laws, regulations and ordinances that govern, among other things, the presence, handling, storage, disposal and remediation of hazardous or toxic substances, and we also could be liable to third parties resulting from environmental contamination or noncompliance at our communities. Under certain environmental laws, such liability may be imposed without regard to fault or knowledge of the contamination. For some Development Communities, we undertake extensive environmental remediation to prepare the site for construction, which could be a significant portion of our total construction cost. Environmental remediation efforts could expose us to possible liabilities for accidents or improper handling of contaminated materials during construction. Regulations Relating to the Construction, Operation and Leasing of Our Communities . The construction, operation and leasing of our communities is subject to federal, state and local laws and regulations, including zoning laws, building codes, requirements that our communities be accessible to persons with disabilities, fair housing laws, and, depending on the jurisdiction, regulations regarding the charging of rents and fees and increases in such amounts upon renewal of leases. Some laws relating to the setting of rents apply broadly, such as in California, where residential rent increases at renewal in communities older than fifteen years are limited to the lesser of 10% or 5% plus local consumer price index ("CPI"), the State of Washington, which has similar rules limiting rent increases to the lesser of 10% or 7% plus local CPI for communities older than 12 years, and in New York, where laws regulate increases on those units that are subject to or . In California, the Governor and local governments have the ability to enact (and have in recent years exercised such right, for example, in connection with wildfires) local or statewide states of emergency which limit our ability to increase new and renewal rents to no more than 10% over the rent in place on the date such state of emergency was declared, which has impacted some of our California communities. We have seen an increase in state and local governments in our markets implementing, considering or being urged by various constituencies to consider new or modified rent control regulations, rent stabilization, or other laws that may limit or delay our ability to charge market rents, increase rents, screen tenants, use algorithmic pricing tools, charge fees, or evict tenants. See Part I, Item 1A. "Risk Factors" for a discussion of material risks to us, including, to the extent material, to our competitive position and relating to governmental and environmental regulations, and see Part II, Item 7. "Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations," together with the Consolidated Financial Statements and the accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this report, for a discussion of material information relevant to an assessment of our financial condition and results of operations. Human Capital Attracting, motivating, developing, and retaining talented associates is important to our success. We engage with our associates to understand our purpose, "Creating a Better Way to Live," our core values and our cultural norms. At January 31, 2026, we had 3,041 employees, of which approximately 99% were employed on a basis. Approximately 61% of our associates work at our operating communities. None of our associates are represented by a union. At January 31, 2026, 36% of our associates as White, 30% as Hispanic, 17% as Black, 7% as Asian, and 10% as other ethnicities, two or more ethnicities or did not respond. At January 31, 2026, 60% of our associates as male and 40% as female. Associate Engagement. We monitor the engagement of our associates, receive feedback from our associates, and benchmark our performance by having a third party firm conduct anonymous associate perspective surveys. The results are discussed and presented both on a basis and within each functional group. Safety. We take workplace safety seriously at our construction sites, our operating communities and our offices. Through our Construction Site Safety Observation program and our dedicated safety team, we monitor safety performance metrics at our construction sites, and elements of compensation for our construction group and our CEO are based on safety 6 Table of Contents compliance performance. Our maintenance associates are required to take monthly safety training on a variety of subjects, and our risk management group monitors incident reports from our offices and communities. Training. To help our associates develop the skills they need to advance in their careers and succeed at AvalonBay, we train them in a variety of ways, including providing job aids and quick reference guides, courses and videos, and virtual, training and learning. Our learning management system, Workday Learning, offers approximately 700 courses providing functional, technical, management, ethics, compliance, and safety training. Available Information We file annual, quarterly and current reports, proxy statements and other information with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC"). You may obtain copies of our SEC filings, free of charge, from the SEC's website at www.sec.gov. We maintain a website at www.avalonbay.com. Our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and current reports on Form 8-K, including exhibits and amendments to those reports, filed or furnished pursuant to the Exchange Act are available free of charge in the "Investor Relations" section of our website as soon as reasonably practicable after the reports are filed with or furnished to the SEC. In addition, the charters of our Board's Nominating, Governance and Corporate Responsibility Committee, Audit Committee and Compensation Committee, as well as our Director Independence Standards, Corporate Governance Guidelines, Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, Policy Regarding Shareholder Rights Agreements, Policy Regarding Shareholder Approval of Future Severance Agreements, Senior Officer Stock Ownership Guidelines, Policy on Political Contributions and Government Relations, Compensation Recovery Policy, Insider Trading Policy, AvalonBay Sanctions Compliance and Policy and Corporate Responsibility Reports, are available free of charge in that section of our website or by writing to AvalonBay Communities, Inc., 4040 Wilson Blvd., Suite 1000, Arlington, Virginia 22203, Attention: Chief Financial Officer. To the extent required by the rules of the SEC and the New York Stock Exchange (the "NYSE"), we will disclose amendments and waivers to the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, and to the other documents as required by those documents and applicable laws, in the same place on our website. The information posted on our website is not incorporated into this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 7 Table of Contents ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS Our operations involve various risks that could have adverse consequences, including those described below. This Item 1A. includes statements. You should refer to our discussion of the qualifications and limitations on statements in this Form 10-K. Risks related to investments through acquisitions, construction, development, and joint ventures Development, redevelopment and construction risks could affect our profitability. We intend to continue to develop and redevelop apartment communities which include apartment homes or townhomes or a combination of both. These activities can include long planning and entitlement timelines and can involve complex and costly activities, including significant environmental remediation or construction work in urban areas. These activities may expose us to the following risks, among others: • we have abandoned, and may in the future abandon, opportunities that we have already begun to explore for a number of reasons, including changes in local market conditions or increases in construction or financing costs or we may impair land held for development, and as a result, we may fail to recover expenses already incurred in exploring those opportunities; • occupancy rates and rents at a community may fail to meet our original expectations for a number of reasons, including changes in market and economic conditions beyond our control and the development by competitors of competing communities; • we may be unable to obtain, or experience delays in obtaining, necessary zoning, occupancy or other required governmental or third party permits and authorizations, which could result in increased costs, or the delay or abandonment of opportunities; • we may incur costs that exceed our original estimates due to increased material, labor or other costs or supply chain disruptions, including as a result of tariffs or changes in immigration laws or their enforcement, which could impact our overall return from our development, redevelopment or construction activity; • we may be unable to complete construction of a community on schedule or for the originally projected cost resulting in increased construction and financing costs; • we may incur liabilities to third parties during the development process, for example, in connection with managing existing improvements on the site prior to tenant terminations and demolition (such as commercial space) or in connection with providing services to third parties (such as the construction of shared infrastructure or other improvements); • developers, subcontractors, or key suppliers may fail to perform (including due to financial distress, labor shortages or supply chain disruptions), which could result in delays, cost overruns, workmanship defects, litigation, or the inability to complete a community on schedule or on the budget we originally projected; and • we may incur liability if our communities are not constructed in compliance with the accessibility provisions of the Americans with Disabilities Act, the Fair Housing Act or other federal, state or local requirements. Noncompliance could result in imposition of fines, an award of damages to private litigants and a requirement that we undertake structural modifications to remedy the noncompliance. Refer to our "Risks related to liquidity and financing" section below for additional construction and development risks related to financing. Attractive investment opportunities may not be available, which could adversely affect our profitability. We expect that other real estate investors, including insurance companies, pension and investment funds, private equity, sovereign wealth funds and REITs both in the multifamily as well as other sectors, will compete with us to acquire existing properties and to develop new properties. This competition could increase prices for properties of the type we would likely pursue and adversely affect our profitability for new investments. Acquisitions may not yield anticipated results. Our business strategy of acquiring communities involves the following risks, among others: (i) acquisitions may not perform as we expected; (ii) our estimate of the costs of operating, repositioning or redeveloping an acquisition may be inaccurate; and (iii) acquisitions may subject us to unknown liabilities. Failure to succeed in new markets, or with new brands and community formats, or in activities other than the development, ownership and operation of residential rental communities may have adverse consequences. We have engaged, and may continue from time to time to engage, in development, acquisition and operating activity outside of our market areas. Our historical experience in our existing markets in developing, owning and operating rental communities does not ensure that we will be able to operate successfully in new markets. We may be exposed to a variety of risks when we enter a 8 Table of Contents new market, including an inability to accurately evaluate local apartment rental housing market conditions and an inability to obtain land for development or to identify appropriate acquisition opportunities. In order to more rapidly expand in our new markets, we have relied on third party developers to source and manage developments and on general contractors to manage construction more than we have in our existing markets. Relying on third parties to assist with and/or oversee development and construction creates additional and different risks than when we manage these activities directly, including that the third party may not perform to our standards, may breach contractual arrangements, or may incur liquidity constraints. We also may engage or have an interest in activity. We may be unsuccessful at developing real estate with the intent to sell or in selling condominiums at originally underwritten values, within anticipated timeframes, or at all, as a disposition strategy for an asset, which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations. We provide, through our internally operated shared service center, various , financial administrative support services to a third party for a fee, and we may in the future provide such services to other third parties. There can be no assurance that we will be successful in providing such services, and the provision of such services creates additional sources of risk and potential liability for us with respect to the professional commitments and service levels we undertake when providing such services. We are exposed to risks associated with investment in technology and environmentally focused venture funds and companies. We have invested in, and may in the future invest in, venture funds that invest in companies seeking innovation through new processes and the application of technology to property operations, development, construction and energy management. We have also invested directly in, and may in the future invest directly in, companies that engage in these activities. While such investments give us a greater understanding of new and emerging technologies, such investments involve risks, including the possibility that our investments will decline substantially in value or fail to achieve anticipated strategic benefits. Our investments in technology companies, or in funds that invest in technology companies, are generally held through TRSs pursuant to which we will incur taxable gains upon the disposition of our interests. In addition, the value of these investments may be volatile and declines in value may impact our reported income even if we do not sell the investment. We are exposed to risks associated with investment in, and management of, joint ventures. At times we invest directly and indirectly in real estate as a partner or a with other investors. Joint venture investments involve risks, including the possibility that our partner might become insolvent or otherwise refuse to make capital contributions when due; that we may be responsible to our partner for indemnifiable losses or the debt and obligations of an investment; that our investments may lose all or some of their value; that our partner might have business goals that are inconsistent with ours which may result in the venture or investment being unable to implement certain decisions that we consider beneficial; that our partner may be in a position to take action or withhold consent contrary to our instructions or requests; that, in cases where we are the general partner or managing member, our partners holding a majority of the equity interests may remove us from such role in certain cases involving cause; and that we may be liable and/or our status as a REIT may be jeopardized if either the investments, or the REIT entities associated with the investments, fail to comply with various tax or other regulatory matters. Frequently, we and our partner may each have the right to trigger a or similar arrangement that could cause us to sell our interest, acquire our partner's interest or force a sale of the asset, which could occur at a time when we otherwise would not have initiated such a transaction or on terms that are not most advantageous to us. Mezzanine debt and preferred equity investments could cause us to incur expenses and experience delays in recovery, which could adversely affect our results of operations. We make mezzanine loans to borrowers and obtain preferred equity interests in projects owned by sponsors as part of our SIP. Some of these instruments may have some recourse to their borrower or sponsor, while others are limited to the collateral securing the loan or the right to remove the sponsor as manager of the venture in preferred equity investments. In the event of a default under these obligations, we may elect to take possession of the collateral securing these interests, or remove a sponsor from management of a preferred equity investment. Borrowers of mezzanine loans may contest our enforcement actions, including foreclosure, assignment in lieu of foreclosure, or other remedies, and sponsors may contest our removal actions. In addition, borrowers and sponsors may seek bankruptcy protection against such enforcement and/or bring claims for lender liability in response to actions to enforce their obligations to us, which could result in significant legal costs, delays, or limitations on our ability to realize the value of our investments. Declines in the value of the underlying properties may also prevent us from realizing an amount equal to our investment upon foreclosure or other remedies even if we make substantial improvements or repairs to maximize such properties' investment potential. We cannot be certain that our estimate of future credit losses will be adequate over time because of unanticipated adverse changes in the economy or events adversely affecting specific properties, assets, tenants, borrowers, industries in which our tenants and borrowers operate or markets in which our tenants and borrowers or their properties are located. The ultimate 9 Table of Contents resolutions may differ from our expectation, and we could suffer losses that would have a material adverse effect on our financial performance, the trading price of our securities and our ability to pay dividends and distributions. We are exposed to risks associated with real estate assets that are subject to ground leases that may restrict our ability to finance, sell or otherwise transfer our interests in those assets, limit our use and expose us to loss if such agreements are breached by us or terminated. We own assets that are subject to ground leases. These ground leases may impose limitations on our use or improvement of the properties, restrict our ability to finance, sell or otherwise transfer our interests or restrict the leasing of the properties. These restrictions may limit our ability to timely sell or exchange the properties, impair the properties’ value or negatively impact our ability to operate the properties. In addition, we could lose our interests in the properties if the ground leases are breached by us, terminated or lapse. As we get closer to the lease termination dates, the values of the properties could decrease if we are unable to agree upon an extension of the lease with the lessor. Certain of these ground leases have payments subject to annual escalations and/or periodic fair market value adjustments which could adversely affect our financial condition or results of operations. Land we hold with no current intent to develop may be subject to future impairment charges. We own land parcels that we do not currently intend to develop. As discussed in Item 2. "Properties—Other Land and Real Estate Assets," in the event that the fair market value, less the cost to dispose of a parcel, changes such that it is less than the carrying basis of the parcel, we would be subject to an impairment charge, which would reduce our net income. Our various initiatives to improve our operating margins and customer experience may fail to perform as expected and may expose us to additional risks. We have developed and may continue to develop initiatives that are intended to serve our customers better and help us operate more efficiently, including "smart home" and building automation technologies; use of AI in correspondence with prospective, current and prior residents; automation of internal business processes and other applications; and options that are accessible to residents through smart devices or otherwise. Such initiatives have involved and may continue to involve our employees having new or different responsibilities and processes. We may incur significant costs and divert resources in connection with such initiatives, and these initiatives may not perform as expected, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. Certain AI or machine learning tools used in our operations, or used by third parties with whom we do business, may generate outputs that are incomplete, inaccurate, misleading or otherwise flawed, and such issues may be difficult to identify or detect. Reliance on such outputs could result in operational inefficiencies, errors in communications, adverse impacts on resident experience, reputational harm, loss of customers, or legal or regulatory exposure. Furthermore, future regulatory developments, including data privacy laws, AI governance requirements, cybersecurity standards, or consumer protection protocols could impose restrictions on the use of these technologies or require us to implement costly compliance measures. Competition from companies employing initiatives more effectively could also negatively impact our business. Finally, public perception of new technologies (including AI), such as concerns about data privacy and algorithmic bias, could affect customer acceptance of services, which could harm our reputation and business. Risks related to liquidity and financing Capital and credit market conditions may adversely affect our access to various sources of capital and/or the cost of capital, which could impact our business activities, dividends, earnings and common stock price, among other things. In periods when the capital and credit markets experience significant volatility or prolonged tightening, the amounts, sources and cost of capital available to us may be adversely affected. We use external financing as one source of capital to fund construction and to refinance indebtedness as it matures. If sufficient sources of external financing are not available to us on terms, we could be forced to limit our development and redevelopment activity and/or take other actions to fund our business activities and repayment of debt, such as selling assets, reducing our cash dividend or issuing equity or debt securities. If we are able and/or choose to access capital at a higher cost than we have experienced in recent years, our earnings per share and cash flows could be adversely affected. In addition, the price of our common stock may fluctuate significantly and/or decline in a high interest rate environment or a volatile economic environment, or if we dilute the interest of stockholders by issuing additional equity. Further, events involving limited liquidity, defaults, or other adverse developments that affect the lenders under our Credit Facility, the dealers under our Commercial Paper Program, financial institutions where we have deposits, transactional counterparties or other companies in the financial services industry generally, or concerns or rumors about any events of these kinds or other similar risks, could result in losses or defaults by these institutions or counterparties or could lead to liquidity problems. Disruptions and uncertainty with respect to financial institutions, including as a result of bank failures, credit downgrades and liquidity concerns, may negatively impact our ability to refinance existing indebtedness and access additional financing at reasonable terms or at all, or may cause us or our transactional counterparties to be unable to complete transactions as intended, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 10 Table of Contents Insufficient cash flow could affect our debt financing and create refinancing risk. We are subject to the risks associated with debt financing, including the risk that our available cash will be insufficient to meet required payments of principal and interest on our debt. For us to continue to qualify as a REIT, we are required to annually distribute dividends generally equal to at least 90% of our REIT taxable income, which limits the amount of our cash flow available to meet required principal and interest payments. The principal outstanding balance on a portion of our debt will not be fully amortized prior to its maturity. We cannot assure you that we will have sufficient cash flows available to make all required principal payments. Therefore, we expect that we will generally need to refinance at least a portion of our outstanding debt as it matures. There is a risk that we may not be able to refinance existing debt or that a refinancing will not be done on as favorable terms; either of these outcomes could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. Rising interest rates could increase interest costs and could affect the market price of our common stock, and efforts to hedge such risk could be ineffective and cause us to incur additional costs. Interest rates have increased in recent years, and may increase further. If interest rates maintain their existing levels or further increase, our interest costs on variable rate debt will rise, and our effective interest costs on newly issued fixed rate debt may be higher than on our existing debt. In addition, an increase in market interest rates may lead purchasers of our common stock to demand a greater annual dividend yield, which could adversely affect the market price of our common stock. We use interest rate derivatives to manage our exposure to fluctuations in interest rates in connection with anticipated debt issuances, floating rate debt or refinancing activity. Such hedges may mitigate interest rate volatility. The interest rate derivatives we use to manage interest rate risk for our anticipated debt issuance activity could result in a material impact to earnings if we do not issue the anticipated debt, or are otherwise unsuccessful in our hedging activities. In addition, our use of hedging arrangements may expose us to additional risks, including a risk that a counterparty to a hedging arrangement may default on the contract. There can be no assurance that our hedging activities will be effective at reducing the risks associated with interest rate fluctuations. Bond financing and zoning and other compliance requirements could limit our income, restrict the use of communities and cause favorable financing to become unavailable. We have financed some of our apartment communities with obligations issued by local government agencies because the interest paid to the holders of this debt is generally exempt from federal income taxes, which typically provides a more favorable interest rate for us. These obligations are commonly referred to as " bonds" and generally must be secured by mortgages on our communities. As a condition to obtaining (i) financing, (ii) favorable zoning or (iii) an agreement relating to property taxes in some jurisdictions, we will commit to make some of the apartments in a community available to households whose income does not exceed certain thresholds (e.g., 50% or 80% of area median income), or who meet other qualifying tests. As of December 31, 2025, 4.5% of homes at Current Communities were under income limitations such as these. These commitments, which may or may not expire, may limit our ability to raise rents, adversely affecting the value of communities subject to these restrictions. If we fail to observe these commitments, we could lose benefits (such as reduced property taxes) or face liabilities including liability for the benefits we received under tax exempt bonds, tax credits or agreements related to property taxes. Our bonds may require us to obtain a guarantee from a financial institution of payment of the principal and interest on the bonds, such as a letter of credit, surety bond, guarantee agreement or other additional collateral. If the financial institution defaults on its guarantee obligations, or if we are unable to renew the applicable guarantee or otherwise post satisfactory collateral, a default will occur and the community could be foreclosed upon if we do not redeem the tax exempt bonds. Risks related to indebtedness. We have a Credit Facility and Commercial Paper Program with a syndicate of commercial banks as well as a Term Loan and secured and unsecured notes. Our organizational documents do not limit the amount or percentage of indebtedness that may be incurred. Accordingly, subject to compliance with outstanding debt covenants, we could incur more debt, resulting in an increased risk of default on our obligations and an increase in debt service requirements that could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. The mortgages on properties that are subject to secured debt, our Credit Facility, Term Loan, Commercial Paper Program and the indentures under which a substantial portion of our debt was issued contain customary restrictions, requirements and other limitations, as well as certain financial and operating covenants including maintenance of certain financial ratios. Maintaining compliance with these restrictions could limit our flexibility. A default in these requirements, if uncured, could result in a requirement that we repay indebtedness, which could materially adversely affect our liquidity and increase our financing costs. Refer to Item 7. "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" for further discussion. 11 Table of Contents A substantial portion of our debt is subject to prepayment penalties or premiums that we will be obligated to pay in the event that we elect to prepay the debt prior to the earlier of (i) its stated maturity or (ii) another stated date. If we elect to prepay a significant amount of outstanding debt, our prepayment penalties or payments under these provisions could materially adversely affect our results of operations. Failure to maintain our current credit ratings could adversely affect our cost of funds, related margins, liquidity and access to capital markets. There are two major debt rating agencies that routinely evaluate and rate our debt. Their ratings are based on a number of factors, which include their assessment of our financial strength, liquidity, capital structure, asset quality, amount of real estate under development, and sustainability of cash flow and earnings, among other factors. If market conditions change, we may not be able to maintain our current credit ratings, which could adversely affect our cost of funds and related margins, liquidity and access to capital markets. The form, timing and/or amount of dividend distributions in future periods may vary and be impacted by our revenue generation, other liquidity needs and economic and other considerations. The form, timing and/or amount of dividend distributions will be declared at the discretion of the Board of Directors and will depend on our rental revenue, actual cash from operations, our financial condition, capital requirements, the annual distribution requirements under the REIT provisions of the Code and other factors as the Board of Directors may consider relevant. The Board of Directors may modify our dividend policy from time to time. We may experience barriers to selling apartment communities that could limit financial flexibility. Difficulties in selling real estate at prices we find acceptable in a timely manner may limit our ability to quickly change or reduce the apartment communities in our portfolio in response to changes in economic, regulatory, or other conditions. Federal tax laws may also limit our ability to sell properties when desired. See "Risks related to our REIT or tax status or reliance on various tax regulations" section for more information on federal tax law risks. In addition, the capitalization rates/disposition yields at which apartment communities may be sold could also be higher than historic rates, thereby reducing our potential proceeds from sale. Increased scrutiny and changing expectations from regulators, investors, associates, residents and others regarding our environmental, social and governance practices and reporting, including those related to workplace inclusion and diversity (collectively, "Corporate Responsibility" or "CR"), could impact our business practices, cause us to incur additional costs and expose us to new risks. Corporate Responsibility practices and ratings are important to some investors and other stakeholders who may have differing and conflicting views as to their preferred approach to CR matters. Expectations regarding CR may impact our business practices and the price of our securities. Changing practices have in the past and may in the future include expanded mandatory and voluntary reporting, diligence, and disclosure on topics such as climate change, greenhouse gas emissions, human capital, inclusion and diversity, labor, and risk oversight, and these could expand the nature, scope, and complexity of matters that we are required to control, assess and report on, which may prove difficult, expensive and time consuming. In addition, the adoption of increased government regulations and changes in investor preference related to CR matters may result in changes to our business practices, including increasing expenses or capital expenditures. We have communicated certain initiatives regarding CR matters and we may in the future communicate revised or additional initiatives. If our initiatives are unsuccessful or we fail to satisfy the expectations of investors, residents, employees and other stakeholders, our reputation could be adversely affected. In recent years, corporate initiatives relating to environmental, social and governance matters, including workplace inclusion and diversity, have attracted negative commentary and regulatory attention in the broader business sector. Legislation, regulatory initiatives, litigation, legal opinions, federal executive orders and increased scrutiny related to CR matters could expose the Company to additional compliance obligations, costs, and potential liabilities. 12 Table of Contents Risks related to operations of our communities Laws, regulations and orders imposing rent control or rent stabilization, or limiting our rights as a landlord, could adversely affect our operations and revenue. A number of states and municipalities have implemented or are seeking to implement rent control or rent stabilization laws and regulations or take other actions that could limit or delay our ability to raise rents, use algorithmic pricing tools, charge fees, screen and evict tenants for of rent or other lease violations. For example, the State of California has statewide rent control for communities older than fifteen years, limiting rent increases to the lesser of 10% or 5% plus local CPI, the State of Washington has similar rules (limiting rent increases to the lesser of 10% or 7% plus local CPI for communities older than 12 years) and the State of New York has rules for and units that limit the way rent increases are calculated for renewal leases, basing increases solely on rent actually paid and eliminating the ability to increase the renewal rent to a higher "registered rent." Furthermore, in California the Governor has the ability to enact local or statewide states of emergency which limit our ability to increase new and renewal rents more than 10% over the rent in place on the date such state of emergency was declared, which has impacted some of our California communities. We have seen an increase in state and local governments in our markets implementing, considering or being urged by various constituencies to consider regulations of the types described above. Additionally, various federal agencies have engaged in efforts aimed at addressing pricing in the rental market. Current and future enactments of rent control or rent stabilization laws or other laws regulating rental housing may limit our ability to charge market rents, increase rents, use algorithmic pricing tools, charge fees, screen and evict tenants or recover increases in our operating expenses and could make it more difficult for us to dispose of properties in certain circumstances. Expenses associated with our investment in these communities, such as debt service, real estate taxes, insurance and maintenance costs, are generally not reduced when circumstances cause a reduction in rental income from the community. We face risks related to multifamily rental antitrust lawsuits and regulatory investigations and actions. Lawsuits, government investigations and proposed legislation relating to antitrust matters in the multifamily rental market are ongoing and may impact the Company, whether or not we are found directly liable for an antitrust violation. For example, a purported class action has been brought by private litigants against RealPage, Inc., a provider of revenue management systems, and numerous multifamily rental companies; while we were originally named as a defendant, the Company was voluntarily dismissed without prejudice from this case after explaining to plaintiffs’ counsel why the Company believed that these cases were without merit as they pertained to the Company. Subsequently, on November 1, 2023, the District of Columbia filed a lawsuit in the Superior Court of the District of Columbia against RealPage, Inc. and a number of owners and/or operators of multifamily housing in the District of Columbia, including the Company, alleging that the defendants violated the District of Columbia Antitrust Act by unlawfully agreeing to use RealPage, Inc. revenue management systems and sharing sensitive data (the “D.C. Antitrust Litigation”). Our motions to dismiss and for judgment on the pleading have been denied by the court. On January 15, 2025, the Office of the Attorney General of the State of Maryland filed a lawsuit similar to the D.C. Antitrust Litigation in the Circuit Court for Prince George’s County, Maryland in which RealPage, Inc. and a number of owners and/or operators of multifamily properties in Maryland, including the Company, have been named and alleged to have violated state antitrust law (the “Maryland Antitrust Litigation”). On February 28, 2025, the Company filed a motion to dismiss. On April 23, 2025, the Attorney General of the State of New Jersey and the New Jersey Division of Consumer Affairs filed a lawsuit similar to the D.C. Antitrust Litigation and the Maryland Antitrust Litigation in the U.S. District Court for the District of New Jersey. The lawsuit alleges that RealPage, Inc. and a number of owners and/or operators of multifamily properties in New Jersey, including the Company, violated federal and state antitrust laws and the state consumer fraud law (the “New Jersey Antitrust Litigation”) by unlawfully agreeing to use RealPage, Inc. revenue management systems and other related actions. On July 29, 2025, the Company filed a motion to dismiss. While the Company intends to vigorously defend against the D.C. Antitrust Litigation, the Maryland Antitrust Litigation and the New Jersey Antitrust Litigation, the Company is unable to predict the outcome or estimate the amount of loss, if any, that may result from the lawsuits. Other governmental investigations and lawsuits regarding antitrust matters in the multifamily industry are ongoing, including an antitrust lawsuit brought by the U.S. Department of Justice, along with the attorneys general of many states, against other multifamily rental providers to which the Company is not a party. Jurisdictions other than the District of Columbia, Maryland, New Jersey or additional federal agencies, may also bring suits against multifamily rental providers. Regardless of the outcome of the D.C. Antitrust Litigation, the Maryland Antitrust Litigation, the New Jersey Antitrust Litigation or any other lawsuits or governmental investigations, the Company may incur substantial costs related to these matters, whether as a defendant or as a witness. As well, settlements by RealPage, Inc. or other defendants in such cases could impact the multifamily industry in ways that have an adverse effect on the Company. In addition, state and federal legislation has been introduced, and in some jurisdictions adopted, to regulate the use by multifamily apartment rental companies of algorithmic revenue management systems. The impact on the Company is difficult to predict. Lawsuits, government investigations and new legislation related to antitrust matters may, among other 13 Table of Contents things, be costly to comply with, result in negative publicity, require significant management time and attention and subject us to remedies or burdensome requirements that adversely affect our business. Noncompliance with applicable laws in the building and operation of our communities could adversely affect our operations or expose us to liability. We must develop, construct and operate our communities in compliance with federal, state and local laws and regulations, some of which may conflict with one another or be subject to limited judicial or regulatory interpretations. These laws and regulations may include zoning laws, building codes, landlord/tenant laws and other laws generally applicable to business operations. Noncompliance with laws could expose us to liability. Lower revenue growth or significant unanticipated expenditures may result from our need to comply with changes in (i) laws imposing remediation requirements or other conditions, or (ii) other governmental rules and regulations or enforcement policies affecting the development, use and operation of our communities, including changes to building codes and fire and codes. leases expose us to the effects of declining market rents. Most of our residential leases are for a term of one year or less. Because these leases generally permit the residents to leave at the end of the lease term without penalty, our rental revenues are impacted by declines in market rents more quickly than if our leases were for longer terms. Competition could limit our ability to lease apartment homes or increase or maintain rents. Our apartment communities compete with other apartment operators as well as rental housing alternatives, such as homes for rent and short term furnished offerings such as those available from extended stay hotels or through online listing services. In addition, our residents and prospective residents also consider, as an alternative to renting, the purchase of a new or existing condominium or home. Competitive residential housing could adversely affect our ability to lease apartment homes and to increase or maintain rental rates. Unfavorable changes in market and economic conditions could adversely affect occupancy, rental rates, operating expenses, and the overall market value of our real estate assets. Local conditions in our regions significantly affect occupancy, rental rates and the operating performance of our communities, and may be adversely affected by the following risks: • corporate restructurings and/or layoffs, remote or hybrid work trends, and industry slowdowns; • an oversupply of, or a reduced demand for, apartment or other rental homes; • a decline in household formation or employment or lack of employment growth or slower wage growth; • the inability or unwillingness of residents to pay rent increases, including as a result of inflation, higher interest rates or broader pressures; and • economic conditions that could cause an increase in our operating expenses, such as increases in property taxes, utilities, compensation of associates and routine maintenance. Risks related to the impact of a pandemic, epidemic or other health crisis on multifamily rental housing. The national and global impacts of a health crisis, including a pandemic, epidemic or other public health emergency, may present material uncertainty and risk with respect to our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. State, local, and federal entities may impose restrictions, for varying times and to varying degrees, on our ability to enforce residents’ contractual lease obligations, and this may affect our ability to enforce all of our remedies (such as pursuing collections, imposing late fees and seeking evictions) for the failure to pay rent and may result in foregone revenue. Our properties could also incur significant costs or losses related to or orders, quarantines, infection, costs or other related factors, which may cause residents to move to locations other than our markets. Public health crises could also adversely affect labor availability, supply chains, and resident demand across our markets. Moreover, many of the risk factors set forth in this Form 10-K could be interpreted as heightened risks in the event of a pandemic, epidemic or other health crisis. Further, emergency orders or other governmental actions taken in response to a public health crisis may disrupt our development and construction activity which may increase our construction costs and we may not achieve, on the schedule we originally planned, the cash flows that we expect when we begin leasing a completed property. We may also delay the start of construction of additional development communities which, if constructed and leased as originally planned, would have been a source of future additional cash flow. Risks related to commercial leasing operations. Although we are primarily in the multifamily rental business, we also own and lease ancillary commercial space. Gross rental revenue provided by leased commercial space in our portfolio represented 1.3% of our total revenue in 2025. The long term nature of our commercial leases and characteristics of many of our tenants (small, local businesses) may subject us to certain risks. We may not be able to lease new space for rents that are consistent with our projections or at market rates. Also, when leases for our existing commercial space expire, the space may not be relet or the terms of reletting, including the cost of allowances and concessions to tenants, may be less favorable than the current lease terms. Our properties compete with other properties with commercial space. If our commercial tenants experience financial 14 Table of Contents distress or bankruptcy, they may fail to comply with their contractual obligations, seek concessions in order to continue operations or cease their operations, which could adversely impact our results of operations and financial condition. Inflation and related volatility in the economy could negatively impact our residents and our results of operations. Although it has declined from its 2022 peak, inflation has remained elevated in 2024 and 2025 compared to years, and may continue at the present level or increase. Inflation and its related impacts, including increased prices for services, goods, insurance, and property taxes, and higher interest rates and wages, and any resulting policy interventions by the U.S. government, could negatively impact our residents’ ability to pay rents or our results of operations. Most of our residential leases are for a term of one year or less, which we believe mitigates our exposure to inflation by permitting us to set rents commensurate with inflation (subject to rent regulations to the extent they apply and assuming our current or prospective residents will accept and can pay commensurate increased rents, of which there can be no assurance). However, inflation could outpace any increases in rent and adversely affect us. In addition, property taxes can be impacted by inflationary changes because taxes in some jurisdictions are regularly reassessed based on changes in the fair value of our properties. We may not be able to mitigate the effects of inflation and related impacts, and the duration and extent of any prolonged periods of inflation, and any related adverse effects on our results of operations and financial condition, are unknown at this time. Inflation may also cause increased volatility in financial markets, which could affect our ability to access the capital markets or impact the cost, timing, or terms at which we are able to do so. Inflation, either caused by tariffs imposed or threatened by the federal government or due to other causes, may also increase the costs to complete our development projects, including costs of materials, labor and services from contractors and suppliers. Higher construction costs could adversely impact our investments in real estate assets and our expected yields on development projects. Risks related to our REIT or tax status or reliance on various tax regulations Failure to qualify as a REIT would cause us to be taxed as a corporation, which would significantly reduce funds available for distribution to stockholders. If we fail to qualify as a REIT for federal income tax purposes, we will be subject to regular federal corporate income tax on our taxable income. In addition, unless we are entitled to relief under applicable statutory provisions, we would be ineligible to make an election for treatment as a REIT for the four taxable years following the year we lose our qualification. The additional tax liability resulting from the failure to qualify as a REIT would significantly reduce or eliminate the amount of funds available for distribution to our stockholders. Furthermore, we would no longer be required to make distributions to our stockholders. Thus, our failure to qualify as a REIT could also impair our ability to expand our business and raise capital and would adversely affect the value of our common stock. We believe that we are organized and qualified as a REIT, and we intend to operate in a manner that will allow us to continue to qualify as a REIT. However, we cannot assure you that we are qualified as a REIT, or that we will remain qualified in the future. This is because qualification as a REIT involves the application of highly technical and complex provisions of the Code for which there are only limited judicial and administrative interpretations and involves the determination of a variety of factual matters and circumstances not entirely within our control. Our qualification as a REIT depends on our satisfaction of certain asset, income, organizational, distribution, shareholder ownership and other requirements on a continuing basis. In addition, future legislation, new regulations, administrative interpretations or court decisions may significantly change the tax laws or the application of the tax laws with respect to qualification as a REIT for federal income tax purposes or the federal income tax consequences of such qualification. Additionally, our expanding range of investments (such as investments in mezzanine loans, preferred equity, and technology and environmentally focused venture funds and companies) may add additional REIT compliance challenges, some of which may involve determinations or circumstances that may be beyond our control. Even if we qualify as a REIT, we will be subject to certain federal, state and local taxes on our income and property and on taxable income that we do not distribute to our stockholders. In addition, we hold certain assets and engage in certain activities through our TRSs that a REIT could not engage in directly. We also use TRSs to hold certain assets that we believe would be subject to the 100% prohibited transaction tax if sold at a gain outside of a TRS or to engage in activities that generate REIT income. Our TRSs are subject to federal income tax as regular corporations. Legislative or other actions affecting REITs could have a negative effect on us or our stockholders. The rules dealing with federal income taxation are constantly under review by persons involved in the legislative process and by the Internal Revenue Service ("IRS") and the U.S. Department of the Treasury. Changes to the tax laws, with or without retroactive legislation, could adversely affect us or our stockholders. New legislation, Treasury Regulations, administrative interpretations or court decisions could significantly and negatively affect our ability to qualify as a REIT, the federal income tax consequences of such qualification, or the federal income tax consequences of an investment in our Company. Also, the law relating to the tax 15 Table of Contents treatment of other entities, or an investment in other entities, could change, making an investment in such other entities more attractive relative to an inv

[truncated]