Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 87 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 87 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 87 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosures 88 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 88 Item 9B. Other Information 88 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions That Prevent Inspections 88 Part III: Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 89 Item 11. Executive Compensation 89 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 89 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 89 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 89 Part IV. Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 90 Item 16. Annual Report on Form 10-K Summary 95 Signatures S- 1 Financial Table of Contents F- 1 Table of Content PART I. Item 1. Business. OVERVIEW The Mosaic Company is the world’s leading producer and marketer of concentrated phosphate and potash crop nutrients. Through our broad product offering, we are a single source supplier of phosphate- and crop nutrients and animal feed ingredients. We serve customers in approximately 40 countries. We are the second largest integrated phosphate producer in the world and one of the largest producers and marketers of animal feed ingredients in North America and Brazil. We are the leading fertilizer production and distribution company in Brazil. We mine phosphate rock in Florida, Brazil and Peru. We process rock into finished phosphate products at facilities in Florida, Louisiana and Brazil. We are typically one of the top four global potash producers in the world. We mine potash in Saskatchewan and New Mexico. We have other production, blending or distribution operations in Brazil, China, India and Paraguay. Our operations serve the top four countries in the world: China, India, U.S. and Brazil. The Mosaic Company is a Delaware corporation that was incorporated in March 2004 and serves as the parent company of the business that was formed through the October 2004 combination of IMC Global Inc. (“ IMC ”) and the fertilizer businesses of Cargill, Incorporated. We are publicly traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the ticker symbol “MOS” and are headquartered in Tampa, Florida. We conduct our business through wholly- and subsidiaries as well as businesses in which we own less than a majority or a interest. We are organized into three reportable business segments: Phosphate, Potash and Mosaic Fertilizantes. Intersegment eliminations, unrealized gains/losses on derivatives and investment in equity securities of Saudi Arabian Mining Company (“ Ma’aden ”), debt expenses and the results of the China and India distribution businesses and Mosaic Biosciences are included within Corporate, Eliminations and Other. The following charts show the respective contributions to 2025 sales volumes, net sales and gross margin for each of our business segments in effect at December 31, 2025: We account for approximately 10% of estimated global annual phosphate production. We also account for approximately 12% of estimated global annual potash production. Phosphate Segment – We sell crop nutrients and animal feed ingredients throughout North America and internationally. We account for approximately 72% of estimated North American annual production of concentrated phosphate crop nutrients. 1 Table of Content Potash Segment – We sell potash throughout North America and internationally, principally as fertilizer, but also for use in industrial applications and, to a lesser degree, as animal feed ingredients. We account for approximately 34% of estimated North American annual potash production. Mosaic Fertilizantes Segment – We produce and sell phosphate- and crop nutrients, and animal feed ingredients, in Brazil. In addition to five phosphate rock mines and four chemical plants in Brazil, this segment consists of sales offices, crop nutrient blending and bagging facilities, port terminals and warehouses in Brazil and Paraguay. The Mosaic Fertilizantes segment also serves as a distribution outlet for our Phosphate and Potash segments. We account for approximately 73% of estimated annual production of concentrated phosphate crop nutrients in Brazil. As used in this report: • “ Mosaic ” or “ Company ” means The Mosaic Company; • “ we , ” “ us ” and “ our ” refer to Mosaic and its direct and indirect subsidiaries, individually or in any combination; • “ Cargill ” means Cargill, Incorporated and its direct and indirect subsidiaries, individually or in any combination; • “ Cargill Crop Nutrition ” means the crop nutrient business we acquired from Cargill in the Combination; • “ Combination ” means the October 22, 2004 combination of IMC and Cargill Crop Nutrition; and statements as to our industry position reflect information from the most recent period available. Business Developments During 2025 • In October 2025, we completed the sale of our idled Patos de Minas phosphate mining unit in Brazil for $111 million, with $51 million paid at closing and the balance of the purchase price to be paid in installments over the next four years. The sale resulted in a gain of $94 million. • In November 2025, we completed the sale of our interest in the Taquari potash mine in Brazil for proceeds of up to $27 million, with $12 million received at closing. We recorded an impairment loss of approximately $66 million related to the sale. • In November 2025, we completed a $900 million public bond offering, consisting of $500 million aggregate principal amount of 4.350% senior notes due 2029 and $400 million aggregate principal amount of 4.600% senior notes due 2030. • In December 2025, we entered into an agreement to sell our Carlsbad, New Mexico potash mine for approximately $30 million. The transaction includes initial proceeds of $20 million at closing and deferred consideration of $10 million payable in three equal installments beginning in 2029. The sale is expected to be completed in the first half of 2026. As of December 31, 2025, the assets and liabilities are considered held for sale and we recorded an impairment loss of approximately $185.0 million. We have included additional information about these and other developments in our business during 2025 in our Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (“ Management’s Analysis ”) and in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. Throughout the discussion below, we measure units of production, sales and raw materials in metric tonnes, which are the equivalent of 2,205 pounds, or 1.102 tons (U.S. standard), unless we specifically state that we mean short or long ton(s), which are the equivalent of 2,000 pounds and 2,240 pounds, respectively. In addition, we measure natural gas, a raw material used in the production of our products, in MM BTU, which stands for one million British Thermal Units (“ BTU ”). One BTU is equivalent to 1.06 Joules. Information concerning our mining properties in this Annual Report on Form 10-K has been prepared in accordance with Subpart 1300 of Regulation S-K (“ S-K 1300 ”). S-K 1300 requires us to disclose our mineral resources, in addition to our mineral reserves, as of the end of our most recently completed fiscal year, both in the aggregate and for each of our individually material mining properties. We have four material properties: Belle Plaine, Esterhazy, Florida and Tapira. See Item 2. “Properties,” for further information regarding mineral reserves and resource and discussion of our material mining properties. This report includes market share and industry data and forecasts that we obtained from publicly available information and industry publications, surveys, market research, internal company surveys and consultant surveys. We believe these sources 2 Table of Content to be reliable, but there can be no assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of such information. We have not independently verified the data from sources, nor have we ascertained the underlying economic assumptions relied upon therein. Similarly, internal company surveys, industry forecasts and market research, which we believe to be reliable based upon management’s knowledge of the industry, have not been verified by any independent sources. BUSINESS SEGMENT INFORMATION The discussion below of our business segment operations should be read in conjunction with the following information that we have included in this report: • The risk factors discussed in this report in Part I, Item 1A, “Risk Factors”. • Our Management’s Analysis. • The financial statements and supplementary financial information in our Consolidated Financial Statements (“ Consolidated Financial Statements ”). This information is incorporated by reference into this section from Part II, Item 8, “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data”. Phosphate Segment Our Phosphate business segment owns and operates mines and production facilities in Florida which produce concentrated phosphate crop nutrients and animal feed ingredients, and processing plants in Louisiana which produce concentrated phosphate crop nutrients. We have a 75% economic interest in the Miski Mayo Phosphate Mine in Peru ( “ Miski Mayo Mine ” ), which is included in the results of our Phosphate segment. The following map shows the locations of each of our phosphate concentrates plants in the U.S. and each of our active, temporarily idled, and planned phosphate mine locations, including beneficiation plants, in Florida. The reserves associated with our Ona, Florida location have been allocated to other active mines based on our future mining plans: 3 Table of Content U.S. Phosphate Crop Nutrients and Animal Feed Ingredients Our U.S. Phosphate operations have capacity to produce approximately 4.5 million tonnes of phosphoric acid (“ P 2 O 5 ”) per year, or about 7% of world annual capacity and about 60% of North American annual capacity. P 2 O 5 is produced by reacting finely ground phosphate rock with sulfuric acid. P 2 O 5 is the key building block for the production of high analysis or concentrated phosphate crop nutrients and animal feed products and is the most comprehensive measure of phosphate capacity and production and a commonly used benchmark in our industry. Our U.S. P 2 O 5 production totaled approximately 2.9 million tonnes during 2025. Our U.S. operations account for approximately 6% of estimated global annual production and 55% of estimated North American annual output of P 2 O 5 . Our phosphate crop nutrient products are marketed worldwide to crop nutrient manufacturers, distributors, retailers and farmers. Our principal phosphate crop nutrient products are: • Diammonium Phosphate (18-46-0): Diammonium Phosphate (“ DAP ”) is the most widely used phosphate crop nutrient worldwide. DAP is produced by first combining phosphoric acid with anhydrous ammonia in a reaction vessel. This initial reaction creates a slurry that is then pumped into a granulation plant where it is reacted with additional ammonia to produce DAP. DAP is a solid granular product that is applied directly or blended with other solid plant nutrient products, such as urea and potash. • Monoammonium Phosphate (11-52-0): Monoammonium Phosphate (“ MAP ”) is the second most widely used phosphate crop nutrient. MAP is also produced by first combining phosphoric acid with anhydrous ammonia in a reaction vessel. The resulting slurry is then pumped into the granulation plant where it is reacted with additional P 2 O 5 to produce MAP. MAP is a solid granular product that is applied directly or blended with other solid plant nutrient products. 4 Table of Content • MicroEssentials ® is a ammoniated phosphate product that is enhanced through a patented process that creates very thin platelets of sulfur and other micronutrients, such as zinc, on the granulated product. The patented process incorporates both the sulfate and elemental forms of sulfur, providing availability to crops. Production of our animal feed ingredients products is located at our New Wales, Florida facility. We market our feed phosphate primarily under the leading brand names of Biofos ® and Nexfos ® . Annual capacity by plant as of December 31, 2025 and production volumes by plant for 2025 are listed below: (tonnes in millions) Phosphoric Acid Processed Phosphate (a) /DAP/MAP/ MicroEssentials ® /Feed Phosphate Operational Capacity (b) Operational Capacity (b) Facility Production (c) Production (c) Florida: Bartow 1.1 0.8 2.5 1.9 New Wales 1.7 1.0 4.0 2.1 Riverview 0.9 0.6 1.8 1.2 3.7 2.4 8.3 5.2 Louisiana: Faustina — — 1.6 1.1 Uncle Sam 0.8 0.5 — — 0.8 0.5 1.6 1.1 Total 4.5 2.9 9.9 6.3 ______________________________ (a) Our ability to produce processed phosphate has been less than our annual operational capacity stated in the table above, except to the extent we purchase P 2 O 5 . Factors affecting actual production are described in note (c) below. (b) Operational capacity is our estimated capacity based on an average amount of scheduled down time, including maintenance and scheduled turnaround time, and product mix, and no significant modifications to operating conditions, equipment or facilities. (c) Actual production varies from annual operational capacity shown in the above table due to factors that include, among others, the level of demand for our products, maintenance and turnaround time, accidents, mechanical failure, product mix, and other operating conditions. The P 2 O 5 produced at Uncle Sam is shipped to Faustina, where it is used to produce DAP, MAP and MicroEssentials ® . Our Faustina plant also manufactures ammonia that is mostly consumed in our concentrate plants. We produced approximately 6.3 million tonnes of concentrated phosphate crop nutrients during 2025 and accounted for approximately 72% of estimated North American annual production. Phosphate Rock Phosphate rock is the key mineral used to produce phosphate crop nutrients and feed phosphate. Our Florida phosphate rock mines produced approximately 9.5 million tonnes in 2025 and accounted for approximately 47% of estimated North American annual production. We are the world’s second largest miner of phosphate rock (excluding China) and currently operate four mines in North America with a combined annual capacity of 17.2 million tonnes. Additionally, we own 75% of the Miski Mayo Mine, which has an annual capacity of 4.8 million tonnes. Production of one tonne of DAP requires between 1.6 and 1.7 tonnes of phosphate rock. All of our phosphate mines and related mining operations in North America are located in central Florida. During 2025, we operated three active mines in Florida: Four Corners, South Fort Meade and Wingate. We plan to explore and develop the DeSoto property, the Pioneer property and the South Pasture property, which was previously idled, to offset future depletion at our Florida properties. We have a 75% economic interest in the Miski Mayo Mine, which allows us to supplement our other produced rock to meet our overall fertilizer production needs and is the primary source of rock for our Louisiana operations. We have the right to use or sell to third parties 75% of the Miski Mayo Mine’s annual production. 5 Table of Content See “Item 2. Properties” for a discussion of our phosphate mining properties, including processing methods, facilities, production and summaries of our mineral resources and reserves, both in the aggregate and for our individual material phosphate mining properties. Sulfur We use molten sulfur at our phosphate concentrates plants to produce sulfuric acid, primarily for use in our production of P 2 O 5 . We purchased approximately 2.9 million long tons of sulfur during 2025. We purchase the majority of this sulfur from North American oil and natural gas refiners who are required to remove or recover sulfur during the refining process. Production of one tonne of DAP requires approximately 0.40 long tons of sulfur. We procure our sulfur from multiple sources and receive it by truck, rail, barge and vessel, either directly at our phosphate plants or have it sent for gathering to terminals that are located on the U.S. gulf coast. In addition, we use formed sulfur received through Tampa, Florida ports, which are delivered by truck to our New Wales facility and melted through our sulfur melter. We own and operate sulfur terminals in Riverview and Tampa, Florida, along with Galveston, Texas and Faustina, Louisiana. We also lease terminal space in Beaumont, Texas. We have time charters on two tugs/barges and one vessel that transports molten sulfur from the Texas terminals to Tampa. We then further transport by truck to our Florida phosphate plants. Our sulfur logistic assets also include a large fleet of leased railcars that supplement our marine sulfur logistic system. Our Louisiana operations are served by truck from nearby refineries. Although sulfur is readily available from many different suppliers and can be transported to our phosphate facilities by a variety of means, sulfur is an important raw material used in our business that has in the past been, and may in the future, be the subject of volatile pricing and availability. Alternative transportation and terminaling facilities might not have sufficient capacity to fully serve all of our facilities in the event of a disruption to current transportation or terminaling facilities. Changes in the price of sulfur or disruptions to sulfur transportation or terminaling facilities could have a material impact on our business. We have included a discussion of sulfur prices in our Management’s Analysis. Ammonia We use ammonia together with P 2 O 5 to produce DAP, MAP and MicroEssentials ® . We consumed approximately 0.9 million tonnes of ammonia during 2025. Production of one tonne of DAP requires approximately 0.23 tonnes of ammonia. We purchase approximately of our ammonia from various suppliers in the spot market with the remaining either purchased through supply agreements or produced internally at our Faustina, Louisiana location. Our Florida ammonia needs are currently supplied under contracts with both domestic and offshore producers. Ammonia for our Florida plants is terminaled through owned ammonia facilities at the Port of Tampa and Port Sutton, Florida. Ammonia is transported by pipeline from the terminals to our production facilities. We have service agreements with the operators of the pipelines for Bartow, New Wales and Riverview, which provide service through June 30, 2026 with two year provisions unless either party objects. We have agreements with various suppliers to ensure we have reliable sources of supply for ammonia to support competitive pricing in various market conditions. These agreements covered approximately 497,000 tonnes of ammonia. We produce ammonia at Faustina, Louisiana primarily for our own consumption. Our annual capacity is approximately 510,000 tonnes. From time to time, we sell surplus ammonia to unrelated parties and/or may transport surplus ammonia to the Port of Tampa. In certain circumstances, we source ammonia from alternative sources to receive at Faustina. Although ammonia is readily available from many different suppliers and can be transported to our Phosphate facilities by a variety of means, ammonia is an important raw material used in our business that has in the past been, and may in the future be, the subject of volatile pricing. In addition, alternative transportation and terminaling facilities might not have sufficient capacity to fully serve all of our facilities in the event of a disruption to existing transportation or terminaling facilities. Changes in the price of ammonia or disruptions to ammonia transportation or terminaling could have a material impact on our business. We have included a discussion of ammonia prices in our Management’s Analysis. Natural Gas for Phosphate Natural gas is the primary raw material used to manufacture ammonia. At our Faustina facility, ammonia is manufactured on site. The majority of natural gas is purchased through firm delivery contracts based on published prices and is 6 Table of Content sourced from Texas and Louisiana via pipelines interconnected to the Henry Hub. We use swap and/or option contracts to forward price portions of future natural gas purchases. We typically purchase approximately 12.7 million MM BTU of natural gas per year for use in ammonia production at Faustina. Our ammonia requirements for our Florida operations are purchased rather than manufactured on site. Therefore, while we typically purchase approximately 3.0 million MM BTU of natural gas per year in Florida, it is only used as a thermal fuel for various phosphate production processes. Florida Land Holdings We are a significant landowner in the State of Florida, which has in the past been considered one of the fastest areas of population growth in the U.S. We have land holdings totaling over 368,000 acres. These land holdings give Mosaic access to phosphate rock reserves and exist as fee simple, mining agreements or mineral rights. Some of our land holdings are needed to operate our Phosphate business, while a portion of our land assets, such as certain reclaimed properties, are no longer required for our ongoing operations. As a general matter, more of our reclaimed property becomes available for uses other than for phosphate operations each year. Our real property assets are generally comprised of concentrates plants, port facilities, phosphate mines and other property which we have acquired through our presence in Florida. Our future land use strategy is to optimize the value of our land assets. Potash Segment We are one of the leading potash producers in the world. We mine and process potash in Canada and the U.S. and sell potash in North America and internationally. Our Potash business segment operates three mines in Canada, including two shaft mines and one solution mine, as well as one potash shaft mine in the U.S. The term “potash” applies generally to the common salts of potassium. Muriate of potash (“ MOP ”) is the primary source of potassium for the crop nutrient industry. Red MOP has traces of iron oxide. The granular and standard grade red MOP products are well suited for direct fertilizer application and bulk blending. White MOP has a higher percent potassium oxide (“ K 2 O ”). White MOP, besides being well suited for the agricultural market, is used in many industrial applications. We also produce a double sulfate of potash magnesia product, which we market under our brand name K-Mag ® , at our Carlsbad, New Mexico facility. The Carlsbad facility is classified as held for sale at December 31, 2025. Our potash products are marketed worldwide to crop nutrient manufacturers, distributors and retailers and are also used in the manufacturing of mixed crop nutrients and, to a lesser extent, in animal feed ingredients. We also sell potash to customers for industrial use. In addition, our potash products are used for and as a water softener regenerant. Mosaic leases approximately 291,500 acres of mineral rights from the government of Saskatchewan, and approximately 99,300 acres of freehold mineral rights in the Kronau/Regina area, which have not been developed. We pay Canadian resource taxes consisting of the Potash Production Tax and resource surcharge. The Potash Production Tax is a Saskatchewan provincial tax on potash production and consists of a base payment and a profits tax. We also pay a percentage of the value of resource sales from our Saskatchewan mines. In addition to the Canadian resource taxes, royalties are payable to the mineral owners in respect of potash reserves or production of potash. We have included a further discussion of the Canadian resource taxes and royalties in our Management’s Analysis. 7 Table of Content The map below shows the location of each of our potash properties in North America: Our North American potash annualized operational capacity totals 11.5 million tonnes of product per year and accounts for approximately 13% of world annual capacity and 38% of North American annual operational capacity. Production during 2025 totaled 8.8 million tonnes. We account for approximately 12% of estimated world annual production and 34% of estimated North American annual production. 8 Table of Content The following table shows, for each of our potash mines, annual capacity as of December 31, 2025 and finished product output for 2025: (tonnes in millions) Facility Annualized Proven Peaking Capacity (a)(c) Annual Operational Capacity (a)(b)(e) Finished Product (b) Canada Belle Plaine—MOP (d) 3.9 3.0 3.0 Colonsay—MOP (d)(f) 2.6 1.5 0.8 Esterhazy—MOP (d)(g) 6.3 6.3 4.7 Canadian Total 12.8 10.8 8.5 United States Carlsbad—K-Mag ®(h) 0.9 0.7 0.3 United States Total 0.9 0.7 0.3 Totals 13.7 11.5 8.8 ______________________________ (a) Finished product. (b) Actual production varies from annual operational capacity shown in the above table due to factors that include, among others, the level of demand for our products, maintenance and turnaround time, the quality of the reserves and the nature of the geologic formations we are mining at any particular time, accidents, mechanical failure, product mix and other operating conditions. (c) Represents full capacity assuming no turnaround or maintenance time. (d) The annualized proven peaking capacity shown above is the capacity currently used to determine our share of Canpotex, Limited (“ Canpotex ”) sales. Canpotex members’ respective shares of Canpotex sales are based upon the members’ respective proven peaking capacities for producing potash. When a Canpotex member expands an existing mine, the new capacity is added to that member’s proven peaking capacity based on either a 90-day production run at the maximum production levels or an engineering audit of the expansion performed by an independent engineering firm in accordance with approved protocols. The annual operational capacity of a mine reported in the table above can exceed the annualized proven peaking capacity until the proving run or engineering audit has been completed. Our entitlement percentage of Canpotex was 36.2%, however in 2025 the percentage was 35.9% as a result of production shortages. (e) Annual operational capacity is our estimated potash production capacity based on the quality of reserves and the nature of the geologic formations expected to be mined, milled and/or processed over the long term, average amount of scheduled down time, including maintenance and scheduled turnaround time, and product mix, and no significant modifications to operating conditions, equipment or facilities. Operational capacities will continue to be updated to the extent new production results impact ore grades assumptions. (f) Our Colonsay mine operates as a swing mine to meet market demands. We have the ability to reach an annual operating capacity of 2.1 million tonnes over time by increasing our staffing levels and investment in mine development activities. (g) Following completion of our Esterhazy K3 expansion project, a audit assessed our Esterhazy Facility’s nameplate capacity at 7.8 million tonnes. To date, we have been unable to rely upon this audit as a basis for an increase to our Canpotex entitlement percentage. (h) K-Mag ® is a specialty product that we produce at our Carlsbad facility. The Carlsbad facility is classified as held for sale at December 31, 2025. See Item 2. “Properties” for a discussion of our potash mining properties, including processing methods, facilities, production and summaries of our mineral resources and reserves, both in the aggregate and for our individual material potash mining properties. Natural Gas Natural gas is used at our Belle Plaine solution mine as a fuel to produce steam and to dry potash products. The steam is used to generate electricity and provide thermal energy to the evaporation, crystallization and solution mining processes. The Belle Plaine solution mine typically accounts for approximately 80% of our Potash segment’s total natural gas requirements for potash production. At our shaft mines, natural gas is used as a fuel to heat fresh air supplied to the shaft mines and for drying potash products. Combined natural gas usage for both the solution and shaft mines totaled 17.1 million MM BTU during 2025. We purchase our natural gas requirements on firm delivery index physical contracts and on physical contracts. Our Canadian operations purchase physical natural gas from companies in Alberta and 9 Table of Content Saskatchewan using AECO price indices references and transport the gas to our plants via the TransGas pipeline system. The U.S. potash operation in New Mexico purchases physical gas in the southwest respective regional market using the El Paso San Juan Basin market pricing reference. We use financial derivative contracts to manage the pricing on portions of our natural gas requirements. Mosaic Fertilizantes Segment Our Mosaic Fertilizantes segment owns and operates mines, chemical plants, crop nutrient blending and bagging facilities, port terminals and warehouses in Brazil and Paraguay, which produce and sell concentrated phosphate- and crop nutrients and animal feed ingredients. We also operated the Taquari potash mine in Brazil which we sold in November 2025. The following map shows the locations of our operations in Brazil and Paraguay: We are the largest producer and one of the largest distributors of blended crop nutrients for agricultural use in Brazil. We produce and sell phosphate- and crop nutrients, and animal feed ingredients through our operations. Our 10 Table of Content operations in Brazil include five phosphate mines and four chemical plants. We own and operate ten blending plants in Brazil and one blending plant and port in Paraguay. In 2025, we completed construction of a one million tonne distribution facility in northern Brazil in Palmeirante. In addition, we lease several other warehouses and blending units depending on sales and production levels. We also have a 62% ownership interest in Fospar, S.A. (“ Fospar ”). Fospar owns and operates an SSP (defined below) granulation plant, which produces approximately 0.5 million tonnes of SSP per year, and a port and throughput warehouse terminal facility in Paranagua, Brazil. The port facility at Paranagua handles approximately 3.2 million tonnes of imported crop nutrients. In 2025, Mosaic Fertilizantes sold approximately 9.0 million tonnes of crop nutrient products and accounted for approximately 17% of fertilizer shipments in Brazil. We have the capability to annually produce approximately 4.5 million tonnes of phosphate- and crop nutrients and animal feed ingredients. Crop nutrient products produced are marketed to crop nutrient manufacturers, distributors, retailers and farmers. In addition to producing crop nutrients, Mosaic Fertilizantes purchases phosphate, potash and nitrogen products which are either used to produce blended crop nutrients (“ Blends ”) or for resale. In 2025, Mosaic Fertilizantes purchased 1.0 million tonnes of products, primarily MicroEssentials ® , from our Phosphate segment, and 2.0 million tonnes of potash products from our Potash segment and Canpotex. Phosphate Crop Nutrients and Animal Feed Ingredients Our Brazilian phosphate operations have capacity to produce approximately 1.1 million tonnes of P 2 O 5 per year, or about 62% of Brazilian annual capacity. Phosphoric acid is produced by reacting ground phosphate rock with sulfuric acid. P 2 O 5 is the key building block for the production of high analysis or concentrated phosphate crop nutrients and animal feed products and is the most comprehensive measure of phosphate capacity and production and a commonly used benchmark in our industry. Our Brazilian phosphoric acid production totaled approximately 1.0 million tonnes in 2025 and accounted for approximately 86% of Brazilian annual output. Our principal phosphate crop nutrient products in Brazil are: • Monoammonium Phosphate (11-52-0) ( “ MAP ” ): MAP is a crop nutrient composed of two macronutrients, nitrogen and phosphoric acid. This slurry is added inside a rotary drum type granulator with ammonia to complete the neutralization reaction and produce MAP. • Triple superphosphate ( “ TSP ” ): TSP is a highly concentrated phosphate crop nutrient. TSP is produced from the phosphate rock reaction with phosphoric acid in a kuhlmann type reactor. The process for the production of TSP in Brazil is run of pile where the product undergoes a curing process of approximately seven days for later granulation. • Single superphosphate ( “ SSP ” ): SSP is a crop nutrient with a low concentration of phosphorus that is used in agriculture because of the sulfur content in its formulation. SSP is produced from mixing phosphate rock with sulfuric acid in a kuhlmann or malaxador type reactor. After the reaction, the product goes to the curing process and then feeds the granulation units. • Dicalcium phosphate ( “ DCP ” ): Dicalcium phosphate is produced by the reaction of desulphurized phosphoric acid with limestone. At Uberaba, it is produced from the reaction of concentrated phosphoric acid with limestone slurry. At Cajati, the phosphoric acid is diluted with dry limestone. The reaction of the DCP occurs in a kuhlmann or spinden type reactor. Our primary mines and chemical plants are located in the states of Minas Gerais, São Paulo and Goias. Production of our animal feed ingredients products is located at our Uberaba, Minas Gerais and Cajati, São Paulo facilities. We market our feed phosphate primarily under the brand name Foscálcio. 11 Table of Content Annual capacity and production volume by plant as of December 31, 2025 are listed below: (tonnes of ore in millions) Phosphoric Acid Processed Phosphate (a) (MAP/TSP/SSP/DCP/Feed) Facility Capacity (b) Production (c) Capacity (b) Production (c) Phosphate Uberaba 0.9 0.8 2.0 1.6 Cajati 0.2 0.2 0.5 0.4 Araxá — — 1.1 0.7 Catalão — — 0.4 0.4 Total 1.1 1.0 4.0 3.1 ______________________________ (a) Our ability to produce processed phosphate has been less than our annual operational capacity as stated in the table above, except to the extent we purchase phosphoric acid. Factors affecting actual production are described in note (c) below. (b) The annual production capacity was calculated using the hourly capacity, days stopped for annual maintenance and OEE (historical utilization factor and capacity factor). (c) Actual production varies from annual operational capacity shown in the table above due to factors that include, among others, the level of demand for our products, maintenance and turnaround time, accidents and mechanical failure. The phosphoric acid produced at Cajati is used to produce DCP. The phosphoric acid produced at Uberaba is used to produce MAP, TSP and DCP. We produced approximately 2.6 million tonnes of concentrated phosphate crop nutrients during 2025 which accounted for approximately 46% of estimated Brazilian annual production. Phosphate Rock Phosphate rock is the key mineral used to produce phosphate crop nutrients and animal feed product. Our phosphate rock production in Brazil totaled approximately 4.2 million tonnes in 2025, which accounted for approximately 71% of estimated Brazilian annual production. We are the largest producer of phosphate rock in Brazil and currently have an annual capacity of approximately 4.6 million tonnes. During 2025, we operated five properties; Araxá, Patrocínio and Tapira in the state of Minas Gerais; Catalão in the state of Goiás; and Cajati in the state of São Paulo. Production of one tonne of MAP requires 1.6 to 1.7 tonnes of phosphate rock. Production of one tonne of SSP requires between 0.6 to 0.7 tonnes of phosphate rock. Production of one tonne of TSP requires 1.4 tonnes of phosphate rock. See Item 2. “Properties” for a discussion of our Brazilian mining properties, including processing methods, facilities, production and summaries of our mineral resources and reserves, both in the aggregate and for our individually material Brazilian properties. We are required to pay royalties to mineral owners and resource taxes to the Brazilian government for phosphate and potash production. The resource taxes, known as Compensação Financeira pela Exploração de Recursos Minerais or CFEM , are regulated by the National Mining Agency. In 2025, we paid royalties and resource taxes of approximately $25.5 million. Sulfur We use molten sulfur at our phosphate concentrates plants to produce sulfuric acid, one of the key components used in the production of phosphoric acid. We consumed approximately 0.9 million long tons of sulfur for our own production during 2025. We purchase approximately 20% of the volume under annual supply agreements from oil and natural gas refiners, who are required to remove or recover sulfur during the refining process. The remaining 80% is purchased in the spot market. Sulfur is imported through the Tiplam port and transported by rail to the Uberaba plant and by truck to the Araxá and Cajati locations. Although sulfur is readily available from many different suppliers and can be transported to our phosphate facilities by a variety of means, sulfur is an important raw material used in our business that has in the past been, and could in the future be, 12 Table of Content subject to volatile pricing and availability. Alternative transportation and terminaling facilities might not have sufficient capacity to fully serve all of our facilities in the event of a disruption to current transportation or terminaling facilities. Changes in the price of sulfur or disruptions to sulfur transportation or terminaling facilities could have a material impact on our business. Ammonia We use ammonia, together with phosphoric acid, to produce MAP, and to a lesser extent for SSP production. We consumed approximately 103,390 tonnes of ammonia during 2025. Production of one tonne of MAP requires approximately 0.137 tonnes of ammonia. We purchase all of our ammonia under a supply agreement with two suppliers. Ammonia is imported through the Tiplam port and transported by truck to Uberaba, Araxá and Catalão. We own approximately 1% of the Tiplam terminal in Santos, São Paulo. Our ownership percentage, along with a contractual agreement, guarantee us unloading priority for ammonia and also provide us unloading capacity for rock, sulfur and crop nutrients. Although ammonia is readily available from many different suppliers and can be transported to our phosphate facilities by a variety of means, ammonia is an important raw material used in our business that has in the past been, and in the future could be, subject to volatile pricing. Alternative transportation and terminaling facilities might not have sufficient capacity to fully serve all of our facilities in the event of a disruption to existing transportation or terminaling facilities. Changes in the price of ammonia or disruptions to ammonia transportation or terminaling could have a material impact on our business. Land Holdings Mosaic Fertilizantes owns properties and the surface rights of certain rural lands comprising over 34,000 hectares (84,000 acres) in the States of São Paulo, Minas Gerais, Goiás, Paraná, Mato Grosso, Santa Catarina, Bahia and Sergipe, and has the right to mine additional properties which contain phosphate rock or potash reserves. Most of our land holdings are needed to operate our phosphate and potash production and fertilizer distribution businesses. A portion of our land assets may no longer be required for our current operations and may be leased to third parties, for agricultural or other purposes, or may be set aside for mineral or environmental conservation. Our real property assets are generally comprised of concentrates plants, port facilities and phosphate and potash mines, crop nutrient blending and bagging facilities and other properties which we have acquired through our presence in Brazil. India and China Distribution Businesses Our China and India distribution businesses market phosphate-, potash- and crop nutrients and provide other ancillary services to wholesalers, cooperatives, independent retailers and farmers in the regions. These operations provide our Phosphate and Potash segments access to key markets outside of North and South America and serve as a marketing agent for our Phosphate segment. In 2025, the India and China operations purchased 48,745 tonnes of products from our Phosphate segment, and 1,017,741 tonnes of potash products from our Potash segment and Canpotex. They also purchase phosphate, potash and nitrogen products from unrelated third parties, which we either use to produce blended crop nutrients or for resale. In China, we own two 300,000-tonne per year capacity blending plants. In 2025, we sold approximately 383,000 tonnes of Blends and distributed another 862,000 tonnes of phosphate and potash crop nutrients in China. In India, we have distribution facilities to import and sell crop nutrients. In 2025, we distributed approximately 189,000 tonnes of potash crop nutrient products in India. SALES AND DISTRIBUTION ACTIVITIES United States and Canada We have a U.S. and Canada sales and marketing team that serves our business segments. We sell to wholesale distributors, retail chains, cooperatives, independent retailers and national accounts. Customer service and the ability to effectively minimize the overall supply chain costs are key competitive factors in the crop nutrient and animal feed ingredients businesses. In addition to our production facilities, to service the needs of our customers, we own or have contractual throughput or other arrangements at strategically located distribution warehouses along or near 13 Table of Content the Mississippi and Ohio Rivers, as well as in other key agricultural regions of the U.S. and Canada. From these facilities, we distribute phosphate and potash products for customers who in turn resell the product into the distribution channel or directly to farmers in the U.S. and Canada. We own port facilities in Tampa, Florida which have deep water berth capabilities providing access to the Gulf Coast of the United States. We also own warehouse distribution facilities in: Rosemount, Minnesota; Pekin, Illinois; and Henderson, Kentucky. In addition to the facilities that we own, our U.S. distribution operations also include leased distribution space or contractual throughput agreements in other key geographical areas including California, Florida, Illinois, Indiana, Iowa, Kentucky, Louisiana, Minnesota, Missouri, Nebraska, North Dakota, Ohio, Oklahoma, Texas and Wisconsin. Our Canadian customers include independent dealers and national accounts. We also lease or own warehouse facilities in Saskatchewan, Ontario, Quebec and Manitoba in Canada. International Outside of the U.S. and Canada, we market our Phosphate segment’s products through our Mosaic Fertilizantes segment and our China and India distribution businesses, as well as a sales force focused on geographies outside of North America. The countries that account for the largest amount of our phosphates sales outside the U.S., by volume, are Canada, Brazil, Colombia, Australia and Argentina. Our sales of potash products outside of the U.S. and Canada are made through Canpotex. Canpotex sales are allocated among its members based on peaking capacity. Our entitlement percentage of Canpotex was 36.2%, however in 2025 the percentage was 35.9% as a result of production shortages. Our potash exports from Carlsbad are sold through our own sales force. We also market our Potash segment’s products through our Mosaic Fertilizantes segment and our China and India distribution businesses, which acquire potash primarily through Canpotex. The countries that account for the largest amount of international potash sales, by volume, are Brazil, China, Indonesia, India and Belgium. To service the needs of our customers, our Mosaic Fertilizantes segment includes a network of strategically located sales offices, crop nutrient blending and bagging facilities, port terminals and warehouse distribution facilities that we own and operate. The blending and bagging facilities primarily produce Blends from phosphate, potash and nitrogen. The average product mix in our Blends (by volume) contains approximately 21% nitrogen, 52% phosphate and 27% potash, although this mix differs based on seasonal and other factors. All of our production in Brazil is consumed within the country. Our India and China distribution businesses also includes a network of strategically located sales offices, crop nutrient blending and bagging facilities, port terminals and warehouse distribution facilities. These businesses serve primarily as a sales outlet for our North American phosphate production, both for resale and as an input for Blends. Our Potash segment also has historically furnished the majority of the raw materials needs for the production of Blends, primarily via Canpotex, and is expected to continue to do so in the future. Other Products With a strong brand position in a dollar animal feed ingredients global market, our Phosphate segment supplies animal feed ingredients for poultry and livestock to customers in North America, Latin America and Asia. Our potash sales to users are primarily to large industrial accounts and the animal feed industry. Additionally, in North America, we sell potash for and as a water softener regenerant. In Brazil, we also sell phosphogypsum. In 2023, we announced the formation of the Mosaic Biosciences platform, a global initiative to bring the latest science and innovation to the agricultural market. The Mosaic Biosciences portfolio includes biological fertilizer complements which improve nutrient use efficiency and enhance plant growth and vigor. The Mosaic Biosciences platform has grown through the acquisition of Plant Response in late 2021 and organically from the addition of new products. Our portfolio of products has been successful with customers and benefits greatly from our existing fertilizer distribution network to our customers. Mosaic Biosciences is included within our Mosaic Fertilizantes segment and Corporate, Eliminations and Other which includes Mosaic Biosciences sales in China, India and North America. 14 Table of Content COMPETITION Because crop nutrients are global commodities available from numerous sources, crop nutrition companies compete primarily on the basis of delivered price. Other competitive factors include product quality, cost and availability of raw materials, customer service, plant efficiency and availability of product. As a result, markets for our products are highly competitive. We compete with a broad range of domestic and international producers, including farmer cooperatives, subsidiaries of larger companies, and independent crop nutrient companies. Foreign competitors may have access to less expensive raw materials, may not have to comply with as stringent regulatory requirements or are owned or subsidized by governments and, as a result, may have cost advantages over North American companies. We believe that our extensive North American and international production and distribution system provides us with a competitive advantage by allowing us to achieve economies of scale, transportation and storage efficiencies, and obtain market intelligence. Also, we believe our performance products, such as MicroEssentials ® , provide us a competitive advantage with customers in North and South America. Unlike many of our competitors, we have our own distribution system to sell phosphate- and crop nutrients and animal feed ingredients, whether produced by us or by other third parties, around the globe. In North America, we have one of the largest and most strategically located distribution systems for crop nutrients, including warehouse facilities in key agricultural regions. We also have an extensive network of distribution facilities internationally, including in the key growth regions of South America and Asia, with port terminals, warehouses and blending plants in Brazil, Paraguay, China and India. Our global presence allows us to efficiently serve customers in approximately 40 countries. Phosphate Segment Our Phosphate segment operates in a highly competitive global market. Among the competitors in the global phosphate industry are domestic and foreign companies, as well as foreign producers in Asia and North Africa. Phosphate producers compete primarily based on price, as well as product quality, service and innovation. Major integrated producers of feed phosphate are located in the U.S., Europe and China. Many smaller producers are located in emerging markets around the world. Many of these smaller producers are not miners of phosphate rock or manufacturers of phosphoric acid and are required to purchase this material on the open market. We believe that we are a integrated producer of crop nutrients, due in part to our scale, vertical integration and strategic network of production and distribution facilities. As the world’s second largest producer of concentrated phosphate, as well as the second largest miner of phosphate rock in the world and the largest in the U.S., we maintain an advantage over some competitors as the scale of operations effectively reduces production costs per unit. We are also vertically integrated to captively supply one of our key inputs, phosphate rock, to our phosphate production facilities. We believe that our position as an integrated producer of phosphate rock provides us with a significant cost advantage over competitors that are phosphate producers. In addition, our ownership in the Miski Mayo Mine allows us to supplement our overall phosphate rock needs. We produce ammonia at our Faustina, Louisiana concentrates plant in quantities sufficient to meet approximately one third of our total ammonia needs in North America. We do not have ammonia production capacity within Florida to serve our Florida operations, but we have capacity to supply a portion of our requirements by transporting produced ammonia from Louisiana to Florida. We purchase additional ammonia from world markets and thus are subject to significant volatility in our purchase price of ammonia. Our ammonia supply agreements provide us with a supply of a substantial volume of ammonia at prices based on the price of natural gas. With our dedicated sulfur transportation barges and tugs, we are also to source an adequate, flexible and supply of sulfur, our third key input, to our Florida and Louisiana phosphate production facilities. We believe that our investments in sulfur logistical and melting assets continue to afford us a competitive advantage compared to other producers in cost and access to sulfur. With facilities in both central Florida and Louisiana, we are logistically well positioned to fulfill our material needs at very competitive prices. Those multiple production points also afford us the flexibility to optimally balance supply and demand. Potash Segment Potash is a commodity available from several geographical regions around the world and, consequently, the market is highly competitive. Through our participation in Canpotex, we compete outside of North America against various independent and potash producers. Canpotex has substantial expertise and logistical resources for the international distribution of 15 Table of Content potash, including strategically located export assets in Portland, Oregon, St. John, New Brunswick and Vancouver, British Columbia. Our principal methods of competition with respect to the sale of potash include product pricing and offering consistent, products and superior service. We believe that our potash cost structure is competitive in the industry and should improve as we continue to complete our potash expansion projects. Mosaic Fertilizantes The Mosaic Fertilizantes segment operates in a highly competitive market in Brazil. We compete with a broad range of domestic and international producers, including farmer cooperatives, subsidiaries of larger companies, and independent crop nutrient companies. We believe that having a vertically integrated business, internationally but also in Brazil, provides us with a competitive advantage by allowing us to achieve economies of scale, transportation and storage efficiencies, and obtain market intelligence. Mosaic Fertilizantes has a wide variety of customers including farmers, blenders and other local distributors. We compete with local businesses that offer a wide variety of products that are available from many sources. We believe the strategic location of our mines and chemical plants, in close proximity to our customers, and the benefit of our own distribution network, gives us an advantage over most of our competitors. The vertical integration of our production, along with our distribution network, as well as our focus on product innovation and customer solutions, position us with an advantage over many of our competitors. We have a strong brand in Brazil. In addition to having access to our own production, our distribution activities have the capability to supply a wide variety of crop nutrients to our dealer and farmer customer base. FACTORS AFFECTING DEMAND Our results of operations historically have reflected the effects of several external factors which are beyond our control and have in the past produced significant downward and upward swings in operating results. Revenues are highly dependent upon conditions in the agriculture industry and can be affected by, among other factors: crop conditions; changes in agricultural production practices; worldwide economic conditions, including the increasing world population, household incomes and demand for more food, particularly in developing regions such as China, India and Latin America; changing demand for biofuels; variability in commodity pricing; governmental policies; the level of inventories in the crop nutrient distribution channels; customer expectations regarding farmer economics, future crop nutrient prices and availability, and transportation costs, among other matters; market trends in raw material costs; market prices for crop nutrients; and weather. Furthermore, our crop nutrients business is seasonal to the extent farmers and agricultural enterprises in the markets in which we compete purchase more crop nutrient products during the spring and fall. The international scope of our business, spanning the northern and southern hemispheres, reduces to some extent the seasonal impact on our business. The degree of seasonality of our business can change significantly from year to year due to conditions in the agricultural industry and other factors. The seasonal nature of our businesses requires significant working capital for inventory in advance of the planting seasons. We sell products throughout the world. Unfavorable changes in trade protection laws, policies and measures, government policies and other regulatory requirements affecting trade, including the imposition of tariffs; unexpected changes in tax and trade treaties; and strengthening or weakening of foreign economies, as well as political relations with the U.S. may cause sales trends to customers in one or more foreign countries to differ from sales trends in the U.S. Our international operations are subject to risks from changes in foreign currencies, or government policy, which can affect local farmer economics. OTHER MATTERS Employees We had 13,249 employees as of December 31, 2025, consisting of approximately 9,914 salaried and 3,335 hourly employees. This includes approximately 719 salaried employees at the Miski Mayo Mine, of which we own 75% and its results are consolidated within our results of operations. 16 Table of Content Labor Relations As of December 31, 2025: • We had eight collective bargaining agreements with unions covering certain hourly employees in the U.S. and Canada. Of these employees, approximately 51% are covered under agreements that expire in 2026. All are expected to collectively bargain for new contracts in 2026. • We had agreements with 33 unions covering all employees in Brazil. More than one agreement may govern our relations with each of these unions. In general, the agreements are renewable on an annual basis. Failure to renew any of our union agreements could result in a strike or labor stoppage that could have a material adverse effect on our operations. However, we have not experienced a significant work stoppage in many years and historically have had good labor relations. Information Available on our Website Our Annual Report Form on 10-K (“ Form 10-K ” ) , Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q (“ Form 10-Q ”), Current Reports on Form 8-K (“ Form 8-K ”), and amendments thereto, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“ SEC ”) pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder are made available free of charge on our website (www.mosaicco.com) as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the SEC. These reports are also available on the SEC’s website (www.sec.gov). The information contained on our website and the SEC’s website is not being incorporated in this report. HUMAN CAPITAL Our employees are the foundation of our Company. Our 13,249 colleagues embody Mosaic’s core principles of responsibility, reliability and , and are the key to enabling us to execute our mission to help the world grow the food it needs. As of December 31, 2025, our regular employee base was made up of the following: Country Male Female Total Brazil 4,968 1,219 6,187 United States 3,375 646 4,021 Canada 1,690 315 2,005 Peru 649 70 719 China 121 61 182 India 70 7 77 Paraguay 35 17 52 Saudi Arabia 6 — 6 Total 10,914 2,335 13,249 Mosaic is committed to the wellbeing and development of our employees, whose collective experiences and perspectives drive innovation, operational excellence and sustained business value. As part of Mosaic’s strategic priorities, we are committed to a culture of safety, instilling a digital mindset, and collaborating globally to drive enterprise value. Employee Health and Safety –Safety is a top priority and we strive for zero harm to people and zero environmental incidents. Through the Mosaic Management System, we have established a structured approach to effectively manage and control risk for the safety and wellbeing of our colleagues, the environment and our stockholders. The management system defines processes that help support a safe work environment and establish a continuous improvement cycle to adjust for changing conditions and identified risks. 17 Table of Content Global Worker Wellness –Extending beyond safety, our wellness programs are designed to enhance the of our employees – and their families – in the areas of physical and psychological health, and financial security. These programs include health screenings, insurance plans, psychological health training and mental health resources, as well as our Environmental, Health and Safety ( “ EHS ” ) Risk Reduction Program, various trainings and flexible schedules. In 2025 we provided additional flexibility to our U.S. employees with regard to their health needs by adding an additional benefits plan option. Likewise, hospitalization insurance was added to the U.S. plans in 2025. Preventative health programs, including step challenges and wellness resources, are also available to employees. Development –Mosaic believes in continually investing in people and their lifelong learning. Mosaic holds training events throughout the year across all of our locations, invests in leadership competencies through facilitated learning opportunities and hosts an online education platform through Workday Learning, which all employees are encouraged to access for mandatory and education. Mosaic offers companywide educational reimbursement programs to help employees in each of our operating areas acquire new skills and capabilities to better meet their job responsibilities and provide for future career opportunities within the Company. Mosaic supports membership in numerous professional associations and encourages participation in external networking groups. • In 2025, Mosaic continued to invest in leadership development programs designed to equip employees with the knowledge and skills needed for the future of our business. These programs address the unique needs of emerging leaders, supervisors, managers and senior leaders through targeted development initiatives. Like any company, Mosaic experiences turnover and the need to replace talent related to retirement and succession. Mosaic seeks to minimize unwanted turnover through its talent review, succession management, performance management and compensation processes. We seek to build our talent pipeline through student programs by designing career paths that will enable our employees to grow and evolve their careers at Mosaic. Community –Mosaic is a thoughtful and engaged neighbor who invests carefully and generously through partnerships with organizations that are making a difference. We are proud to support organizations and initiatives that create growth and leave a lasting impact in our communities in three main focus areas: food, water and local community. In 2024, we invested $16.7 million. While the official 2025 investment data will be available in February 2026, preliminary data indicates continued strong support in these areas with investments of over $15 million. In addition to philanthropic grants and sponsorships of local programs, we also support and facilitate volunteerism by our employees. Similarly, we are active with local committees, boards and associations focused on contributing to the vitality of the people and communities around us. • 2025 was the fifth year of the Mosaic Employee Giving Program (the “ Program ”) that provides employees with flexibility to connect their personal causes to corporate giving, matching and volunteerism opportunities. The Program aligns to Mosaic’s strategic priorities and our 2025 Environmental, Social and Governance performance goals. Employees can take advantage of Company matching funds through financial contributions, volunteering on personal time, or both. In North America, this can be up to $2,000 annually per employee. Driving an Inclusive Culture –In 2025, Mosaic continued to make progress in creating a more engaged workforce through our Employee Inclusion Networks (“ EIN ”) which are open and available to all employees and by taking action to improve the workplace and employee experience based on insights learned through our 2024 Voice of the Employee survey. Ongoing awareness and education continue to be a cornerstone of Mosaic’s journey to build and promote a more inclusive culture. We continue to focus and expand our recruitment efforts to build awareness and interest in our industry and to attract and retain the best, qualified candidates from a broad variety of sources. Pay equity is fundamental to our compensation philosophy and our commitment to our employees. Mosaic annually evaluates pay equity and compensation practices to ensure fair and equitable treatment of employees based on our framework. In 2025, Mosaic engaged an external consultant to conduct our pay equity audit, bringing an independent view of our global pay equity. The results of our 2025 audit revealed .5% outliers, both men and women, who did not have adequate business justifications that will be addressed during our 2026 compensation cycle. Pay equity will continue to be audited every year with periodic external independent reviews to validate our internal observations. Further information on our human capital practices is available in our sustainability report. Information contained in our sustainability report, or on our website, is not incorporated by reference into, and does not constitute a part of, this Form 10-K. 18 Table of Content INFORMATION ABOUT OUR EXECUTIVE OFFICERS Information regarding our executive officers as of February 27, 2026 is set forth below: Name Age Position Philip E. Bauer 53 Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary Bruce M. Bodine Jr. 54 Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Walter F. Precourt III 61 Senior Vice President and Chief Administrative Officer Luciano Siani Pires 56 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Karen A. Swager 55 Executive Vice President - Operations Yijun (“Jenny”) Wang 58 Executive Vice President - Commercial Philip E. Bauer . Mr. Bauer was promoted to Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary in January 2023. Since joining Mosaic in 2007, Mr. Bauer has managed legal support for business development activities, potash operations, offshore finance, commercial transactions and corporate governance. Before assuming his current role, Mr. Bauer was the Vice President and Deputy General Counsel from October 2022 through December 2022 and immediately prior to that role he served as the Vice President - Growth and Development on Mosaic ’ s Strategy and Growth team from May 2019 to September 2022. Prior to Mosaic, he was a partner at an international law firm where he focused his practice on mergers and acquisitions, public and private securities offerings and public company compliance matters, as well as general business advising. Bruce M. Bodine Jr . Mr. Bodine was elected our Chief Executive Officer effective January 2024 and our President effective August 2023. He previously served as our Senior Vice President - North America from April 2020 to August 2023, and as our Senior Vice President - Phosphate from January 2019 to April 2020 during which time he also provided executive oversight for the corporate procurement organization. Prior to that, Mr. Bodine served as Senior Vice President - Potash (from June 2016 to December 31, 2018); as Vice President - Potash (from April to May 2016); as Vice President - Supply Chain (from August 2015 to March 2016); as Vice President - Operations Business Development (from October 2014 to August 2015); as Vice President - Operations for our Esterhazy and Colonsay potash production facilities (from July 2013 to October 2014); as the General Manager, Esterhazy (from September 2012 to June 2013); and as the General Manager, Four Corners (from March 2010 to August 2012). Before that, Mr. Bodine held various plant and mine development management positions in the Phosphate segment beginning with Mosaic’s formation in 2004. Walter F. Precourt III . Mr. Precourt was elected our Senior Vice President and Chief Administrative Officer in November 2023. In this role, Mr. Precourt has responsibility for the Company’s Human Resources, Public Affairs, Procurement and Shared Services teams. He had previously served as our Senior Vice President - Strategy and Growth since January 1, 2019. From June 2016 through March 2020 he also provided executive oversight for the EHS organization. He previously served as Senior Vice President - Phosphate and provided executive oversight for the corporate procurement organization from June 2016 until January 1, 2019, as Senior Vice President - Potash Operations from May 2012 to June 2016, and before that he led the Environment, Health and Safety ( “ EHS ” ) organization since joining Mosaic in 2009. Prior to joining Mosaic, Mr. Precourt was employed by cement and mineral component producer Holcim (U.S.) where he initially led its safety transformation and later became Vice President of Environment and Government Affairs. Mr. Precourt started his career at The Dow Chemical Company where he served in a variety of roles in Operations, Technology, Capital Project Management and Environmental, Health and Safety. Mr. Precourt served as a director and was the past Chairman of the Board of the Saskatchewan Potash Producers Association and was a director of Fertilizer Canada. Luciano Siani Pires. Mr. Siani Pires was elected as our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer in January 2025 and previously elected as our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer – Designate in November 2024. Mr. Siani Pires previously served on The Mosaic Company’s Board of Directors from 2018 to 2022. Prior to joining Mosaic, Mr. Siani Pires served as Executive Vice President of Strategy and Business Development, Chief Financial Officer and other strategic roles for Vale S.A., a global mining company. He also served as the chairman of the Board of Directors of VLI S.A., as a senior business development advisor for the Natural Resources Group of Accenture and was a consultant at McKinsey and Company and at various leadership roles in The Brazilian Development Bank in the areas of capital markets, export finance and infrastructure. He serves on the board of Vallourec Societe Anonime, has served as a member of the executive council of o9 solutions, as a member of the advisory board at Barbosa Mello, and as a board member of Suzano Papel e Celulose. 19 Table of Content Karen A. Swager . Ms. Swager was elected our Executive Vice President - Operations in November 2023. In this role, Ms. Swager is responsible for the Company’s operations, including the EHS organization and the North America Supply Chain organization. Ms. Swager had previously served as our Senior Vice President - Supply Chain, including executive oversite for the Procurement and corporate EHS teams, since April 1, 2020. From January 1, 2019 until her appointment as Senior Vice President - Supply Chain, she served as Senior Vice President - Potash. Previously, Ms. Swager held leadership positions at Mosaic, including Vice President - Minerals, Vice President - Mining Operations and General Manager in our Phosphate business. She also led the mine planning and strategy group for the Phosphate business. Ms. Swager serves as director of SSR Mining Inc., a publicly traded company. Yijun (“Jenny”) Wang . Ms. Wang was elected Executive Vice President - Commercial in January 2024 after serving as the Company’s Senior Vice President - Global Strategic Marketing since May 2023. From January 2022 until May 2023, Ms. Wang served as our Senior Vice President - Global Strategic Marketing, Head of China and India. From October 15, 2020 until her current appointment, Ms. Wang served as Vice President - Global Strategic Marketing. Prior to October 2020, Ms. Wang served as Vice President - Global Product Management and International Distribution and before May 2019, Ms. Wang served as Country Head for China. Ms. Wang serves on the Board of Directors of Canpotex Limited, the Canadian potash marketing association. Our executive officers are generally elected to serve until their respective successors are elected and qualified or until their earlier death, resignation or removal. No “family relationships,” as that term is defined in Item 401(d) of Regulation S-K, exist among any of the listed officers or between any such officer and any member of our Board of Directors. Item 1A. Risk Factors . Our business, financial condition or results of operations could be materially adversely affected by any of the risks and uncertainties described below. Operational Risks Our operating results are highly dependent upon and fluctuate based upon business, economic and other conditions and governmental policies affecting the agricultural industry in which we or our customers operate. These factors are outside of our control and may significantly affect our profitability. The most important factors are: • weather and field conditions (particularly during periods of traditionally high crop nutrients application); • quantities of crop nutrients imported and exported; • current and projected inventories and prices, which are heavily influenced by U.S. exports and markets; and • governmental policies, including farm and biofuel policies, which may directly or indirectly influence the number of acres planted, the level of inventories, the mix of crops planted or crop prices or otherwise negatively affect our operating results. International market conditions and the effects of countervailing duty orders, which are also outside of our control, may also significantly influence our operating results. The international market for crop nutrients is influenced by such factors as the relative value of the U.S. dollar and its impact upon the cost of importing crop nutrients, foreign agricultural policies, including subsidy policies, the existence of, or changes in, import or foreign currency exchange barriers in certain foreign markets, changes in the hard currency demands of certain countries and other regulatory policies of foreign governments, as well as the laws and policies of the U.S. affecting foreign trade and investment, including use of tariffs. In 2021, the U.S. Department of Commerce (“ DOC ”) issued countervailing duty (“ CVD ”) orders on imports of phosphate fertilizers from Morocco and Russia, in response to petitions filed by Mosaic. The orders were based on DOC’s determination that the imports were unfairly subsidized, and the U.S. International Trade Commission’s (“ ITC ”) determination that the imports materially injured the U.S. phosphate fertilizer industry. The purpose of the CVD orders was to remedy the injury and thereby restore fair competition. CVD orders normally stay in place for at least five years, with possible extensions. Moroccan and Russian producers initiated federal court actions seeking to overturn the orders. Mosaic also made claims contesting certain aspects of DOC’s final determinations that, we believe, failed to capture the full extent of Moroccan and Russian subsidies. These litigation challenges remain underway as further described in Item 3 of this Form 10-K. 20 Table of Content The applicable final CVD assessment rates and cash deposit rates for imports of phosphate fertilizer from Morocco and Russia could change as a result of these various proceedings and potential associated appeals, whether in federal courts or at the World Trade Organization. A reversal of, or change in, the ITC’s or DOC’s prior determination in the CVD investigations could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition or operating results. U.S. tariffs on Canadian potash and retaliatory tariffs could materially adversely affect our business operations and financial condition. In February 2025, the U.S. imposed a 25% tariff on most imports from Canada, including potash crop nutrients. This tariff went into effect on March 4, 2025, but beginning March 7, 2025, the U.S. exempted from this tariff goods that qualify as wholly originating in Canada under the United States‑Mexico‑Canada Agreement, including potash from Mosaic’s Canadian operations. The U.S. continues to assess the imposition of tariffs on Canadian potash. There is a risk that such tariffs may be imposed and sustained for an extended period. If tariffs are reintroduced, they could significantly increase the cost of importing potash from Canada. Higher potash prices may lead to reduced usage by U.S. farmers and negatively impact demand. Additionally, retaliatory tariffs imposed by Canada on U.S. exports could further exacerbate these challenges. The prolonged imposition of these tariffs could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Unfavorable worldwide economic and market conditions could adversely affect our business, financial condition or operating results. Economic and market conditions, including inflation, supply chain challenges, high interest rates and foreign exchange volatility, have and may continue to have an impact on our business. Our production costs have increased due to higher prices for raw materials, including purchased nitrogen, sulfur and ammonia, as well as supply chain challenges, including increased costs and delays caused by transportation and labor shortages. These adverse economic events have adversely affected, and may continue to adversely affect, our operating results. Our crop nutrient business is seasonal and varies based on application rates, which may result in carrying significant amounts of inventory and seasonal variations in working capital, and our inability to predict future seasonal crop nutrient demand accurately may result in excess inventory or product shortages. The use of crop nutrients is seasonal and varies based on application rates. Farmers tend to apply crop nutrients during two short application periods, the strongest one in the spring, before planting, and the other in the fall, after harvest. As a result, the strongest demand for our products typically occurs during the spring planting season, with a second period of strong demand following the fall harvest. In contrast, we generally produce our products throughout the year. As a result, we and our customers generally build inventories during the low demand periods of the year in order to provide timely product availability during the peak sales seasons. The seasonality of crop nutrient demand results in our sales volumes and net sales typically being the highest during the North American spring season and our working capital requirements typically being the highest just prior to the start of the spring season. Our quarterly financial results can vary significantly from one year to the next due to shifts in planting schedules and purchasing patterns. If seasonal demand exceeds our projections, we will not have enough product, which would limit our profitability. If seasonal demand is less than we expect, we will have excess inventory and higher working capital and liquidity requirements. The degree of seasonality of our business can change significantly from year to year due to conditions in the agricultural industry and other factors. Changes in transportation costs can affect our sales volumes and selling prices. Delivery costs are a significant factor in the total cost to customers. As a result, changes in transportation costs, or in customer expectations about them, may adversely affect our sales volumes and prices. A disruption at our production, distribution or terminaling facilities could have a material adverse impact on our business. The risk of material disruption increases when demand for our products results in high operating rates at our facilities. We conduct our operations through a limited number of key production, distribution and terminaling facilities. These facilities include our phosphate mines and concentrates plants; our potash mines; and the ports and other distribution facilities through which we, Canpotex and the other joint ventures in which we participate, conduct our respective businesses, as well 21 Table of Content as other commercial arrangements with third parties. Any disruption of operations at any of these facilities may significantly negatively affect our production or our ability to distribute our products. Examples of the types of events that could result, and have, in the past, resulted, in a disruption at these facilities include: adverse weather; strikes or other work stoppages; civil unrest; deliberate, malicious acts, including acts of terrorism and armed conflict; political or economic instability; cyberattacks; changes in permitting, financial assurance or certain environmental, health and safety laws or other changes in the regulatory environment in which we operate; legal and regulatory proceedings; our relationships with the other member of Canpotex and the other 

[truncated]