Vistry to deliver 2,300 homes in Rugeley Vistry Group PLC 14 August 2025 14 August 2025 Vistry Group PLC Vistry to deliver 2,300 homes in Rugeley, Staffordshire Vistry Group PLC ("the Group"), has acquired the 139-hectare site of the former Rugeley Power Station from ENGIE. The brownfield site, which has undergone extensive remediation and holds outline planning permission for 2,300 homes, will be transformed into a vibrant new neighbourhood. The development will include an all-through school, riverside park, commercial space, and homes across a range of tenures including affordable, PRS, and open market sale. Greg Fitzgerald, Chief Executive of Vistry Group, said: "This major acquisition perfectly plays to the strengths of the Group - regenerating a large brownfield site into thousands of high-quality, mixed tenure homes, whilst using our placemaking skills to create a thriving new neighbourhood." For further information please contact: Vistry Group PLC Tim Lawlor, Chief Financial Officer Susie Bell, Group Investor Relations Director FTI Consulting Richard Mountain / Susanne Yule 07469 287335 020 3727 1340 About Vistry Group Vistry Group is the UK's leading provider of affordable mixed tenure homes. Our purpose as a responsible developer is to work in partnership to deliver sustainable homes, communities and social value, leaving a lasting legacy of places people love. We are a young and dynamic business with a Partnerships-led approach, delivered under our Countryside Partnerships brand, and an exciting timber-frame manufacturing operation called Vistry Works, running three factories and supporting our drive towards net zero carbon. Delivering thousands of homes every year for the affordable and private marketplaces, Vistry Group also has an unmatched portfolio of retail brands, each with a rich history and strong reputation: Linden Homes, Bovis Homes and Countryside Homes. We are a multi award-winning housebuilder and the Group has again been awarded the 5 Star Rating by the Home Builders Federation following the latest industry's Customer Satisfaction Survey. For more information go to www.vistrygroup.co.uk This information is provided by Reach, the non-regulatory press release distribution service of RNS, part of the London Stock Exchange. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Vistry Group (VTY) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 day ago Bango 1 day ago Sequoia Economic Infrastructure Income Fund Limited 1 day ago Staffline Group 1 day ago PureTech Health 1 day ago Vesuvius All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and