BETA Close X Vistry Group PLC has appointed Adam Daniels as Chief Executive Officer and Executive Director with immediate effect, following a multi-year succession process. Daniels, currently Executive Chair of a major division, brings extensive experience in UK partnerships, affordable housing, and housebuilding, with a strong track record in operational delivery and capital discipline. This leadership change occurs as the Group prioritizes improving cash generation, driving open market sales, and reducing inventory levels throughout 2026. Greg Fitzgerald is stepping down as Executive Chair and CEO, with Rob Woodward assuming the role of Chair. Disclaimer* Vistry Group PLC 13 April 2026 THIS ANNOUNCEMENT CONTAINS INSIDE INFORMATION FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE 13 April 2026 Vistry Group PLC Appointment of Chief Executive Officer Vistry Group PLC ("Vistry", the "Group" or the "Company") is pleased to announce the appointment of Adam Daniels as Chief Executive Officer and Executive Director with immediate effect. Adam is currently the Executive Chair of one of Vistry's two largest operating divisions and a member of the Group's Executive Leadership Team. Adam brings significant experience in the UK partnerships, affordable housing and housebuilding sectors, with a strong track record in operational delivery, capital discipline, land management and customer outcomes. He has strong working relationships with some of the largest Local Authorities and Housing Associations nationwide. Adam joined Countryside Partnerships in 2016, helping to establish new regions and grow the business, taking on his first senior leadership role in 2019. Since then, Adam has undertaken a variety of leadership roles with responsibility for large areas of the Vistry business across the country. Prior to Countryside, Adam worked at Galliford Try Partnerships and Bloor Homes. The appointment follows the conclusion of a thorough multi-year CEO succession and development process led by the Nomination Committee, supported by external advisers, which considered both internal and external candidates. Rob Woodward, Non-Executive Chair of Vistry said: "I am delighted to confirm the appointment of Adam Daniels as CEO of Vistry. Adam is a proven leader, clear thinker and strong operator. I am looking forward to working closely with Adam, our CFO Tim Lawlor, and the rest of the Executive Leadership Team to ensure we maximise the strengths and opportunities of the Group's mixed-tenure Partnerships model. The Board is confident that Adam's collaborative, values-led approach will leverage Vistry's unique partnerships capabilities, resources and highly talented people to deliver on the Group's clear potential and create long-term value for all stakeholders." Adam Daniels, Vistry's incoming CEO said: "I have been privileged to lead many parts of the organisation, and I am now honoured to be appointed CEO. I see first-hand the pride and passion that our people bring in delivering the high quality, mixed-tenure homes this country so badly needs. "As outlined at the time of our 2025 results last month, the Group is currently focused on improving cash generation, driving Open Market sales and reducing inventory levels. These objectives remain an absolute priority for Tim and I during 2026 to ensure the business is well positioned to capture the opportunities ahead. "Vistry is a great business, with an unrivalled position in leading the industry in the delivery of Affordable Housing, and a strong track record of delivery in the homebuilding sector. We have a unique Partnerships model, strong relationships with our partners, and the benefits of our approach will be central to realising our clear potential and creating long-term value." Adam Daniels will succeed Greg Fitzgerald who by mutual agreement is stepping down as Executive Chair and CEO and as a Board Director with immediate effect. Rob Woodward will take up his role as Chair and Rowan Baker her role as Senior Independent Director with immediate effect. Greg will remain available to assist with all transition arrangements and provide any advice as required. As the Company's AGM Notice has already been issued, the Company confirms that the resolution to re-elect Greg Fitzgerald as a Director of the Company (resolution number 5) is now withdrawn. The withdrawal of resolution number 5 does not otherwise affect the validity of the Notice of Meeting, the proxy form or any proxy votes already submitted on other proposed resolutions. The numbering of all other proposed resolutions at the AGM will remain unchanged. There are no further matters to be disclosed under LR 6.4.8R. For further information please contact: Vistry Group PLC Tim Lawlor, Chief Financial Officer Kate Moy, Group Investor Relations Director FTI Consulting Richard Mountain 020 3048 3393 020 3727 1340 Vistry Group PLC's legal entity identifier is 2138001KOWN7CG9SLK53. This announcement contains inside information for the purposes of Article 7 of the Market Abuse Regulation. The person responsible for arranging the release of this announcement on behalf of Vistry is Clare Bates, Chief People Officer & General Counsel. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Vistry Group (VTY) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 31 minutes ago Roadside Real Estate 1 hour ago Taseko Mines Limited NPV (DI) 1 hour ago Taseko Mines Limited NPV (DI) 1 hour ago Xeros Technology Group 1 hour ago Plus500 Ltd (DI) All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and