Disclaimer* Vistry Group PLC 24 September 2026 THIS ANNOUNCEMENT CONTAINS INSIDE INFORMATION FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE 24 September 2026 Vistry Group PLC Half year results for the period ended 30 June 2026 Strengthening the platform: Repositioning Vistry for Sustainable Success Adam Daniels, Chief Executive commented: “Since taking over as Chief Executive in April, we have made substantial progress in re-focusing the business and delivering on our immediate priority to improve cash generation. In parallel, we have now completed an extensive review of our business and operating model including how best to position the Group for future success, the conclusions of which we are communicating today alongside our half year results. The review confirms that Vistry has strong fundamentals: a differentiated mixed-tenure model, deep partner relationships, a quality product, exposure to structurally attractive affordable and partner-backed housing markets and highly motivated people. Whilst the challenges we have experienced in the last couple of years have been exacerbated by market headwinds, the review has also made clear that our execution, regional discipline and capital allocation have not been consistent enough. These issues can be fixed, and we are taking the necessary steps to ensure the strong performance we have seen across many of our sites is replicated across the Group as a whole. Achieving this has necessitated an urgent focus on increasing operational control, releasing cash, reducing complexity and establishing a base from which we can deliver more consistently. We are committed to entering 2027 on the right footing and following the actions taken, do not anticipate any need to raise equity. I am pleased to say that we expect to announce the appointment of a high-quality new CFO imminently who will support me with the delivery of our strategy. We are repositioning Vistry as a specialist mixed-tenure housebuilder that will deliver consistent, cash-backed growth in earnings alongside highly attractive returns on capital. To achieve this the Group will need to be smaller, more focused geographically and with increased discipline and control in operational delivery and allocation of capital. Managed realisation of value from our asset base will support further de-leveraging, ensuring the Group has a robust platform from which to operate. I am confident Vistry will continue to be the UK’s leading specialist mixed-tenure housebuilder, delivering high-quality Open Market, Affordable and Private Rented Sector homes where they are needed most. This is the right model for Vistry and one which gives it the potential to thrive, benefitting from structural demand for affordable and mixed-tenure housing. Our product and differentiated offering continue to be valued by customers and partners, reinforcing our leadership in the sector. We are pleased that the recent announcement of the first wave of the Social and Affordable Housing Programme (2026-2036) has given confirmation of future funding totalling £9.58bn to 33 Strategic Partners, 29 of which we currently work with. Vistry was named as a Strategic Partner and secured a significant direct grant award of £350m, the largest award given in this phase. This is significantly in excess of the first award received under the previous programme and will enable us to directly deliver over 3,000 affordable homes. The process of building these homes has already started. The CEO Review has provided strategic clarity with a deliverable plan and clear commitments across capital, operations and culture. This gives me great confidence that we can return Vistry to a business that consistently creates value for shareholders and delivers exceptional outcomes for all stakeholders.” £m unless otherwise stated H1 26 H1 25 Change Adjusted basis [1] Total completions (units) 6,304 6,889 -8% Revenue [2] 1,703.3 1,869.1 -9% Operating (loss)/profit (36.2) 124.4 -129% Operating margin (2.1)% 6.7% -880bps (Loss)/profit before tax (83.3) 80.6 -203% Basic (loss)/earnings per share (18.8)p 17.6p -207% Return on capital employed (2.7)% 9.6% -1230bps Reported basis Revenue 1,418.2 1,635.6 Operating (loss)/profit (624.2) 58.1 (Loss)/profit before tax (661.3) 40.9 Basic (loss)/earnings per share (190.5)p 9.5p Net debt 468.8 293.1 Results highlights Group delivered an adjusted loss before tax of £83.3m (H1 25: £80.6m profit), reflecting both discounting of Open Market stock to generate cash and approximately £50m in relation to the early impacts of the CEO review process Reported loss before tax was £661.3m (H1 25: £40.9m profit), reflecting, in addition to the above, exceptional items including a £475.0m impairment of goodwill and an additional £73.2m building safety provision Total completions of 6,304 (H1 25: 6,889) units, 8% down on the prior year, reflecting the expected lower level of partner demand in the first half, with Group adjusted revenues of £1,703.3m (H1 25: £1,869.1m), down 9% on prior year Net debt as at 30 June 2026 of £468.8m (30 June 2025: £293.1m) was higher than the prior year primarily due to a deterioration in trading and net investment in infrastructure within WIP CEO Review highlights The CEO Review confirms that Vistry’s mixed-tenure strategy is the right one, but that the Group must operate with greater focus, discipline and control. The business will therefore be resized, simplified and repositioned to deliver lower leverage, stronger cash conversion and more sustainable returns Operational Transition to a smaller, more focused business targeting approximately 12,000 completions per annum over the medium term Target tenure mix of approximately 60% Partner Funded and 40% Open Market Greater focus on regions and site profiles where the mixed-tenure model performs best, with increased exposure to the North, Midlands and West South East operations to move to a fully pre-sold model to eliminate Open Market exposure. It is expected that schemes being delivered through joint ventures will continue to sell into the Open Market while the sites complete Consolidation from 25 regions to 12 larger operating regions to focus responsibility on highest performing teams, reflect lower volume targets and to obtain cost efficiencies Simplification of product range, brands and operating processes to improve consistency and standardisation Owned land bank will be reshaped and reduced (from 51k to 36k plots) with a more selective approach to new land acquisition; increased discipline around capital allocation; and a sustainable management of margins. Target three years owned land and at least 18 months controlled in land bank Operational delivery to be improved through consistent adherence to the mixed-tenure model across regions, rationalised house types and the “Golden Rules” which will guide capital investment and allocation Financial Overhead cost savings of £50m p.a. have been identified as a result of fewer regions, flatter structures and lower volumes, in addition to the £25m p.a. previously identified from the Voluntary Exit Scheme and recruitment freeze. These run-rate savings are expected to be achieved within the next two years, with the combined cost associated with these actions in FY26 anticipated to be c. £40m Tightening of up-front controls, monitoring and accountabilities to reduce risk and protect downside The Group will operate with a significantly reduced balance sheet; targeting average daily net debt reduction to c. £500m in FY27 and below £400m in FY28 Five-year targets Target ROCE of more than 30% and 12% operating margin by FY31 Capital employed expected to reduce to approximately £1.5bn Average daily net debt targeted to reduce to c. £300m by FY29, stabilising thereafter Shareholder distributions to be reconsidered once sufficient progress has been made on deleveraging and capital reduction objectives Current trading and outlook The Group has refined its forward order book definition to comprise only exchanged or otherwise legally contracted orders and to exclude contracts which have progressed to agreed terms but not yet exchanged and future contracts on existing sites where formal exchange has not yet taken place. On this revised basis, the Group’s forward order book totals £3.3bn (September 25: £3.7bn) with the Group 91% forward sold for FY26. Of this 90% of the Partner Funded sales are secured Open Market conditions became more challenging over the summer months, reflecting lower customer confidence, affordability constraints and broader macroeconomic uncertainty, resulting in our Open Market sales rate slowing over the period to 0.3 reservations per outlet per week The first wave of Social and Affordable Housing Programme (2026 – 2036) (“SAHP”) funding allocations, both to our partners and directly to Vistry, supports our expected deal flow through the remainder of the second half The Group’s H2 performance will therefore benefit from a higher weighting of Partner Funded and Open Market volumes and improved margins from a richer mix of higher margin sites Furthermore, as noted in July, H2 will see the conclusion of certain transactions delayed from H1, profit driven from land sales as we start to reshape the land bank, lower overheads and there will be a reduction in profit headwinds in H2 related to our cash generation actions The Group’s focus on cash performance, including the management of work in progress, is expected to result in a broadly neutral cash position as at 31 December 2026, lower than previous guidance due to selective withdrawals or renegotiation of proposed partner deals in light of our revised contracting criteria and disappointing summer sales of private homes We are in the process of finalising the classification and quantification of items related to the exit from the South East of England, changing site strategies in the land bank and other strategic actions. We anticipate that the impact of these items in full year will be around £470m. In addition, there has been a £40m downward revision of year-end profit to reflect partner deals that, following the CEO Review, are no longer targeted for this year to allow time for renegotiation to meet our revised criteria Excluding the items above, we would expect APBT to be in the region of £165m Our banking group has demonstrated their support for the Group by providing waivers for the interest cover covenants for FY26 and HY27 that were subject to impact from the sizeable charges being taken in connection with the CEO Review Subject to market conditions remaining broadly stable, we expect FY27 APBT to be c. £185m There will be an investor and analyst presentation at 8:30am today at Peel Hunt, 100 Liverpool St, London EC2M 2AT. There will also be a live webcast of this event available on our corporate website at www.vistrygroup.co.uk or via the following link https://brrmedia.news/VTY_HY26 A playback facility will be available shortly afterwards. For further information please contact: Vistry Group PLC Tim Lawlor, Chief Financial Officer Kate Moy, Group Investor Relations Director FTI Consulting Bryn Woodward/Giles Barrie 020 3048 3396 020 3727 1340 Vistry Group PLC's legal entity identifier is 2138001KOWN7CG9SLK53. This announcement contains inside information for the purposes of Article 7 of the Market Abuse Regulation. The person responsible for arranging the release of this announcement on behalf of Vistry is Clare Bates, Chief People Officer & General Counsel. Certain statements in this press release are, or may be deemed to be, forward looking statements. Forward looking statements involve evaluating a number of risks, uncertainties or assumptions, many of which are beyond the Group’s control, that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by those statements. Forward looking statements regarding past trends, results or activities should not be taken as representation that such trends, results or activities will continue in the future. Undue reliance should not be placed on forward looking statements. Forward looking statements speak only as at the date of this document and the Group and its directors and officers expressly disclaim any obligation or undertaking to release any update of, or revisions to, any forward looking statement herein. Chief Executive Review H1 26 overview First five months in role In the first five months in role, we have made encouraging progress on re-focusing the business. We are taking the necessary decisions to position Vistry for future success and to ensure that we can take advantage of the significant opportunities that our differentiated mixed-tenure housebuilding model offers. We believe the long-term success of the business must be at the core of our decision making, and we are taking the necessary steps to reposition the business to operate with significantly and sustainably lower financial leverage and restore healthy, predictable levels of profitability. We have undertaken a comprehensive review of the business, supported by external consultants, the conclusions of which are set out later. Near term focus: debt reduction We have made progress executing on the initiatives to drive cash generation which resulted in a negative impact on profitability in H1. As noted in July, the majority of the cash benefits from the actions being taken will fall in H2 due to the lag between action and cash realisation: • An average period of 15 weeks between reservation and completion for private sales creating a lag between profit impact of the enhanced discounting and cash receipt • An average of six to eight weeks between WIP controls being introduced and a lower run-rate of cash payments • Decisions made in Q2 to reduce land acquisitions are reducing land expenditure in H2 As expected, first half indebtedness was higher than the prior year period due to a pay down of land creditors, improved payment timescales to our suppliers and subcontractors and a lower volume of partner transactions. The Group’s net debt at 30 June 2026 was £469m and average daily net debt in H1 was £799m. We are reducing levels of work in progress by tightly controlling site starts and pace of build of private units on certain sites to more closely align our WIP investment to our sales rates. We opened the year with c. £600m of unsold private homes in build (wholly owned or held jointly with JV partners) and reducing this work in progress has been a key focus in the first half of the year. During H1 we reduced this unsold figure by more than half to under £300m and we have achieved a further c. £80m reduction so far in H2. As previously highlighted, we have also decided to exit from Part Exchange offerings on the sale of Open Market homes. Over the last few years, we have continued to trade in Part Exchange with our customers, which has tied up an average of £50m of capital during that time period. Through Q2 we focused on reducing our Part Exchange exposure and we completed a transaction in early July to substantially exit this position for £20m cash which has been received in Q3. We will no longer operate a direct Part Exchange offering but will offer alternative third party sales products, thereby reducing our invested capital while ensuring that our sales rate can be maintained, albeit with lower revenues. The financial impact of this is expected to be a loss in the range of £6-10m, £6m of which has already been reflected in H1, with the remaining loss depending on any terms agreed for the remaining disposals. Given our reassessment of risk appetite and required terms on partner deals, the summer deterioration in Open Market conditions and our pay down of land creditors, the Group now expects to achieve a broadly neutral debt position at December and we are targeting average daily debt in the second half of £750m (versus £771m in H2 2025). CEO REVIEW Scope and objectives The CEO Review was instigated to assess Vistry’s performance since the Partnerships strategy was introduced in September 2023. The objectives were to confirm the attractiveness of the markets and the business model and to assess what adjustments should be made to our structure, approach and targets based on our experience and revised expectations. The review has informed key decisions around what Vistry should look like in the future, focused on four core questions: what Vistry should be, where it should compete, how it should allocate capital and what disciplines are required to deliver sustainable returns. Vistry became the UK’s largest partnerships business through rapid consolidation. The strategic logic of the move to a pure Partnerships model remains sound, but the pace of change meant that the operating model, controls and culture did not scale consistently with the Group’s volumes. The business has focused on growth to deliver the much-needed housing required across the various tenures we serve, but there have been operational execution issues in certain regions and on specific sites. Against a difficult market backdrop given elevated mortgage rates and weak consumer confidence, Vistry has underperformed as the Group has struggled with challenges of inconsistent operational delivery, weakening gross profit, overheads out of sync with volume delivery and locked up capital. Historical performance also indicates a significant variance in profitability and return on capital by region. The review identified inconsistent regional application of the mixed-tenure model, variable commercial terms and excessive capital tied up in land and work in progress. The mixed-tenure model has attractive structural economics, reducing up-front capital requirements and accelerating cash breakeven versus a traditional housebuilder model. The majority of our live sites across the portfolio demonstrate this capital-light approach and all share a consistent set of characteristics across land selection and site planning, tenure mix, partner alignment and delivery complexity. Although we have identified areas where the model has not been executed effectively, it is reassuring that 60% of the business is performing well, with low capital employed, high ROCE and an average gross margin of 18.5%. This gives us confidence that the strategy is sound and that the issue is execution. We have undertaken a comprehensive demand assessment across our various tenure customers, including Registered Providers, Local Authorities, PRS providers and the Open Market to size the market opportunity. These learnings have shaped our conclusions on the appropriate volume and tenure mix for the Group. Key feedback was disseminated from different stakeholder groups, including our partners, which has highlighted challenges with the comprehension of the Vistry strategy. A systematic, site-by-site view of the drivers of variance between budgeted and actual returns has also been undertaken. Importantly, the Review confirms Vistry’s differentiated position as a specialist mixed-tenure housebuilder, with significant exposure to structural demand for affordable and partner-backed housing is the right strategy. STRATEGIC EVOLUTION Scale and tenure mix The mixed-tenure model de-risks sites through partner pre-sales and partner funding, but its economics still very much depend on Open Market sales. A typical scheme includes both partner-backed and Open Market components, with capital committed and released through the site lifecycle. Healthy Open Market sales rates are therefore required for the model to deliver its intended returns. The review looked at our positioning with the Registered Providers, Local Authorities and PRS providers across our areas of geographical operation, and a realistic forward demand assessment balancing growth and our ability to achieve required returns. This assessment supports a selective and measured approach to partner opportunities, taking into account local authority demand and our regional capability, planning, supply chain and partner strength. Similarly, we reviewed the Open Market landscape for affordability and local sales absorption capacity. Long-term partner relationships remain central to our model. The depth and quality of Vistry’s relationships with Registered Providers, Local Authorities and PRS partners should provide resilience and predictability. The current demand backdrop is mixed, but structurally supportive of our mixed-tenure housebuilding strategy. We estimate our addressable market opportunity is c. 19,000 units per annum. This is lower than previously indicated given a more refined geographic exposure, including a realistic reappraisal of locations where our mixed-tenure model is best suited and a reassessment of partner pipelines and their growth ambitions. Going forwards, Vistry will exercise greater selectivity and be an intentionally smaller business targeting annual volume of c. 12,000 units with an approximate tenure split of 60:40 between Partner Funded and Open Market, concentrated in priority regions. The Group will retain the flexibility to adjust our mix between tenures. We will transition to this volume over the next few years. This reduced scale allows us to focus on the better quality business and is therefore expected to enable stronger execution, improved cash conversion and more disciplined use of capital. Geographic focus The current regional footprint has been reassessed against anticipated market volumes to inform the business’ future size, shape and regional presence. Alongside transitioning to a lower volume business, Vistry’s regional exposure will be refined to reflect expected market demand and supply chain strength. We believe there is a significant opportunity to optimise profitability and improve operational execution, ensuring that future development activity is focused on specific sites and partners that are best suited to our business model. The Review found the need for a consistent understanding of and adherence to the mixed-tenure model across the regions. Best practice assessment models will be rolled out for mixed-tenure sites for assessment against defined working limits and guardrails to ensure the overall site layout, Open Market sales rate assumptions and cashflow implications of the site characteristics meet our requirements for a capital-light model. There will be differentiated criteria for London and non-London schemes reflecting their different risk profiles. We will reduce our exposure to underperforming South East areas and rebalance to better performing regions in the North, Midlands and West. London remains strategically attractive, but Vistry will operate at lower scale, with stronger Partner Funded, lower Open Market exposure and tighter capital limits. Here, we will focus on delivering c. 2,000 units a year working with public sector and housing association partners, specialising in brownfield regeneration opportunities. We have a strong belief in the long-term market attraction for our mixed-tenure model in London and the opportunity presented by significant investment into the London Social and Affordable Housing Programme by Greater London Authority. The revised regional structure will incorporate 10 larger operating areas outside of London, with two regions in London, all aligned to forward demand projections. The organisational structure will place more resource on site, supported by a lighter divisional model with overhead savings from alignment to current delivery, regional restructuring, transition to the 12,000-unit ambition and consolidation of a Group hub. South East of England Strategy In the South East of England, we will exit our Open Market exposure and focus on 100% pre-sold, Partner Funded schemes where there is strong partner demand for affordable housing. Across the Group, Vistry will focus on smaller private homes. Sites in the South East with higher private market concentration are assumed to transition to a Partner Funded delivery model, while smaller private sites will be run off through traditional private sales channels. It is expected that schemes being delivered through joint ventures will continue to sell into the open market while the sites complete, although we will continue to engage with our JV partners to agree the optimal strategy on a site-by-site basis. This South East strategy shift will significantly reduce the Group’s risk profile and accelerate cash receipts. The impact of switching sites to selling Partner Funded units or to increase the discounting of units to be sold, together with cost reassessments to facilitate speedy site exits will lead to a one-time write-down of inventories and reduced site margins through to their completion. The impact of these changes in FY26 is expected to total in the region of £200m. The final quantification and classification of these movements will be completed in H2. Reshaping the land bank The CEO Review identified a proportion of the land bank that would not have been acquired under the investment approval criteria that will be applied in the future. The sales and build strategies for each site have been considered. For a number of sites where we have started or we are already committed to development we are changing our approach to mix, product or timing to best align it to our revised approach. For certain uncommitted land parcels we have chosen to sell the land to other developers. This will enable the Group to reduce and reshape the land bank to support our vision for a 12,000 unit business. A comprehensive review of the Group's land bank is assessing whether asset carrying values remain appropriate under the revised strategic plan. The review comprises two principal elements, with the largest relating to regional sites where the recoverable value may be impacted by factors such as exposure to market segments that are no longer aligned with the Group's strategic priorities, assets outside the preferred mixed-tenure operating model, and sites which do not meet the Group's revised return and capital allocation requirements. Adjustments to site profitability will be created by changes in tenure mix, build programmes, site specific costs and price discounting assumptions. There is a further impact relating to strategic land, much of which was acquired through the Countryside acquisition, which is not aligned with the Group's strategic direction or return requirements. Our strategic land teams have been reshaped, and future strategic land will be focused on smaller sites that suit our mixed-tenure model, in the right locations. The combined profit impact of this land bank reshaping is expected to be c. £250m in FY26 which comprises site write-downs, impairment provisions and site margin reductions. The impact is expected to be recognised during the second half of the current year as the changes in approach are assessed and agreed and revised plans implemented. We will flex the regional mix to ensure we are buying sites in the right location for our model. Critically, the move from region-led buying to a portfolio-wide acquisition strategy will ensure the land bank and our capital commitments are managed for the Group. A revised site-assessment framework and updated investment approval criteria will standardise site assessment and strengthen approval discipline, and includes the proposed Vistry Index and Investment Committee “Golden Rules”. This will support our emphasis on capital discipline and sustainable margins. New investments will be structured to minimise scheme-level capital requirements and reduce the overall balance sheet intensity of the land portfolio. Land creditors will continue to be a part of our land buying criteria but only where the terms are acceptable and we are able to align outflows with cash generation on the land being acquired. We will manage the profile of land creditors to remove lumpiness of large payments in any one year and expect the total value of land creditors to reduce to be broadly in line with average daily debt levels. Partnering and contracting Vistry will continue to leverage its long-standing relationships with leading national and regional partners across tenure types to select the most attractive opportunities. Strategic Development Agreements with our partners will provide a strong foundation for more consistent, repeatable delivery. We have recently executed five agreements covering a five-year committed pipeline of c. 20,000 homes and we will begin delivery under these agreements in October 2026. A further ten agreements are at an advanced stage. Operating with greater financial and operating discipline means that we will not favour short-term performance at the expense of the company’s long-term financial health. As such, we have recently renegotiated several deals with partners that did not meet our commercial requirements, resulting in a delay to completion of these deals. Driving operational excellence Consistent operational delivery is the priority for Vistry. Operational delivery will be enhanced by improved systems and processes, fewer house types, greater standardisation of subcontractor and supplier terms and increased proximity of teams to sites by relocating commercial staff from offices to sites. There will be new guidelines and standard parameters governing deal structuring, pricing and sign-off going forward. Under the new CEO there has been a comprehensive reassessment of delivery risk across the Group's existing portfolio. The review challenged previous approaches relating to site close-out obligations, cost recovery and associated savings, resulting in a series of changes designed to drive faster asset turn and quicker resolution of issues. Vistry Works and its timber-frame capability will remain at the core of the Group’s operational and sustainability strategy. Timber frame use drives efficiency with a faster build time of c. six weeks compared to traditional brick and block construction and is shown to reduce embodied carbon by c. 30% over a 60-year timeframe. Increased use of timber frame will also reduce the Group’s dependency on labour over the medium term. As we look forward, we will simplify the product and house-type range to align land acquisition with factory geographic coverage and improve operating discipline and efficiency. We expect Vistry Works to produce in the region of 6,000 of the Group’s 12,000 homes target. Organisational changes The operating model and organisational structure have been redesigned with clarity on the split of activity between the centre, divisions and regional businesses. The consolidation of divisions and regions will allow us to achieve significant overhead savings and the refined divisional and regional structure will support commercial control as well as drive efficiency. As noted previously, as a result of the Voluntary Exit Scheme, alongside a focus on implementing the right recruitment controls in the right areas, we expected to achieve annual overhead savings of c. £25m. Including the organisational changes as part of the CEO review, we now expect to achieve a further £50m p.a. of run-rate savings within the next two years. Forward order book reporting The Group has refined its forward order book definition to comprise only exchanged or otherwise legally contracted orders and to exclude contracts which have progressed to agreed terms but not yet exchanged and future contracts on existing sites where formal exchange has not yet taken place. Partner relationships In recent years we have made great progress working with our affordable and PRS partners in an effective way, and we continue to focus on improving these relationships. We are currently negotiating new strategic development agreements with key partners to provide commitment between both parties and smooth the delivery of new mixed-tenure homes. We have executed five such agreements which will begin delivery from October for a total of c. 20,000 homes and have a further ten at an advanced stage. These agreements will set out the terms of transacting, with consistency of terms and will secure delivery through the year. A new Partner Matrix will support a more consistent commercial approach and ensure sustainable terms that work for both Vistry and its partners. Managing risk and enhancing the control environment A more disciplined approach to risk management is expected to reduce execution risk and support greater consistency of cash generation and returns. More prescriptive investment criteria and earlier Investment Committee oversight will strengthen governance over investment and contracting decisions, while the Partner Matrix, established as part of the CEO Review will provide clearer authority levels and guardrails for new partner agreements. A more focused geographic footprint, with the concentration of more experienced management in fewer regions, clearer accountability for operational delivery and a revised approach to site contingencies will support more reliable execution and forecasting. While increased standardisation, including reduced house types, together with incentives aligned to cash, returns, quality and multi-year performance rather than volume, is intended to reinforce greater capital discipline and more consistent decision-making across the Group. Implementation Plan Implementation has commenced with continued external support and a defined roadmap, governance and reporting structure and milestones across 2027 and into 2028. Workstreams will cover land and capital discipline, operational delivery, Vistry Works, regional structure, partner engagement, culture and incentives. A Site Performance Improvement Plan will commence in October, providing a visible mechanism for tracking delivery improvement at site level and will be monitored on a monthly basis. Over the course of the fourth quarter, we will finalise the quantification and classification of the financial adjustments arising from the CEO Review and these will be reported in full in the year end results. FINANCIAL IMPLICATIONS & TARGETS Debt targets and capital allocation Vistry’s capital allocation framework remains anchored in cash generation and balance sheet resilience. Balance sheet strength will be supported by reshaping and reducing the land bank. We will target three years of owned plots and 18 months of controlled land and use flexible or deferred land payment structures where terms are acceptable, incremental costs are below the cost of capital and outflows can be matched with cash generation. In the nearer term, we are targeting average daily net debt of c. £500m in FY27 and below £400m in FY28. From FY29, we expect to operate with an average daily net debt of c. £300m and expect to maintain this level for the remainder of the five-year plan with excess cash available for distribution. The recommencement of shareholder distributions will be considered once sufficient progress has been made on balance sheet reduction and the distribution policy is expected to be reviewed in FY27 with the new CFO. In particular, it is expected that the future distribution policy will need to consider that the annual cash outflows on building safety remediation have now become a higher proportion of net earnings, so may need to be accounted for in a distribution cover metric. Capital Employed As already laid out, the Group will operate with a significantly reduced balance sheet and average debt which will be achieved by the ongoing actions to reduce levels of Open Market WIP, including the impact from the exit of Open Market sales in the South East and the runoff of these existing sites, together with reduced land investment. We are committing to delivering a reduction in our levels of capital employed to c. £1.5bn in the period from 2027 to 2031. A large part of this reduction will be achieved by a smaller land bank reflecting the reduced scale of the Group. This reduction will be partly offset by greater selectivity on the use of land creditors. Operating off smaller sites will require less up-front infrastructure commitments and a faster asset turn will also contribute to lower levels of work-in-progress. A more disciplined approach to partner terms should also improve the consistency of cash returns on sites. Five-year targets The Group has a concise set of FY31 metrics against which progress will be judged. We are targeting annual volumes of c. 12,000 units, an operating margin of 12%, ROCE of more than 30% and capital employed of c. £1.5bn by FY31. The land bank will comprise three years of owned plots and 18 months of controlled land, equivalent to c. 54,000 plots in total. Disclosure of LTIP performance condition targets We set out in the Remuneration Committee Report of the 2025 Annual Report and Accounts that the setting of the targets for the 2026 awards under the Vistry Group PLC 2020 Long Term Incentive Plan (the "LTIP") would be delayed to allow time for clarity on grant funding under the SAHP and publication of the Future Homes Standard. The Remuneration Committee has now approved the targets for ROCE, EPS and carbon reduction to align with the outputs of the CEO Review and medium-term targets. Further to the announcement made on 14 April 2026, in which the Company disclosed it granted nil-cost options (the "Performance Awards") over ordinary shares of 50 pence each in the Company to its PDMRs under the LTIP, the Company confirms the performance condition targets that apply to the Performance Awards are as follows: Performance condition Weighting Threshold Maximum TSR against FTSE 250 (excluding investment trusts) 20% Annualised median of index Annualised upper quartile of index TSR against comparator group of housebuilder companies* 30% Annualised median of index Annualised upper quartile of index Adjusted EPS** 20% 44.9p 58.1p ROCE 20% 12.6% 16.3% Carbon reduction 10% 20,055 tonnes CO2e 18,145 tonnes CO2e *TSR will be measured using a relative ranking approach over the three-year period (2026-2028). The TSR comparator group constituents- Barratt Redrow, Crest Nicholson, Bellway, Persimmon, Berkeley Group and Taylor Wimpey. ** EPS targets have been set excluding share buybacks (therefore using 30 June 26 issued share capital) and using the prevailing statutory tax rate of 25% and Residential Property Development Tax (RPDT) of 4%. The Committee shall consider the impact of any share buy backs in the performance period when assessing the outturn. A straight-line payout ratio between threshold and maximum is proposed. Threshold vesting shall be at 25% with vesting on a straight-line basis between threshold and maximum. Notwithstanding the above, the Remuneration Committee still has full discretion to ensure that the level of any vesting outturn is appropriate based on the overall performance of the Group and the shareholder and employee experience. H1 2026 Performance and market conditions As expected, the first half of the year saw lower levels of demand from our affordable housing partners due to transitional funding constraints as we move to a new SAHP. During the period, we have been working closely with our partners in developing a strong pipeline of new development opportunities, with a significant step-up in the level of partner transactions expected in the second half of 2026 given the initial funding allocation wave has recently been confirmed. Vistry is uniquely positioned to play a key role in the delivery of this new SAHP. After a positive start to the year, Open Market conditions deteriorated in the second quarter, reflecting increased uncertainty and lower customer confidence triggered by the Middle East conflict. Although we would welcome some demand-side stimulus, we are not anticipating a significant change in Open Market conditions in H2, or in early 2027. Recent initiatives have included pricing actions on slower-moving stock, reducing our exposure to higher ASPs, reducing the amount of private WIP, and targeted reductions in our land bank, all of which have had a sizeable adverse impact on the profit recorded in the first half of the year. Our H1 adjusted loss before tax of £83.3m is considerably adverse to prior year largely due to these actions and higher than the £30m adjusted loss (excluding CEO Review impacts) indicated in our July trading update due to the initial impacts of land bank reshaping and other strategic actions following the CEO change and subsequent CEO review process in April 2026. The Group delivered a total of 6,304 (H1 25: 6,889) completions in the first half, 8% down on the prior year. Partner Funded units represented 69% (H1 25: 73%) of total completions with Open Market higher at 31% (H1 25: 27%) reflecting the initiatives to reduce our slower-moving stock. The Group’s first half total sales rate averaged 1.03 (H1 25: 1.02) with total average selling price increasing by 3% to £292k (H1 25: £283k) reflecting changes in mix. Going forwards we will also be disclosing our sales rate on Open Market units, given this tenure is an essential contributor to the returns of our mixed-tenure model, and in the first half our Open Market sales rate [3] was 0.49 (H1 25: 0.40). Group revenues totalled £1,703.3m (H1 25: £1,869.1m), down 9% on prior year. Partner Funded units were down in the first half by 14% to 4,351 (H1 25: 5,055) units. This decline reflects the expected lower level of demand in the first half from our affordable housing partners due to the hiatus between Affordable Housing programmes. We have also seen a year-on-year reduction in PRS unit delivery which reflects the lower forward order book at the start of the year. Open Market units were up in the first half by 7% to 1,953 (H1 25: 1,834), the increase reflecting cash action measures taken to reduce finished stock, delivered despite a reduction in average sales outlets in the period to 173 (H1 25: 186), with the Group’s Open Market sales rate higher than the prior year. There has been some variation in sales performance by region, with the London market continuing to be the most challenging geography. Social and Affordable Homes Programme (2026-2036) The £39 billion Social and Affordable Homes Programme over a 10-year period represents a significant step up from the £11.5 billion, 5-year programme in place from 2021 to 2026. We were delighted to be recently reconfirmed as a Strategic Partner and secure a significant direct grant award under the first allocation of funding. Our initial funding of £350m, the largest award given in this phase, is significantly in excess of the first award received under the previous programme and will enable the delivery of over 3,000 affordable homes. With our established pipeline we have already identified immediate opportunities to deploy our own grant funding to deliver much needed affordable housing schemes within the current year. Alongside this, Vistry will deliver additional homes at pace by working in partnership with other Strategic Partners, Established Mayoral Strategic Authorities and Councils as they commit their funding to housing schemes as part of the initial £9.58bn of allocations. Vistry already has longstanding relationships with 29 of the 32 other strategic partners and operates within all of the Mayoral Strategic Authorities receiving funding. We continue to work closely with Homes England and our affordable housing partners to ensure we are best positioned to maximise delivery and returns under this programme. In addition, in June, affordable housing providers were given equal access to funding from the Building Safety Fund for buildings over 18 metres. Importantly, this will facilitate remediation and will increase affordable housing providers’ funding capacity for investment in new affordable homes. Securing high-quality Partnership opportunities In the first half, the Group secured land and development opportunities totalling 5,870 (H1 25: 3,113) plots across 19 (H1 25: 14) sites . Our Partner Satisfaction performance has continued to strengthen during the first half of the year, with the survey achieving a Group score of 4.59, equivalent to 5 Star performance. Engagement also improved materially, with the response rate increasing to 66% and feedback received from 68 partners. Importantly, every region is now operating at 5 Star level, demonstrating a more consistent partner experience across the business. Partner confidence remains strong, with 99% of respondents confirming they would partner with Vistry again, and 60% of repeat respondents recognising an improvement since their last survey. These results demonstrate the positive impact of the work undertaken to strengthen partner experience, improve operational consistency and embed clearer ways of working across the business through the Partner Journey. We are now drilling further into the survey feedback to identify the next areas of continuous improvement. During the period, Vistry hosted its inaugural Partner Delivery Day, attended by senior leaders from across the business together with senior representatives from partner organisations. The event provided an opportunity to strengthen relationships, align on strategic priorities, and share best practice. Feedback from the event is being used to inform future improvement activity and support the continued evolution of our Partnerships business. The event reinforced Vistry's commitment to collaborative working and provided valuable insight into partner priorities, helping to inform future service improvements, strategic partnership arrangements and longer-term delivery planning. Planning We are encouraged by the government reforms to the planning system which are increasingly positive towards development, and housing in particular. The focus on streamlining the delivery of new local plans, refreshing the National Planning Policy Framework and improving planning committee processes will all make the process of obtaining planning permissions smoother. While the increase in planning application fees to provide funding for local planning authorities is supported, this must be accompanied by an improvement in engagement, performance and decision making from local planning authorities. We encourage the government to conclude, and publish, the National Planning Policy Framework as soon as possible and continue the work to remove the grit from the Development Management system to improve the flow and processing of applications. Green Belt schemes are a focus of applications, with the new grey belt definition effectively fast forwarding a long-awaited wholesale assessment of the Green Belt and enabling development on the land which is contributing least to the Green Belt. These changes should enable the delivery of the much-needed new homes essential to meet government targets. The Group had a total of 74,356 (30 June 2025: 76,919) strategic land plots as at 30 June 2026. As noted earlier, as part of the CEO Review, our strategic land teams have been reshaped, and future strategic land will be focused on smaller sites that suit our mixed-tenure model, in the right locations. High-quality housing and customer service Delivering high-quality new homes and excellent customer service is paramount, and in March we were pleased to have been awarded a 5-star HBF Customer Satisfaction rating for the seventh consecutive year. We have continued to invest in a range of targeted initiatives to support our Open Market housing sales and strengthen conversion in the first half. During the period, we made a significant investment in our Q1 marketing campaign, focused on increasing brand awareness and reach, supported by localised lead generation activity to drive customer engagement in key markets. Enhancements to our CRM platform have improved visibility of the customer enquiry journey, enabling more effective follow-up and supporting stronger engagement, with repeat enquiries representing approximately 20–25% of weekly enquiry volumes. We have also maintained a clear focus on customer experience, including through an enhanced mystery shopping programme with clear benchmarks introduced following last year’s sales excellence training. In parallel, we launched a new sales onboarding programme to ensure our teams are trained in the Vistry Way from the outset, with clear expectations set during the probation period. To support brand differentiation and customer appeal, we have rolled out an enhanced upgrades specification, while continuing to review and refine customer support schemes, including enhanced Key Worker and Own New propositions, to assist customers facing affordability challenges. Build and Vistry Works The Group operated from an average of 307 (H1 25: 350) build outlets during H1 26 which included 173 (H1 25: 186) active sales outlets. Build outlets includes sites which are not currently selling to the Open Market either because Open Market sales are yet to commence or have already been completed, and sites which are 100% Partner Funded and therefore have no Open Market sales. The vast majority of material build cost inflation we have seen throughout 2026 has been primarily driven by events in the Middle East due to the impact on prices of raw materials, energy and fuel costs which directly impact the cost of production and distribution for a large proportion of materials used in construction. This is mainly being implemented by temporary surcharges and in some instances, fixed price increases. With the continuation of macro pressures, we continue to expect build cost inflation of c. 3-4% for FY26. In the first half, Vistry Works manufactured 3,602 timber frame units, up 118% on the prior year and expects to deliver c. 6,000 units in FY26 (FY25: 4,643). The Group remains focused on driving operational efficiency across all three of the manufacturing facilities. The Group has achieved its first legal completions on homes built using the Mauer brick façade system at a site in Yorkshire. This alternative cladding system has c. 50% less embodied carbon than bricks and supports and complements our timber frame construction, with significantly faster build speed, and reduces our dependency on skilled labour. Following successful implementation, we are set to commence on a further three sites during 2026, with several additional developments already identified for FY27 deployment. As part of our ongoing commitment to sustainable construction and future skills development, our Timber Frame Installer Programme has already successfully trained 15 installers and will commence training of a further 8 candidates this year. Our People Our people remain central to delivering Vistry’s long-term success, and we continue to invest in attracting, developing and retaining talented colleagues across the Group. In January 2026, Vistry was certified as a Top Employer by the Top Employers Institute for the fourth consecutive year, achieving a score of 95.0%, up from 94.6% in 2025 and approximately 10% above the Institute benchmark. Voluntary turnover reduced to 16.9% in H1 26 (H1 25: 18.1%), while the stability index has slightly decreased to 80.9% (H1 2025: 81.6%). In June 2026, the Group launched a Voluntary Exit Scheme, providing employees who wished to pursue opportunities outside Vistry with the option to leave on enhanced terms. Our investment in future talent continues to grow. In September 2026, we recently welcomed 83 Graduates and Trainees to our entry-level programmes, compared with 48 in 2025, including the second cohort of our Timber Frame programme. Our Future Talent programmes continue to deliver strong outcomes and external recognition. In our first year of participation, Vistry ranked 60th in the UK’s Top 100 Apprenticeship Employers list, delivered in partnership with the UK Government and Higherin. We are pleased to become the first major UK housebuilder to join the award-winning Prisoners Building Homes (PBH) programme, launching a pilot at our timber-frame manufacturing facility in Warrington. The initiative provides employment and skills development opportunities for prison leavers, helping to address skills shortages while supporting rehabilitation and reducing reoffending. The pilot at Vistry's Warrington factory represents a significant milestone for the programme as the first partnership with a major national housebuilder. We have continued to strengthen the pipeline of women entering homebuilding through our partnership with HBF and Pathway CTM’s Women into Home Building programme, while maintaining our partnership with Fertility Matters at Work to promote awareness and provide practical guidance for colleagues experiencing fertility challenges. As part of our wider organisational development work, we have recently partnered with Henpicked to further strengthen support for women experiencing menopause. Social value Vistry has continued to support the delivery of social value and in the year-to-date generated over £200m of local and social economic value. Where we have generated the most added value, is within employment, skills, and opportunities as we have recognised we can have the greatest impact for our industry and the need for ever growing skills shortages. This includes 109 school and college engagements, reaching over 16,000 students and supporting over 7,000 apprentice and t-level weeks within our developments and offices. We have also delivered over 300 volunteer hours and donated nearly £75,000 to local community projects associated with our live developments. These activities align closely with Vistry’s business and support local people into construction careers, while strengthening skills pipelines, education partnerships, and supporting communities to thrive. Health and safety Our Safety, Health and Environmental (SHE) performance continues to demonstrate strong and sustained progress across the business. As at 30 June 2026, our Accident Incident Rate (AIR) was 246 (30 June 2025: 213), remaining consistently below the HSE industry benchmark of 333 and reflecting our ongoing commitment to maintaining safe operations and protecting our people. We remain focused on addressing occupational health risks, particularly those associated with respirable crystalline silica. Over the next 12 months, we will strengthen our efforts through close collaboration with our supply chain, raising awareness, showcasing emerging technologies, and ensuring compliance with the robust control measures we’ve put in place. Between January and 30 June 2026, we completed 1,542 internal SHE site inspections, achieving a compliance score of 84%, exceeding our target of 80%. Our site performance metrics, which measure compliance with minimum safety standards, remain on track to surpass the targets set out in the Group Annual Business Plan by the end of 2026. This reflects our continued commitment to maintaining safe working environments and driving high standards of operational excellence across the business. Damage to buried utility services, commonly referred to as service strikes, remains a key area of focus across the industry. At Vistry, we continue to implement measures to reduce these incidents, with our service strike incident rate currently at 348. While slightly above our 2025 year-end benchmark of 338, ongoing initiatives are focused on strengthening controls, enhancing awareness and improving performance in this area. As at 30 June 2026, we had delivered or arranged SHE-related training courses and workshops for 1,269 employees, with a further 2,077 employees completing e-learning modules. These programmes continue to reinforce safe behaviours, strengthen competence and support a positive safety culture across our sites. Building safety The Group's building safety provision reflects its commitment to supporting a lasting industry solution to building safety matters and its obligations under the Developer Remediation Contract signed in March 2023. In recent years, there has been significant activity across the sector as housing associations, local authorities, freeholders, developers and managing agents have commissioned Fire Risk Assessments ("FRAs") and Fire Risk Appraisals of External Walls ("FRAEWs") to: • identify life safety risks; • assess remediation requirements; • support Building Safety Fund applications; • comply with obligations arising under the Building Safety Act; and • support the recovery of remediation costs from developers, contractors, designers and warranty providers where appropriate. Because of this increased level of assessment activity, building owners and other responsible entities continue to submit claims and requests for information to developers and contractors in relation to historically built buildings to ensure that all building safety matters have been identified and addressed. During H1 2026, the Group recognised an additional building safety provision of £73.7 million, resulting in a total provision of £352.8 million at 30 June 2026 (31 December 2025: £303.6 million). The increase reflects the identification of a small number of buildings not previously captured within the Group's developer portfolio, reassessment to the estimated scope of remediation works arising from new information, and the assessment of additional contractor-related claims where the existence, nature or extent of potential defects had not previously been known. The Group continues to make good progress across its remediation portfolio, with all buildings included within the provision now assessed and remediation works completed on 15 buildings during the period. Balance sheet The Group’s net debt as at 30 June 2026 at £468.8m (30 June 2025: £293.1m), higher than the prior year primarily due to a deterioration in trading and net investment in infrastructure within WIP. Shareholder distributions The Board is not proposing any capital distribution in respect of H1 26 earnings. Distributions will be reintroduced once sufficient progress has been made on the balance sheet. Board changes We announced on 7 July that our CFO Tim Lawlor had resigned to take up the role of CFO of the logistics business Culina Group and will leave the business in October. We have made significant progress with the recruitment process and expect to announce imminently the appointment of a new high-quality and experienced CFO and any interim arrangements. Current trading and FY 26 outlook Open Market conditions have become more challenging over the summer, with lower customer confidence, affordability constraints and wider macroeconomic uncertainty affecting sales rates. However, the Group is 91% forward sold for FY26, supported by a £3.3bn forward order book, and the initial SAHP funding allocations underpin expected Partner Funded deal flow through the remainder of the year. Second-half performance is expected to benefit from the completion of transactions delayed from H1, a higher weighting of Partner Funded and Open Market volumes, an improved site mix, land sales, lower overheads and reduced profit headwinds from cash-generation actions. We are in the process of finalising the classification and quantification of items related to the Open Market exit from the South East of England, changing site strategies in the land bank and other strategic actions. We anticipate that the impact of these items in year will be c. £470m. In addition, there has been a £40m downward revision of year-end profit to reflect partner deals that, following the CEO Review, are no longer targeted for this year to allow time for renegotiation to meet our revised criteria Excluding the items above, we expect APBT to be in the region of £165m. The Group’s ongoing focus on cash performance, including the management of work in progress, is expected to result in a broadly neutral cash position as at 31 December 2026, lower than previous guidance due to selective withdrawals or renegotiation of proposed partner deals in the light of our revised contracting criteria and disappointing summer sales of private homes. Our banking group has demonstrated their support for the Group by providing waivers for the interest cover covenants for FY26 and HY27 that were subject to impact from the sizeable charges being taken in connection with the CEO Review. During Q4 we will be engaging with our banks to agree an extension or refinancing of their £900m facilities which mature in April 2028. We remain confident that with the cash actions being taken and the ongoing support of our banks there will be no requirement to raise additional equity. Finance review Revenue and completions Adjusted Group revenue decreased 9% to £1,703.3m (H1 25: £1,869.1m) driven by completions, which were 8% lower at 6,304 homes (H1 25: 6,889). On a reported basis, which excludes our share of joint venture revenue, Group revenue decreased 13% to £1,418.2m (H1 25: £1,635.6m). Partner Funded completions represented 69% of the total (H1 25: 73%), with the increase in proportion of completions that were from Open Market sales reflecting both the targeted sales and discounting initiatives undertaken to reduce levels of Open Market stock and the significant reduction in Partner Funded completions. Partner Funded Adjusted Partner Funded revenue (including S106 Affordable, Additional Affordable and Private Rented Sector (PRS)) decreased 15% to £967.9m (H1 25: £1,136.9m). Partner Funded completions were down 14% to 4,351 homes (H1 25: 5,055). Activity in the Partner Funded market was relatively subdued due to the lull between funding programmes as partners awaited clarity on their new grant funding allocations. The 2021-26 Affordable Homes Programme has largely completed. The initial allocation of funding for the 2026-36 Social and Affordable Housing Programme was announced in Q3 and is expected to lead to an increase in activity in Q4. Vistry has been allocated the maximum grant funding at this stage of the programme of £350m. The reduction in deal volume was coupled with a reduction in average build outlets of 12% to 307 (H1 25: 350) due to a number of sites completing over the last 12 months. Open Market Market conditions remained challenging throughout the period, with ongoing affordability pressures and a ramp up in uncertainty from March as a result of the conflict in the Middle East which appeared to significantly affect buyer confidence. Against this backdrop, Open Market completions increased by 7% to 1,953 (H1 25: 1,834) despite a 7% reduction in average active sales outlets to 173 (H1 25: 186). This was largely as a result of the Group’s targeted sales initiatives and increased discounting actions which led to adjusted Open Market revenue increasing 5% to £632.0m (H1 25: £599.8m). Average selling price (ASP) The Group’s ASP increased 3% to £292k (H1 25: £283k). Open Market ASP decreased 2% to £383k (H1 2025: £389k), driven by the Group’s sales and discounting initiatives. Partner Funded ASP increased 2% to £253k (H1 2025: £247k), largely due to changes in geographical mix, with a larger proportion of Partner Funded completions in London in H1 26. Non-housing revenue Non-housing revenue decreased to £103.4m (H1 2025: £132.4m), driven by a reduction in land sales to £13.7m in H1 26 (H1 25: £74.3m), with the comparative period including a number of planned high value land disposals. This was partially offset by an increase in part exchange revenue to £81.1m (H1 25: £47.4m) as the Group sought to dispose of its part exchange properties to improve liquidity. £m unless otherwise stated H1 26 H1 25 Partner Funded Open Market Other Total Total Adjusted revenue 967.9 632.0 103.4 1,703.3 1,869.1 Less: Non-housing revenue [4] - - (103.4) (103.4) (132.4) Total revenue for calculation of ASP 967.9 632.0 - 1,599.9 1,736.7 Total units (at 100%) 4,351 1,953 n/a 6,304 6,889 Less: joint venture and joint operation eliminations (521) (303) n/a (824) (750) Units for calculation of ASP 3,830 1,650 n/a 5,480 6,139 ASP £253k £383k n/a £292k £283k Change % vs H1 2025 +2% -2% n/a 3% n/a Profit Before Tax Impact of CEO Review The CEO Review commenced in H1, the outcomes of which are described in the Chief Executive’s Review. The actions arising from the CEO Review will have a significant impact on the reported and adjusted PBT for the full year 2026, however the majority of the impact will be recorded in our H2 numbers, with key decisions not being approved by the board until after 30 June 2026. Detailed quantification of the impact for the full year is still ongoing and will be concluded during Q4. The expected impact of the changes presented in the Chief Executive’s Review on full year PBT is summarised below: - Change in strategy for the South East of England – Following the decision to exit our Open Market exposure in the South East of England, we expect to discount homes more aggressively, adjust build programmes and increase Partner Funded unit delivery in the geography. The expected full year impact from a combination of asset write-downs and reduced site margins is c. £200m. - Reshaping the land bank – A full review of the Group’s land bank, including Strategic Land, has identified a number of sites not suitable for the future Partnerships model, and we will look to exit these sites rapidly through alternative approaches such as accelerated Partner Funded unit sales, revised build programmes and cost assessments or bare land sales. The revised site strategies are expected to have a total full year impact of c. £250m. - Restructuring - An additional charge of approximately £30m is expected to be taken in H2 in connection with the expected costs of organisational change. These restructuring costs are expected mainly to comprise costs associated with the exit of people and the closure of offices. - Other – A number of other initiatives have commenced, resulting in further write-offs of c. £20m. This includes the impact of the cessation of use of the part exchange incentive, with impairments recognised against existing unsold part exchange homes held in inventory and losses arising from portfolio sales in H1. In addition to the impacts above, the CEO Review was a contributory factor to the goodwill impairment charge of £475m in H1 which is described in more detail below. The appropriate classification of the above items will be determined alongside the final quantification of the impacts and presented in the full year results. Further updates on these items will be provided in scheduled Trading Updates between now and the reporting of the Full Year results in March 2027. Some items identified within the scope of the review were sufficiently progressed to be recognised in H1; a charge has been taken within the half year results for these items. A total of c. £40m has been identified in connection with reshaping the land bank owing to changes in site strategies executed in H1. A further £10m has been recognised in connection with the write-down of part exchange properties and partner retention balances. Operating loss and margin The Group recognised an adjusted operating loss for the six months ended 30 June 2026 of £36.2m (H1 25: profit of £124.4m). Lower unit volumes resulted in a c. £25m reduction in profitability in addition to a reduction in land sales which reduced profit by a further £6m. Adjusted operating margin decreased year-on-year to (2.1)% (H1 25: 6.7%). The H1 margin has been affected by targeted cash actions, made up of discounting on Open Market homes, increased costs resulting from WIP controls and deals executed to accelerate cash at the expense of profit. The total margin impact of these actions was c. £50m. A further c. £50m deterioration resulted from initiatives borne from the CEO Review, these included c. £40m of costs associated with reshaping the land bank and £6m of losses associated with exiting our part exchange portfolio, with further part exchange portfolio sales expected in H2. The remainder of the margin movements stemmed from cost increases associated with build costs and site overheads. For FY26, we continue to expect build cost inflation of c. 3-4% which has had the effect of driving up the prices of raw materials and impacted some site margins. As stated in July, Open Market conditions weakened during the second quarter, resulting in a reassessment of build programmes and an extension of site overheads across a number of developments, which adversely impacted site margins. Overheads, excluding exceptional items, reduced against the comparative period due to a reduction in average headcount. The Group’s reported operating loss was £624.2m (H1 25: profit of £58.1m). The differences between the Group’s adjusted and reported measures primarily relate to the impairment of goodwill and the addition to the building safety provision in the period, which do not impact the adjusted operating result. Impairment of goodwill At 1 January 2026, the Group had £827.6 million of Goodwill on the balance sheet, which arose from acquisitions that completed over the previous six years. As at 30 June 2026, a number of impairment triggers were identified which included, the CEO Review on the future size and scale of the Group, the challenging market conditions arising from macroeconomic and geopolitical factors, and the continued decline in the Group's market capitalisation. Accordingly, the Group performed an impairment assessment to determine whether the carrying value of goodwill remained recoverable. This assessment compared the carrying value of the Group's single cash-generating unit ("CGU") with its recoverable amount, determined using a value-in-use methodology. As highlighted in the Chief Executive's Review, following the appointment of Adam Daniels, a review of the Group's strategy and operating model commenced during the period. The CEO Review concluded that the Group will transition to a smaller, more focused business targeting c. 12,000 completions per annum. This is a shift in the scale of the business and has the consequence of lower expected future cash flows than those reflected in previous impairment assessments and this results in a reduction in the recoverable amount of the Group's CGU. As a result, the Group recognised a non-cash goodwill impairment charge of £475 million during the period. Following recognition of the impairment charge, the remaining carrying value of goodwill is £352.6 million. Building safety £m H1 26 H1 25 Additions to provision 73.7 4.9 Unwind of discounting on the provision 5.5 5.3 Recoveries income (6.0) (6.7) Net expense 73.2 3.5 The net expense of £73.2m (H1 25: net expense of £3.5m) included a £73.7m (H1 25: £4.9m) addition to the provision in respect of new buildings and £5.5m (H1 25: £5.3m) relating to the unwinding of discounting of the provision, offset by £6.0m (H1 25: £6.7m) of recoveries income. The £73.7m addition to the provision in H1 26 comprised £10.4m for 9 buildings identified whereby the Group acted as developer and is required to remediate under the Developer Remediation Contract (4 of these buildings were not previously known to us and the other 5 were updated based on new information) and £53.1m for 31 new buildings in which the Group acted as a contractor or the building was below 11 metres. The Group has now been notified of its obligation to remediate by the responsible entities, and £10.2m relating to overheads and compliance costs to the end of the remediation period have been added to the provision. The significant step-up in contractor buildings requiring remediation is largely due to a surge in assessments by building owners and partners following last year’s announcement of the joint plan to accelerate remediation of social housing and the time taken to progress from their assessment to a valid claim being accepted by the Group as a historic contractor. We would not expect this level of contractor claims to be repeated. Provision utilisation was £30.0m, with remediation completed on 15 buildings. As at 30 June 2026, work was ongoing on 54 buildings, with 201 progressing throughout the various preconstruction phases of the remediation process. £m Buildings H1 26 Opening provision 230 303.6 Additions to provision 40 73.7 Unwind of discount - 5.5 Utilisation of provision (15) (30.0) Closing provision 255 352.8 Other exceptional items Other exceptional items of £10.3m have been recorded in the period. This comprises restructuring and other expenses principally relating to costs associated with the Group’s voluntary exit scheme which was announced in June, CEO succession, office closure costs where regional business units have been reorganised and other one-off restructuring related expenses. Exceptional items of £19.6m in H1 25 comprised £12.8m for the voluntary contribution made by the Group in response to concerns investigated by the UK Competition and Markets Authority, a net expense of £3.5m relating to building safety and £3.3m of restructuring, integration and other costs. Net finance expense Adjusted finance expense increased 8% to £47.1m (H1 25: £43.8m). Net bank interest payable was up 4% to £25.9m as the lower blended rate on drawings of 5.9% (H1 25: 6.3%) largely offset by the impact of a 15% rise in average daily net debt to £799m (H1 25: £695m). The unwind of land creditor discounting increased to £18.1m (H1 25: £11.4m) due to a higher average land creditor position than prior year. Net joint venture interest payable is the Group’s proportional share of the net interest cost incurred by joint ventures. This primarily relates to interest on external borrowings and unwind of land creditor discounting. Net joint venture interest payable reduced to £3.6m (H1 25: £5.6m), reflecting lower external borrowings. £m H1 26 H1 25 Change Net bank interest payable 25.9 25.0 +4% Unwind of discount on land creditors 18.1 11.4 +59% Unwind of discount on land debtors (1.8) - n/a Interest on finance leases 3.1 2.7 +15% Net interest on defined benefit pension schemes (0.8) (0.9) -11% Net joint venture interest payable 3.6 5.6 -36% Other finance income (1.0) - n/a Adjusted net finance expense 47.1 43.8 8% Profit before tax The Group recognised an adjusted loss before tax of £83.3m (H1 25: profit of £80.6m), and a reported loss before tax of £661.3m (H1 25: profit of £40.9m). The greater reduction in the reported result was primarily due to the impairment of goodwill and the addition to the building safety provision in the period, both of which are excluded from adjusted profit. Tax The adjusted effective tax rate was 28.1%, resulting in an adjusted tax credit of £23.4m (H1 25: 27.9%, charge of £22.5m). This was lower than the rate of 29.0% that would be derived by applying the statutory tax rate of 25% and Residential Property Development Tax (RPDT) of 4% as RPDT only applies to certain of the Group’s profits. The reported effective tax rate was 8.2% (H1 25: 23.5%), with a reported tax credit of £54.3m (H1 25: charge of £9.6m). Earnings per share The Group recognised an adjusted loss after tax of £59.9m (H1 25: profit of £58.1m). Adjusted basic loss per share for the period was 18.8p (H1 25: earnings per share of 17.6p). Reported loss per share was 190.5p (H1 25: earnings per share of 9.5p), reflecting the impact of exceptional items. Capital employed and ROCE Closing capital employed increased 10% to £2,841.6m (FY 25: £2,583.4m); average capital employed rose 6% to £2,712.5m (FY 25: £2,548.2m). Inventories remain the largest component, comprising land of £1,887.9m and work in progress of £1,352.9m. Land on the balance sheet reduced by 2% due to slightly reduced land acquisitions in the period. Significant repayments and fewer acquisitions on deferred terms resulted in the Group’s land creditors falling 12% to £871.2m. Work in progress increased by 4%, a typical increase at 30 June in preparation for the increase in completions in H2. We continue to focus the business with tight work in progress controls introduced under the “Golden Rules” in Q2, but the reduced run-rate on sites did not have time to feed through into the closing work in progress balance at 30 June. The Group continues to invest in its joint ventures. The carrying amount of joint ventures increased by 8% as funding was advanced for the settlement of land creditors and external borrowings, as well as improving payment timescales with suppliers and subcontractors within the joint ventures. Other assets reduced by 6% driven predominantly by a reduction in trade receivables and contract assets due to lower Partner Funded revenue. Other liabilities reduced by 13% due to the improved payment timescales to suppliers and subcontractors, along with the reduction in build activity. ROCE decreased 12.3ppts against the comparative period to -2.7% (H1 25: 9.6%). Net assets Net assets decreased 18%, principally due to the loss after tax and the share buybacks. The retirement benefit asset was broadly unchanged. The buy-in policies purchased in FY25 are accounted for as assets of the schemes, valued in line with the obligations they are insuring. The Group continues to recognise the scheme surpluses as it will be entitled to any surplus remaining when the last members exit the pension schemes in the future. £m H1 26 FY 25 Change vs FY 25 H1 25 Work in progress (including part exchange properties) 1,352.9 1,295.9 +4% 1,232.8 Land 1,887.9 1,932.4 -2% 1,834.8 Land creditors (871.2) (989.7) -12% (719.7) Net inventories 2,369.6 2,238.6 +6% 2,347.9 Investment in joint ventures 736.2 680.8 +8% 676.7 Amounts due from joint arrangements 143.2 143.8 - 160.1 Amounts payable to joint arrangements (209.9) (188.0) +12% (170.3) Total joint arrangement carrying value 669.5 636.6 +5% 666.5 Other assets 735.5 783.5 -6% 659.8 Other liabilities (933.0) (1,075.3) -13% (1,028.8) Capital employed 2,841.6 2,583.4 +10% 2,645.4 Building safety provision (352.8) (303.6) +16% (313.8) Retirement benefit asset 31.9 32.2 -1% 32.7 Tangible net assets 2,520.7 2,312.0 +9% 2,364.3 Goodwill 352.6 827.6 -57% 827.6 Intangible assets 309.4 329.2 -6% 349.0 Net debt (468.8) (144.2) +225% (293.1) Net assets 2,713.9 3,324.6 -18% 3,247.8 £m H1 26 FY 25 Change VS FY 25 H1 25 Opening capital employed 2,583.4 2,512.9 +3% 2,512.9 Closing capital employed 2,841.6 2,583.4 +10% 2,645.4 Average capital employed 2,712.5 2,548.2 +6% 2,579.2 £m unless otherwise stated H1 26 FY 25 Change VS H1 25 H1 25 Adjusted operating (loss)/profit (36.2) 353.8 -129% 124.4 Pro-rated average capital employed 1,356.3 2,548.2 +5% 1,289.6 ROCE (%) (2.7) 13.9 -12.3ppts 9.6 Net debt and cash flow The Group started the year with net debt of £144.2m. The cash outflow before buybacks was £310.3m, comprising adjusted loss before tax of £83.3m, working capital outflow of £153.4m, outflow to joint ventures of £31.3m, exceptional cash outflows of £27.1m, corporation tax paid of £15.3m and other cash inflows of £0.1m. After £14.3m of buybacks, closing net debt increased to £468.8m. Working capital The outflow of £153.4m was driven primarily by the reduction of deferred land creditors as existing creditors were paid down at a faster rate than new land being acquired on deferred terms. This contributed £118.5m to the outflow. The remainder of the net outflow was as a result of reducing supplier and subcontractor payables in the period, due to both improved payment timescales and a reduction in build activity. The net working capital outflow was £63.0m higher than H1 25. This comprised a greater net land outflow of £94.0m, and a greater payables outflow of £16.0m as the Group focused on paying down land creditors and improving payment timescales to suppliers and subcontractors. This was offset by a reduction in WIP outflows of £42.5m as build activity slowed towards the period end, and an increase in receivables inflows of £4.5m due to the lower volume of partner transactions. Levels of work in progress at 30 June 2026 remained high due to the time lag between the implementation

[truncated]