BETA Close X Vistry Group PLC has published its Annual Report and Accounts for 2025 and the Notice of its 2026 Annual General Meeting, following its full year results announcement on March 4, 2026. The AGM will be held on May 13, 2026, at Linklaters LLP in London. The full year results announcement from March 4, 2026, contains additional information required to be communicated in unedited full text. Disclaimer* Vistry Group PLC 27 March 2026 27 March 2026 Vistry Group PLC (the "Company") Annual Report and Accounts 2025 and Notice of 2026 Annual General Meeting Further to the Company's announcement of its full year results on 4 March 2026, we are pleased to publish our Annual Report and Accounts 2025 (" Annual Report and Accounts 2025 ") and the Notice of the 2026 Annual General Meeting (" Notice "). The Annual Report and Accounts 2025 can be viewed on the Company's website at https://www.vistry.co.uk/investors/annual-report-2025 . The Notice can be viewed on the Company's website at https://www.vistry.co.uk/investors/shareholder-centre/agm . The documents are being posted to shareholders who have requested hard copies. This announcement is made in accordance with DTR 6.3.5R(1A). 2026 Annual General Meeting ("AGM") The Company's AGM will be held on Wednesday, 13 May 2026, 12.00 noon at the offices of Linklaters LLP, 20 Ropemaker Street, London, EC2Y 9AR. Shareholders who choose to attend the AGM in person, should pre-register their intention to attend as soon as practicable by emailing company.secretary@vistry.co.uk and by no later than 5.00pm on 12 May 2026. In accordance with UK Listing Rule 6.4.1, a copy of the Annual Report 2025, Notice, Form of Proxy and the 2026 Long Term Incentive Plan rules have been submitted to the National Storage Mechanism and will shortly be available for inspection at https://data.fca.org.uk/#/nsm/nationalstoragemechanism Additional information Information required to be communicated in unedited full text was included in Company's full year results announcement issued on 4 March 2026 and can be found at Full year results for the year ended 31 Dec 2025 . This information is not a substitute for reading the full Vistry Group PLC Annual Report 2025. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Vistry Group (VTY) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 31 minutes ago Roadside Real Estate 1 hour ago Taseko Mines Limited NPV (DI) 1 hour ago Taseko Mines Limited NPV (DI) 1 hour ago Xeros Technology Group 1 hour ago Plus500 Ltd (DI) All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and