BETA Close X Vistry Group PLC announced the resignation of its Chief Financial Officer, Tim Lawlor, who will depart in October after over four years with the company to pursue a CFO role in a different sector. Lawlor's departure follows his significant contributions to integrating Vistry and Countryside and transitioning to the Partnerships strategy. The Board has initiated a search for a successor and will provide further updates. Remuneration arrangements for Lawlor's departure will be disclosed on the company's website. Disclaimer* Vistry Group PLC 08 July 2026 THIS ANNOUNCEMENT CONTAINS INSIDE INFORMATION FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE 8 July 2026 Vistry Group PLC Resignation of Chief Financial Officer Vistry Group PLC ("Vistry", the "Group" or the "Company") announces that Tim Lawlor, Chief Financial Officer, has informed the Board of his decision to step down from his role and leave the Company to take up a CFO role in a large privately-owned business in a different sector. Tim will remain with the Company until October, following publication of the HY results and completion of the CEO review, to support an orderly transition and handover of responsibilities. The Board has commenced a process to identify a successor and will provide a further update in due course. Rob Woodward, Chair, said: "On behalf of the Board, I would like to thank Tim for his significant contribution to Vistry during his tenure of over four years. He has played an important role in the integration of Vistry and Countryside and the transition to the Partnerships strategy. We wish Tim every success for the future." Tim Lawlor said: "I have greatly valued working with outstanding colleagues across the Group and remain confident in Vistry's Partnerships strategy, leadership and future prospects. I will continue to support the business to ensure a smooth and orderly transition." For further information please contact: Vistry Group PLC Rob Woodward, Chair Kate Moy, Group Investor Relations Director FTI Consulting Richard Mountain 020 3048 3393 020 3727 1340 The remuneration arrangements in relation to Tim's departure from the Company will be disclosed on the Company's website at the appropriate time in accordance with section 430(2B) of the Companies Act 2006. There is no further information to be declared in accordance with LR 6.4.6. Vistry Group PLC's legal entity identifier is 2138001KOWN7CG9SLK53. This announcement contains inside information for the purposes of Article 7 of the Market Abuse Regulation. The person responsible for arranging the release of this announcement on behalf of Vistry is Clare Bates, Chief People Officer & General Counsel. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Vistry Group (VTY) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 9 hours ago Schroder Income Growth Fund 10 hours ago Oberon AIM VCT 11 hours ago Johnson Matthey 11 hours ago Sirius Real Estate Ltd. 11 hours ago GSK All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and