BETA Close X Vistry Group PLC has been reconfirmed as a Strategic Partner and secured a significant direct grant award of £350m under the government's £39bn Social and Affordable Homes Programme, enabling the delivery of over 3,000 affordable homes. This initial funding is substantially larger than the previous programme's first award, which totalled £278m for over 3,500 homes. Vistry plans to deploy its own grant funding immediately and partner with other strategic entities, leveraging existing relationships with 29 of the 32 announced strategic partners and operating within all referenced Mayoral Strategic Authorities. Disclaimer* Vistry Group PLC 25 August 2026 25 August 2026 Vistry Group PLC Social and Affordable Homes Programme Funding Award Vistry Group PLC ("Vistry" or the "Group") is pleased to announce that it has been reconfirmed as a Strategic Partner and secured a significant direct grant award under the first allocation of funding made available as part of the government's £39bn Social and Affordable Homes Programme (SAHP). The initial funding of £350m, the largest award possible in this phase, is significantly in excess of the first award received under the previous programme, and will enable the delivery of over 3,000 affordable homes, well ahead of what was possible under the first phase of the last programme. The Group has an established pipeline and has identified immediate opportunities to deploy its own grant funding to deliver much needed affordable housing schemes within the current year. Alongside this, Vistry will deliver additional homes at pace by working in partnership with other Strategic Partners, Established Mayoral Strategic Authorities and Councils as they commit funding to their programmes as part of the initial £9.58bn of allocations. The Group already has longstanding relationships with 29 of the 32 other strategic partners announced this morning, and operates within all of the Mayoral Strategic Authorities referenced in the announcement. Adam Daniels, Chief Executive said: "Vistry has received direct grant funding awards under successive affordable homes programmes for nearly twenty years, and this award reflects our established track record and commitment to delivering much needed affordable homes in collaboration with Homes England and our partner providers. We are delighted that Homes England has made this significant announcement that will create over 73,000 new homes and provide Vistry, its partners and the wider sector with a much-needed stimulus. We already operate in all of the Established Mayoral Strategic Authorities and have established relationships with 29 of the 32 other strategic partners announced this morning. We look forward to continuing to work with Councils and Homes England to meet local ambitions to increase housing supply at pace." Note: Vistry's total funding as a Strategic Partner under the 21-26 Affordable Homes Programme was £278m, enabling the delivery of over 3,500 additional affordable homes across the country. The initial funding award in 2021 was £83m. For further information please contact: Vistry Group PLC Tim Lawlor, CFO Kate Moy, Group Investor Relations Director FTI Consulting Bryn Woodward 020 3048 3393 020 3077 0505 Vistry Group PLC's legal entity identifier is 2138001KOWN7CG9SLK53. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Vistry Group (VTY) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 24 minutes ago Crimson Tide 1 hour ago Sunbelt Rentals Holdings, Inc. 13 hours ago Unilever 14 hours ago Sequoia Economic Infrastructure Income Fund Limited 14 hours ago Cohort All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and