Vistry Group

ANNUAL REPORT
AND ACCOUNTS 2023

MVISTRYIGROURPL

2023 HIGHLIGHTS

In 2023, the Group successfully integrated Countryside, implemented a strategy to focus
exclusively on its resilient Partnerships model and delivered a robust performance relative

to the wider sector.

Adjusted Revenue

£4,042.1m

(2022: £3,115.1m)

Revenue

£3,564.2m

(2022: £2,771.3m)

Completions

16,118

(2022: 11,951)

Adjusted
operating profit

£487.9m

(2022: £451.1m)

Operating
profit

£311.8m

(2022: £212.5m)

Owned and
controlled plots

76,434

(2022: 77,763)

Adjusted profit
before tax

£419.1m

(2022: £418.4m)

Profit
before tax

£304.8m

(2022: £247.5m)

HBF customer
satisfaction score

5-star

(2022: 5-star)

Adjusted basic
earnings per share

88.2p

(2022: 137.5p)

Basic earnings
per share

64.6p

(2022: 86.5p)

Return on capital
employed (ROCE)

21.3%

(2022: 25.0%)

Adjusted measures

In addition to the IFRS (reported) measures disclosed throughout the Annual Report, the Group uses certain non-IFRS
alternative performance (adjusted) measures to assess the operational performance of the Group. Definitions of the
adjusted measures and the reconciliations to the reported measures are detailed on pages 30 to 33.

Vistry Group PLC

‘Spyway Orchard, Langton Matravers

OUR PURPOSE

Our purpose as a responsible
developer is to work in partnership
to deliver sustainable homes,
communities and social value,
leaving a lasting legacy of places
people love.

REPORTING

We hope you enjoy reading this Annual Report

and Accounts. To make it easier for you to use and
to find more information where applicable, please
look out for the following reference, case study and
QR codes as set out below.

REFERENCE ICONS

Page number reference

>» See pages 18 to 21

Website page:
Vistrygroup.co.uk/strategy.

CASE STUDY

Case studies are referenced @

throughout this document

with this icon,

CONTENTS

EI

2023 HIGHLIGHTS ee
STRATEGIC REPORT

Our Group at a glance 2
Chair's statement 4
Chief Executive's review 6
Market environment 2
Our strategy and business model 18
Financial review 24
Providing clarity to the users of the Annual Report 30
$172(1) statement 4
Sustainability report 35
TCFD report 51
Non-financial and sustainability 58
information statement

Risk management 60
Our principal risks 62
Viability and going concern statements 68
GOVERNANCE REPORT

Chair's governance letter to shareholders 7
Governance at a glance 1%
Corporate governance statement and 75
code application

Board of Directors 76
Board leadership and Company purpose 78
Our stakeholders and engagement 88
Division of responsibilities 92
Composition, succession and evaluation 8
Nomination Committee report 9%
Audit Committee report 100
Remuneration Committee report 10
Directors’ remuneration report us
Remuneration Policy 132
Directors’ report B9
Directors' responsibilities statement 143
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Independent auditor's report 146
Group Statement of profit or loss and other 8
comprehensive income

Group and Company Statement of financial position 159
Group Statement of changes in equity 160
Company Statement of changes in equity 161
Group and Company Statement of cash flows 162
Notes to the financial statements 163
OTHER INFORMATION

Five-year record a
Shareholder information 212
Glossary 23

Annual Report and Accounts 2023 | 1

IH EZOZ

=
fay
=
5
a

SLNAW3LVLS TVIDNVNIG 414¥Od3¥ JDNYNYIAOD LYOd3y DIDILVYLS

NOILYWYOINI Y3HLO

OUR GROUP AT A GLANCE

In September 2023, the Group updated its strategy to fully focus its operations on its

industry leading Partnerships business. Good progress was made in transitioning the

Group in the second half of 2023 and Vistry now operates solely as a Partnerships

business, focused on being a responsible developer, increasing the supply of
affordable housing across the country and delivering its medium-term targets.

RESPONSIBLE DEVELOPER

+ Vistry is a responsible developer with a strong
social purpose.

- We operate a capital light Partnerships model
and are committed to delivering quality new
homes across all tenures.

- We focus on creating sustainable new
communities leaving a lasting legacy of places
people love.

+ We see an acute need for affordable mixed
tenure housing and regeneration across
the country.

+ Vistry is uniquely placed to deliver on this
market opportunity and is pursuing an
exciting, high growth strategy.

ATTRACTIVE
FINANCIAL RETURNS

+ The Group's unique business model gives
a high level of earnings visibility and
increased resilience to the cyclicality of the
housing market.

+ Vistry is targeting sector-leading ROCE of 40%
in the medium term and the distribution of
£lbn capital to its shareholders.

2 | Vistry Group PLC

LEADING MARKET POSITION

+ Vistry has an unrivalled track record and scale
in the partnerships market built on industry
leading relationships across the sector.

- Our people and our partners are key to
our success and underpin the delivery of
our strategy.

+ Vistry is led by a highly committed management
team with extensive expertise, capability and
track record.

- The Group delivers outstanding customer service
through its three leading customer brands:
Bovis Homes, Linden Homes and Countryside
Homes.

+ The Group has an extensive timber frame
capability supporting Future Homes Standard
requirements and securing the Group's
supply chain.

Bovis ~*~
Homes

Vistry Group

Linden Countryside
° Partnerships
<3

COUNTRYSIDE
Homes

OUR PARTNERSHIPS MODEL

D @

High quality
Open Market Housing

High quality affordable
mixed tenure housing

. OPEN

MARKET A)
PARTNER €. 35% otto Private sale
FUNDED Group completions beeceeueueueuees

€. 65% of tora a
Group completions (A,

Private buyer

SLHONHOIH £707

Social rent, affordable
rent, shared
ownership, private
rented sector

LVYLS

5

fa)
2
in
°
2

Registered Providers, 8
Local Authorities, a
Private Rented Sector 2
>
z
fal
oe eee eee eee ey m
Peete eee eeccec ene ee estes neceeeseeessatsees m
m
3
8
a
EVERY DEVELOPMENT IS MADE
IN PARTNERSHIP
VISTRY z
Vistry’s ambition and strategy is strongly aligned with the GROUP PRIVATE S
needs and expectations of our partners. The strength HOMES RENTED 4
of our partnerships is built upon shared objectives and ENGLAND \, a ppESTOR 5
A PROVIDERS =
values, transparency, trust and delivery. The Group's key NN ms
development partners include Homes England, Registered y >
Providers - both not for profit and for profit, Local REED LocaL z
Authorities and the Private Rented Sector. We also see our PHOUDES | AUTHORITIES m
highly valued supply chain as key business partners and a
work with them to deliver positive outcomes for all
°
g
x
mn
POSES EEeT SSS STS SELES e eee eee eet e teen ec ee cee e eee st estes sees eee eee eseteeeees - 2
z
S
OUR ETHOS AND VALUES z
2
Doing the right thing is at the core of Vistry’s ethos as we endeavour to fo}
Zz

ric sit do the right thing for our partners, our customers, our people and our
shareholders across all aspects of our operations.
fight As One Vistry we live our shared values of Integrity, Caring and Quality,

thing instilling them into all aspects of our day to day activities.

Annual Report and Accounts 2023 | 3

CHAIR'S STATEMENT

“It has been another year of
progress at Vistry, with the Group
consolidating its position as the
country’s leading provider of
Partnership housing."

RALPH FINDLAY OBE
Chair

OVERVIEW

Following completion of the Combination with Countryside
Partnerships PLC (the Combination) in November 2022, the
integration moved at pace, taking a collaborative approach
focused on building on the best from each business. |

am pleased to report that the businesses came together
extremely well, with ari excellent cultural and business fit.

In September 2023, following the Board's annual review

of the Group's strategy, the Group announced its intention
to fully focus its operations on its capital light, high return
Partnerships model. As an enlarged Partnerships business
following the Combination, the scale of the need for
affordable, mixed tenure housing across the country had
become even more evident. It was clear that Vistry held a
unique market position within the partnerships maket and
had the capability to significantly step up its supply of
affordable, mixed tenure housing,

As part of this strategic move, the Group's former
Housebuilding business has been merged into the Group's
Partnerships business.

4 | Vistry Group PLC

During a year of significant change, the capability and
commitment of the Group's leadership team has been
paramount. Under the Group's new strategy, the Executive
Leadership Team (ELT) has been reshaped, and is characterised
by unrivalled industry experience.

The Group delivered a robust financial performance in 2023,
highlighting the resilience of the Group's unique Partnerships
model, as levels of demand for new houses in the Open Market
remained suppressed.

PEOPLE AND PARTNERS

Our excellent people and valued partners are critical to the
success of Vistry Group. On behalf of the Board, | would like to
thank them all for another year of hard work and commitment,
and for their part in driving Vistry forwards.

SUSTAINABILITY

Vistry is a responsible developer with a strong social purpose,
Working in partnerships, the Group is committed to delivering
sustainable new homes and communities where people

love to live across the country. The Group's Sustainability
Committee was formed in 2023 with its objective to make
recommendations to the ELT and to enable effective
implementation of the Group's sustainability strategy and
delivery against the Group's sustainability targets.

Key highlights from the year included the opening of four

new Vistry Plus Skills Academies, focused on delivering training
in construction, addressing the national skills shortage, and
supporting future employment in the local community, and
the wider delivery of 86m of social and local economic

value across the 70 projects utilising our social value portal

in the year.

CAPITAL ALLOCATION

The Group undertook extensive consultation with its
shareholders on capital allocation between March and
September 2023 and announced its updated capital allocation
policy with its Half Year results.

The Group's strategy and focus on its capital light Partnerships
model is expected to result in a significant release of capital, as
assets from the former Housebuilding division are redeployed
into Partnerships and the Group fully transitions to its
Partnerships model across all developments.

Maintaining a strong balance sheet is a key priority, and
the Group is targeting a year end net cash position as at

31 December 2024, and the elimination of average net debt
in the medium term

The Board believes that investing in our Partnerships business
to deliver sustainable growth in line with our medium-term
targets is the most attractive use of capital, with the business
continuing to invest in high quality development opportunities
which replenish the Partnerships land bank and deliver on this.

The Group recognises the importance of capital distributions to
shareholders and intends to sustain the pursuit of a two times
adjusted earnings ordinary distribution cover in respect of a
full financial year. The ordinary distributions are to be made
either through share buybacks or dividends with the method to
be determined by the Board considering all relevant factors at
the time.

August Fields, Southampton

The Board announced an initial ordinary share buyback
programme of £55m in September. This programme
commenced on Il December 2023 and was completed on
23 February 2024 with a total of 5.8m shares acquired at
an average price per share of 955p. This buyback was an
ordinary distribution to shareholders in lieu of an interim
dividend payment.

In line with the Group's capital allocation policy the
Board is announcing a further ordinary share buyback
programme of £100m which is expected to commence
in April. This buyback is an ordinary distribution to

shareholders and will be in lieu of a final dividend payment.

Any surplus capital following investment in the business to
support the Partnership's growth strategy and the ordinary
distribution is expected to be returned to the Group's
shareholders through either an incremental share buyback
or a special dividend, with the method being determined
by the Board considering all relevant factors at the time.
The Board will evaluate additional special distributions
throughout the year.

The Group is targeting £lbn of capital distribution to its
shareholders over the next three years, including ordinary
distributions from earnings through to and including FY26,
and special distributions.

BOARD AND COMMITTEE CHANGES

2023 has seen a period of transition and evolution for the
Group's Board, It was announced on 12 January 2024 that
after nine years of service | shall step down as Chair with
effect from the conclusion of the forthcoming AGM
During the year, the Nomination Committee undertook a
Chair succession planning process which concluded that
Greg Fitzgerald shall succeed me as Executive Chair

and CEO. Greg will ensure consistency and maintain
momentum in the execution of the Group's strategy and
delivery of the medium-term targets announced in 2023

The Board has commenced a search for an experienced
Senior Independent Director who will provide additional
oversight on governance matters and serve as an alternative
point of communication for investors and the other
Non-Executive Directors.

There were a number of other Board changes during the year.
In March 2023, Jeff Ubben was appointed as a Non-Executive
Director and Nigel Keen stepped down as an Independent
Non-Executive Director. In May 2023, Helen Owers and

Paul Whetsell were both appointed as Independent Non-
Executive Directors with Paul also appointed as Chair of the
Remuneration Committee. At this time, Ashley Steel and
Katherine Innes Ker both stepped down as Independent
Non-Executive Directors. In January 2024, Jeff Ubben stepped
down as a Non-Executive Director and Usman Nabi was
appointed to the Board as a representative of one of the
Group's largest shareholders, Browning West. Chris Browne has
also confirmed that she will not seek re-election as a Non-
Executive Director from the close of the 2024 AGM following
her more than nine years of service. The Board is seeking to
recruit up to two additional, high calibre Independent
Non-Executive Directors of the Company, taking into account
the evolving need for skills and the importance of diversity.

| would like to thank all the Directors, including those
who left the Board in 2023, for their contributions during
a period of transformation of the Company.

LOOKING AHEAD

The Group starts 2024 in a strong position and is focused on
delivering tangible progress against its medium-term targets
in the year. The Group holds @ unique position within the UK's
evolving housing market, and with its strong leadership, is
ambitious about its role in delivering much needed affordable
housjfg to the try.

L —,
[ALPH FINDLAY OBE
Chair

14 March 2024

Annual Report and Accounts 2023 | 5

SLHONMHODIH £707

ay
re}
<
ul
DQ
Zz
>
Zz
ray
m
2
m
UD
ce}
a
a

SLN3IW3LVLS TWIDNYNIS

NOILVWYOINI Y3HLO

CHIEF EXECUTIVE'S REVIEW

"In 2023, Vistry established its
position as the country’s leading
Partnership business. The Group
successfully integrated Countryside
Partnerships, and in September
updated its strategy to fully focus
on its high growth, capital light
Partnerships model."

GREG FITZGERALD
Chief Executive Officer

It has been another busy year at Vistry as we have
implemented change and navigated market challenges, and
1am very grateful to all of Vistry’s employees and our partners
for their hard work and commitment.

In 2023, Vistry established its position as the country’s leading
Partnerships business, The Group successfully integrated
Countryside Partnerships, and in September updated

its strategy to fully focus on its high growth, capital light
Partnerships model, We have made significant progress since
then, with the organisational changes implemented, and

the transition of the former Housebuilding land bank
progressing well.

6 | Vistry Group PLC

Our purpose as a responsible developer is to work in
partnership to deliver sustainable homes, communities, and
social value, leaving a lasting legacy of places people love
We see high demand for mixed tenure housing and
regeneration across the country and are uniquely placed

to deliver on this market opportunity, helping address the
country's significant need for affordable housing.

Our Partnerships model is positioned to deliver sustained
growth and market resilience through the cycle. The model
provides visibility of future revenue and enables us to deliver
new homes at greater scale and pace. We work in partnership
on each of our developments, with a target of c. 65% of the
total homes across our portfolio of developments presold to
our partners - our Partner Funded sales. The further c. 35%
of new homes are sold in the Open Market to private buyers,
resulting in a significantly lower proportion of private sales at
Vistry than in a traditional housebuilder model.

We have an excellent track record of working with Registered
Providers (RPs), Local Authorities (LAs) and the Private
Rented Sector (PRS) and this is reflected in our established
and trusted relationships across the sector. We work closely
with Homes England, and grant funding from the Affordable
Housing Programme is a key part of our business model

Delivering high quality homes and excellent customer service
remains paramount and later this month we expect to be
awarded a 5-star HBF Customer Satisfaction rating for the
fifth consecutive year.

We are pleased to report our highest ever number of Pride
in the Job quality awards at 40 (2022: 29), with a further 15
Seals of Excellence. In addition, our site teams have been
awarded nine Premier Guarantee and seven LABC Bricks Site
Recognition awards during 2023.

The Group has a clear set of medium-term financial targets.
Our Partnerships business is a high growth, capital light
model and the delivery of a 40% return on capital employed
is a key priority. During the year we also confirmed our capital
allocation policy and our target to distribute £lbn of capital
to our shareholders over the next three years.

2023 REVIEW

The resilience of our Partnerships model was clearly
demonstrated in 2023. The Group delivered a total of

16,118 new homes, down only 5.4% on prior year proforma,
outperforming the wider peer group. Excluding the former
Housebuilding business, the Partnerships business delivered
year on year growth in revenue against proforma 2022, and
maintained a ROCE of c. 40%.

The transition to a fully Partnerships business made
significant progress, and 67% (10,722) of the total homes
delivered were Partner Funded with 33% (5,396), Open
Market sales. In the year, the Group's sales rate averaged 0.96
(2022: 0.71) sales per week per site, with the sales rate for
our differentiated Partnerships business higher than that for
traditional housebuilding.

We saw good levels of demand throughout the year for
Partner Funded sales. Demand from RPs for additional
affordable homes beyond Section 106 (S106) sales
remained robust, with For Profit Registered Providers
(FPRPS), a smaller but high growth sub-sector of this
market, demonstrating particularly strong demand

Demand from PRS was more constrained during the year
reflecting the sector's greater sensitivity to the higher
interest rate environment. We were pleased to see a step-
up in demand from PRS in Q4 2023 which has continued
into 2024.

We were pleased to announce a significant new agreement
with PRS provider, Leaf Living and RP, Sage Homes in
November for the sale of over 2,800 homes with a total
gross development value of c. £800m. The units, which
were formerly part of the Group's Housebuilding land bank,
are located across c. 70 developments, with delivery by the
end of 2025.

During the year, the Group secured an additional £87m
of affordable housing grant funding under our Strategic
Partnership with Homes England taking the Group's
total grant funding under the current Affordable Homes
Programme, running to 2026, to £170m. The use of grant
funding plays an important part in supporting many of
our Partner Funded development opportunities,
particularly when accessing the growing for profit
registered provider sector.

Open Market demand from private buyers remained
suppressed during 2023 with our private sales rate
significantly below prior years. This reflected higher
mortgage borrowing costs, inflationary cost pressures
‘on household income and wider macroeconomic and
political uncertainty. The Group used incentives of up to
c. 5% of the Open Market sales price to support demand
during the year.

The Group's total average selling price in 2023 was
£276k (2022 proforma: £289k), with our Partner Funded
average selling price at £222k (2022 proforma: £194k)
and Open Market average selling price at £390k (2022
proforma: £381k).

The Home Stepper shared equity product, which we have
offered in partnership with Sage Homes since July 2023,
has been successful in helping Open Market buyers with
lower incomes and smaller deposits afford their own home.
Since launch, we have taken over 450 reservations using
the Home Stepper product.

Group adjusted revenue increased by 30% to £4,042.1m
(2022: £3,15.1m) reflecting a full year of results for the
enlarged Group. On a proforma basis, adjusted revenue
decreased by 9%. On a reported basis, the Group delivered
revenue of £3,564.2m (2022: £2,771.3m).

EXECUTIVE LEADERSHIP TEAM (ELT)

The Group operates through its Board of Directors with
day-to-day management and operation delegated to the
Chief Executive Officer (CEO) and the ELT. The CEO leads,

and is a member of, the ELT.

XN; UN

“ N

1. EARL SIBLEY 2. TIM LAWLOR
Chief Operating Officer Chief Financial Officer
3. CLARE BATES 4, MICHAEL STIRROP

General Counsel & Chief Commercial Officer

Group Company Secretary

6. MIKE WOOLLISCROFT
Group Business Improvement
Director & London Divisional Chair

5. STEPHEN TEAGLE
Chief Executive - Partnerships

@® ELT biographies are available at wwwvistrygroup.co.uk/
about-us/leadership/executive-leadership-team.

Annual Report and Accounts 2023 | 7

SLHONMHODIH £707

4
2
>
2
m
fa)
5
a
faa
3
°
x
3

SLNAW3LVLS TWIDNVNIS 1YOd34 JDNVNY3ZA0D

NOILVWYOINI Y3HLO

Radclyffe Green, Chadderton, Greater Manchester

Against a backdrop of inflationary cost pressures, we
continue to take a very proactive approach to managing
our cost base. The Group procures c. 90% of its construction
materials centrally and benefits from its scale and its
growth strategy. In addition, given our high level of
visibility on forward sales and build programme under our
Partnerships model, we are able to offer greater continuity,
certainty and longevity of work to our supply chain which
helps us to negotiate competitive terms. In the year, the
Group offset inflationary build cost increases post the

cost benefit of synergies from the combination with
Countryside (the Combination). The Group renegotiated

its supply contracts in the second half of the year and
expects continued benefit from these throughout 2024.

During 2023, the Group achieved synergy savings

from the Combination of c. £50m, ahead of the £25m
targeted for 2023 at the time of the acquisition, as the
integration progressed at a faster pace than expected.
Our expectations for future annualised savings as a

result of the Combination remain unchanged at c. £60m
In addition, we expect to deliver c, £15m of cost savings

in 2024 from our simplified operating structure under our
new fully Partnerships strategy, with the full run rate of

c. £25m to be achieved by the end of 2024.

Group adjusted profit before tax was in line with prior
year at £419.1m (2022: £418.4m), with adjusted earnings
per share of 88.2p (2022: 137.5p) down 36% on prior year.
Ona reported basis, the Group delivered profit before tax
of £304.8m (2022: £247.5m) and earnings per share of
64.6p (2022: 86.5p). This was after exceptional expenses
of £65.6m (2022: £153.8m) comprising £46.3m relating to
integration and restructuring costs, and a further £19.3m in
relation to fire safety provisions.

8 | Vistry Group PLC

The Group had a net debt position as at 31 December 2023
of £88.8m (31 December 2022: net cash £118.2m). This was
a significant reduction from the Group's net debt position
as at 30 June 2023 of £328.7m. The Group is committed to
maintaining a strong balance sheet and is targeting a year
end net cash position as at 31 December 2024 and the
elimination of average net debt in the medium term.

The Group delivered a return on capital employed in the
year of 21.3% (2022: 25.0%) down on prior year reflecting
increased capital employed and lower volumes in the
legacy Housebuilding business as a result of tougher
market conditions. Delivering a 40% ROCE is a key priority
for the Group. We are targeting a reduction in capital
employed during 2024 whilst growing the business, and
are confident of achieving our 40% ROCE target in the
medium term,

FIRE SAFETY AND REQUIREMENT FOR
SECOND STAIRCASE

Vistry Group is committed to playing its part in delivering
a lasting industry solution to fire safety and on 13 March
2023, signed the Department for Levelling Up, Housing and
Communities’ Developer Remediation Contract.

The Group's fire safety provision as at 31 December 2023
totalled £289.0m and we remain confident this will
cover the cost of fire safety works in accordance with the
Group's obligations. We continue to make good progress
with the remediation works which are managed by our
dedicated team.

In addition, the Group has been contributing approximately
4% of relevant profits through the Residential Property
Developer Tax (RPDT) since its introduction on | April 2022,
with a total of c. £20.2m paid to date. RPOT is intended to
raise at least £2bn from the industry over a ten-year period
to fund the cost of remediating fire safety issues which have
been borne by the government.

In 2023 we have recognised a further expense of £19.3m,
principally due to the additional requirements for second
staircases in high-rise residential schemes. This represents
additional costs to be incurred on sites we are committed
to build and to reduce the value of some inventory on the
impacted sites.

COMPETITION AND MARKETS AUTHORITY
(CMA) HOUSEBUILDING MARKET STUDY
We welcome many of the findings in the CMA’s final
market study report published on 26 February 2024

and believe Vistry's differentiated Partnerships model

is well aligned with its recommendations in respect of
planning and management companies. We also agree with
recommendations that would continue to drive quality
through the sector and operate under the consumer
code and have registered under the New Homes
Ombudsman Scheme.

Vistry has participated positively in this year-long market
study and will continue to engage proactively with the CMA
on its further investigation and ongoing work with the sector.

VISTRY WORKS

The Group has made significant progress with its timber
frame operations and capability during the year. Increasing
the use of timber frame construction is a key part of our
operational and sustainability strategy. There is clear
environmental benefit to using timber frame over traditional
brick and block construction methods, with the embodied
carbon associated with the timber frame construction of a
typical low-rise house over a 60-year life shown to be

30% lower than that from a traditionally constructed
equivalent house.

CHIEF EXECUTIVE'S REVIEW
continued

We were pleased to re-open and deliver more than 300
units last year from our Vistry Works, East Midlands timber
frame manufacturing plant following the completion of a
strategic review. Combined with our factories in Warrington
and Leicester, the Group currently has the capacity to
deliver c. 8,000 units from its operations. As planned, in
2023 we delivered 2,500 timber frame units and we expect
this to step up to over 4,000 units in 2024, as we increase
production towards capacity and beyond.

We are manufacturing open panel and hybrid panel
timber frames for Vistry business units across the country
and our product includes standard house types for our
affordable housing range and all three of our brands:
Bovis Homes, Linden Homes and Countryside Homes

We have also introduced roof trusses and floor cassettes
to our production lines, with full integration of production
of this line being effective from H2 2024 onwards.

We are committed to a programme of training and
development in 2024 and further implementation of
enhanced systems to ensure we drive efficiency and
deliver the highest standard product.

VISTRY INNOVATION CENTRE

We were delighted to open the Vistry Innovation Centre on
1 February this year at Vistry Works, East Midlands. Using our
most plotted Vistry house type, the Eveleigh, the Innovation
Centre showcases innovative solutions for Future Homes
Standard and beyond, working with 18 different trades and
54 suppliers. Featuring over 100 different products, the
technology includes Modern Methods of Construction,
multiple different heating solutions, smart technology and
sustainable building materials.

Stoneleigh View Sales Centre

Annual Report and Accounts 2023 | 9

SLHOITIHDIH E707

Q
3°
<
m
2
Zz
>
Zz
fal
m
2
m
v
°
2
a

SLN3W3LVLS IVIDNVNIS

NOILVWYOINI YSHLO

CHIEF EXECUTIVE'S REVIEW
continued

SUSTAINABILITY

Sustainability is at the core of our business model

and in the year, we have made good progress with our
sustainability strategy. | am delighted to be a member

of our new Sustainability Committee where | am joined
by colleagues from across the business to debate and
drive forward our sustainability agenda. The Committee is
chaired by the Group's COO, Earl Sibley.

Following the Combination, we carried out a double
materiality assessment which involved engagement with
340 of our stakeholders including our partners, our supply
chain and our shareholders. This process identified the
sustainability issues most important to our Group and
helped design our revised sustainability strategy for the
enlarged Group.

During the year, we launched our Carbon Action Plan
which is focused on measure, reduce, report and provides
a consistent approach to emissions reduction across our
regional businesses. We reset our science-based targets,
including setting our commitment to achieve net zero
carbon by 2040.

Our partners place great importance on developing
sustainable communities as they look to future proof their
housing stock and offer the best solutions available to the
local communities and their customers today. On a number
of developments, we are working ahead of standards,
including the delivery of 600 zero carbon (in-use) homes on
current projects. This provides Vistry with valuable learning
opportunities and best prepares us for forthcoming
regulatory changes.

Dracan Village, Burton-on-Trent

BOARD UPDATE

The Board is making good progress with its search for
an experienced Senior Independent Director and up to
two additional, high calibre Independent Non-Executive
Directors of the Company, and will update on these
appointments in due course.

CURRENT TRADING AND OUTLOOK

We are encouraged by the increase in the Group's sales rate
since the start of the year to 0.72 (FY23: 0.61) sales per week
per site. The Group is on track to deliver a strong growth

in completions in 2024, targeting in excess of 17,500 units,
underpinned by its forward sales position totalling £4.6bn,
‘of which £2.1bn is for delivery in 2024.

We have seen a notable pick-up in demand from PRS
providers in recent months, and the easing of mortgage
rates at the start of the year has had a positive impact on
Open Market demand. We are optimistic that this trend will
continue during 2024.

We continue our transition to a capital light Partnerships
model and are targeting the release of capital through a
series of initiatives. We remain confident of driving towards
our 40% ROCE target in the medium term.

GREG FITZGERALD
Chief Executive Officer

14 March 2024

10 I Vistry Group PLC