Vistry

ANNUAL REPORT
AND ACCOUNTS 2025

VISTRY GROUP PLC

WUT

*AF465MCY*

AOS 13/06/2026 #35
COMPANIES HOUSE

SATURDAY

2025 HIGHLIGHTS

Adjusted Reported revenue Completions

revenue

£4,155.3m | | £3,613.7m | | 15,658

£4,329.2m 2024 £3,779.3m 2026 17,225 2024 |
“Adjusted” Operating Owned and

operating profit profit controlled plots

£353.8m £222.6m 71,501

£€358.2m 2024 £167.0m 2024 74,020 2024

Adjusted Profit HBF customer

profit before tax before tax satisfaction score

£268.8m £196.2m 5-star

£263.5m 2024 £104.9m 2024 5-star 2024

Adjusted basic Basic earnings Return on capital

earnings per share per share employed (ROCE)

59.3p 42.2p 13.9%

55.9p 2024 22.0p 2024 14.6% 2024

Adjusted measures

In addition to the IFRS (reported) measures disclosed throughout the Annual Report and Accounts, the Group uses certain
non-IFRS alternative performance (adjusted) measures to assess the operational performance of the Group. Definitions of
the adjusted measures and the reconciliations to the reported measures are detailed on pages 32 to 35.

Vistry Group PLC

Dracan Village at Drakelow Park, Burton-on-Trent

Dracan Village is a major development located in
the south-east of Burton-on-Trent. The site is being
transformed into a vibrant, multi-brand and multi-
tenure community, led by Countryside Partnerships
and Bovis Homes (part of Vistry). The scheme

will deliver over 2,000 homes across a variety of
tenures, including open market sale, affordable
housing, and private rental

REPORTING

We hope you enjoy reading this Annual Report
and Accounts. To make it easier for you to use and
to find more information, please (ook out for the
following references for further reading.

REFERENCE ICONS

Page number reference
> See pages 18 to 2!

® west pate
vistry.co.uk/strategy

CONTENTS

2025 HIGHLIGHTS Cover
STRATEGIC REPORT

Our Group at a glance 2
Chair's statement (inc. Section 172(1) Statement)

Chief Executive's review

Market environment 4
Business model and strategy 18
Our key performance indicators 2
Financial review 24
How the numbers are calculated 322
Sustainabitity report 36

Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) 44

Non-financial and sustainability information statement 33
Risk management 54
Our principal risks 56
Viability and going concern statements 83
GOVERNANCE REPORT

‘Chairs governance letter to shareholders 66
Board of Directors 68
Governance at a glance 70
Board leadership and Company purpose n
Stakeholder Engagement 78
The Board and culture 82
Composition, succession and evaluation 84
Nomination Committee report 90
Audit Committee report is
Remuneration Committee report 104
Directors' remuneration report 108
Remuneration policy 120
Directors’ report Rs
Directors’ responsi ies statement 32
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Independent auditors’ report 134
Group statement of profit or toss and other 6
comprehensive income

Statement of financial position 7
Group statement of changes in equity 148
Company statement of changes in equity “9
‘Statement of cash flows 150
Notes to the financial statements 151
OTHER INFORMATION

Five-year record 203
Shareholder information 204
Glossary 205

Annual Report and Accounts 20251

180d3¥ JONYNY3ZAOD

’ NOILVWYOINI Y3HLO | SLN3W3LVLS TVIDNVNIF

3
8
a
=
fa}
x
fa)
x
ba
a

180434 DIDALVYLS

OUR GROUP AT A GLANCE

A LEADING HOMEBUILDER, DEVELOPING IN PARTNERSHIP

At Vistry, our purpose as a responsible developer is to work in partnership
to deliver sustainable homes, communities and social value, leaving a lasting
legacy of places pcople love.

Our mixed-tenure Partnerships model delivers

high-quality affordable, private rented and private
for sale new homes, uniquely aligning Vistry with the

country's acute housing needs. Vi st ry

On our developments, we pre-sell a proportion of
our new homes to our partners including registered
providers, local authorities and private

rented sector providers. % LE
ts"
Bovis # Homes
Through our leading consumer brands, Bovis Homes, Est. 1885

Linden Homes and Countryside Homes, we sell quality
new homes to private buyers.

Linden

We invest in an owned, controlled and strategic Homes
landbank of high-quality development opportunities
that support the Group’s future housing delivery.

oe.
We pride ourselves on building excellence, on driving rd
forward future homes standards, and delivering the COUNTRYSIDE
highest level of customer satisfaction. Homes

Vistry Works, our three timber frame factories, are at the .
core of our operational and sustainability strategy. Co un t is ys I d e
Partnerships

Our Partnerships approach means we can build new
homes faster, drive efficiency, and deliver a higher

return on capital employed.

2 Vistry Group PLC

R DELIVERY OUR BUSINESS

15.6k+ homes 25 regional gy
delivered in 2025 business units

SLHONMHODIH $707

QAR
an a
Delivering 1 in every OY Working with

,

7 new affordable homes 140+ partners
z
a | -
ies = |
, eS &
c. 4,400 direct 8 Vistry 8
employees Skills Academies a

:

@ 2 , Q

x“ 3

330+ active — 71k+ owned and 5

developments controlled land plots m

2

3

;
HBF =. ft)

KKK 2

5-star HBF Customer “™""""™ 3 timber frame z

Satisfaction manufacturing factories 4

5

OUR BRAND VALUE 3

s, z

XA, at 3

3 leading consumer Bovis ¥ Homes Linden  countaysive °

> est. 188 Homes Homes —

housebuilder brands °

z

3

z

OUR ETHOS AND VALUES _ Doing the right thing is at the core of Vistrys Q

: ethos as we endeavour to do the right thing for =

x

fo)

Zz

thin and Quality, instilling them into all aspects

of our day-to-day activities.

Do the q our partners, our customers, our people and our .
« shareholders across all aspects of our operations.
right ( We live our shared values of Integrity, Caring —-

Annual Report and Accounts 2025 3

CHAIR'S STATEMENT

GREG FITZGERALD
Executive Chair and CFO

BUSINESS PERFORMANCE

2025 marked a year of good progress for Vistry and its
differentiated mixed-tenure housing model. Our full year
results were in line with guidance, assisted by a particularly
strong second haif performance despite continued challenges
in the Open Market and the uncertainty related to the
November Budget, which delayed the timing of some Partner
Funded deals. The Group delivered one in seven of the
country’s affordable homes, which demonstrates the crucial
role the business plays in building the homes the UK so
desperately needs,

Vistry starts 2026 in a good place. After stabilising, simplifying
and reorganising the business in the first half of 2025, the
Group is leaner and more efficient, with each division led by
Chairs with extensive Partnerships experience. This allows us
to accelerate our strategy with conviction. In the light of the
issues identified in the former South division in 2024, the
Board oversaw significant enhancements to the control
environment across our finance, commercial and people
functions. These improvements are now embedded within
our standard procedures, supported by robust processes
that ensure readiness for Provision 29 of the UK Corporate
Governance Code (the Code).

‘On behalf of the Board, | would like to thank all our people.
These results are testament to the incredible hard work of our
teams and demonstrate the resilience of our differentiated
market positioning and the commitment of our partners.

AFFORDABLE HOUSING UPDATE

We welcome the firm commitments in recent government
announcements, inctuding clarity on rent convergence,

all aimed at creating investment capacity for Affordable
Housing Providers. This, together with the increased funding
and visibility from the 10 year Social and Affordable Homes
Programme (SAHP) 2026-2036, will drive a step-up in market
activity in 2026 and beyond. Vistry, as a leading provider of
affordable, mixed-tenure housing is uniquely positioned to play
a key role in the delivery of this programme and presents us a
huge opportunity.

4 Vistry Croup PLC

The Group has created a joint venture, PlacePoint, with Homes
England, the government's housing and regeneration agency, to
accelerate the development of large-scale residential sites across
England. PlacePoint has recently passed a significant milestone
with its first site acquisition and there is a pipeline of further
development sites.

A RESPONSIBLE DEVELOPER

Vistry is a responsible developer with a strong social purpose.
Working in partnership, the Group is committed to delivering
sustainable new homes and communities where people love to live.

We work relentlessly to maintain high safety standards across

our sites, creating safer working environments for our workforce
and supply chain partners. These standards have enabled us to
consistently maintain an Accident Incident Rate (AIR) below the
construction industry benchmark. Vistry commenced the year with
an AIR of 210, already significantly below the Health and Safety
Executive (HSE) construction industry benchmark of 341, and we
closed the year with an improved AIR of 197,

In 2025, Vistry was pleased to launch an updated People Strategy
focusing on key areas such as employee experience, our leadership
and career framework and future talent and succession.

Leading the way as a responsible developer, Vistry proactively
engaged with the UK Competition and Market Authority (CMA)
throughout its housebuilding sector investigation; now concluded.
In July, the Group, along with six other housebuilders, confirmed its
voluntary commitments offered in response to this investigation
which will be used to support the, construction of affordable homes.

We continue to work with our partners to obtain a more holistic
understanding of the value generated by our mixed-tenure
developments and their wider societal impact, As a result of our
partnered work to co-create induced tenure values, social value
activities and capturing all our local supply chain spend, the Group
generated £815m of local and induced social and economic value
in 2025.

In the year, we completed more than 1,100 zero-carbon-ready
(regulated energy) homes and have a clear plan to reduce our future
carbon emissions across the Group. Vistry is pleased to receive
external recognition for our sustainability targets and actions; this
includes an A- score in the COP Climate Change, signalling our
leadership and implementation of current best practices.

AWARDED A- IN CLIMATE
CHANGE BY CDP FOR 2025

CAPITAL ALLOCATION

A strong balance sheet is a top priority for the Group, and given
the competing requirements for capital, the Board regularly
reviews its capital allocation policy. In 2025, the Group has been
oble Lo invest In new land and development opportunities tor

our future growth, execute the ongoing share buyback programme
while reducing the level of net debt at 31 December 2025.

We have £29m of the existing share buyback programme still
to go, which is expected to conclude during 2026, at which
point the Board will review subsequent distributions.

A reduction in our capital employed and the associated
deleveraging of our balance sheet is our highest priority in
the current year, and we expect to end the year with a net
cash position, with much reduced average daily debt levels in
the second half

GOVERNANCE

I have held the combined role of Executive Chair and

CEO since the 2024 Annual General Meeting. The Board
acknowledges the requirement of the Code to keep these
roles separate, and the decision to combine these roles was
taken after much consideration and believed to be in the
best interests of the Group at that time.

Rob Woodward, the Senior Independent Director of the
Group, a rote he has held since May 2024, continues to
undertake enhanced responsibilities given the combined
Executive Chair and CEO role. Rob has led the development
of the CEO succession plan to ensure we are prepared for a
smooth transition in leadership when the time comes.

In October 2025, we welcomed Sue Farr to the Board who
strengthens the Board with her extensive UK plc boardroom
and marketing experience.

B Further details on this and other Board changes during
the year are included in the Chair's governance letter to
shareholders on pages 66 to 67.

SECTION 172(1) STATEMENT

The Board of Directors, both collectively and individually,
confirm that in the year under review, it has acted to
promote the long-term success of the Company for the
benefits of its members as a whole and other stakeholders.
The Board understands all of its duties under the Articles of
Association and those codified in taw, namely section

171 to 177 Companies Act 2006 and, in particular, has due
regard to the matters set out in section I72(I){a) to (fl of
the Companies Act 2006 (Section 172(1)). This Section 172(1)
statement should be read in conjunction with pages 75 to
81 of the Governance Report.

LOOKING FORWARD

The Board remains focused on driving performance towards
its medium-term targets. Our current divisional structure
has the capacity to deliver around 20,000 units per annum
and our returns-based model is expected to achieve a 40%
return on capital employed and a 12% adjusted operating
margin in the medium term.

In the short term, while near-term market conditions

remain challenging, the Board is supportive of our focus on
strengthening the balance sheet, accelerating capital release
from our inventory by driving higher sales rates and hence
reducing debt. We look forward to an exciting year in 2026 as
we move into the much-needed Affordable Housing delivery
phase alongside our partners.

ji
GREG FITZGERALD
Executive Chair and CEO

3 March 2026

DELIVERING Scasesruny |

MEANINGFUL IMPACT:
VISTRY'S COLLABORATION WITH
CANCER RESEARCH UK

In 2025, Vistry partnered with Cancer Research

UK (CRUK) as its Charity of the Year following a
colleague-ted nomination and voting process.

The partnership supported the Group's ESG priorities
by promoting colleague engagement, community
impact and health and wellbeing, in line with Vistry's
values of integrity, caring and quality.

Colleagues across the Group raised £760,411
through a structured programme of national and
regional fundraising activities, representing one

of CRUK's largest employee-led fundraising totals
ina single year. A further £37,000 was generated
through donation stations for CRUK retail shops.
Activities were delivered inclusively across regions
and functions and, in many cases, in collaboration
with supply chain partners, extending the reach and
impact of the programme.

In addition to fundraising, the partnership focused

on delivering longer-term social value through
improved health awareness. Vistry participated

in CRUK's Cancer Awareness in the Workplace
Programme, providing colleagues with access to
health communications, webinars, awareness sessions
and onsite nurse visits. These initiatives supported
early intervention, prevention and screening
awareness, contributing to a healthier and more
informed workforce,

The partnership demonstrates Vistry’s commitment
to responsible business practices, meaningful
community engagement and the delivery of
high-quality outcomes with measurable social impact.

West London cycle ride to Paris:

Senior Site Manager Tim Dore, Project Manager Liam D'Unienvitte,
‘Associate Construction Director lan arvis, Senior Development Manager
Guy Batmford, Assistant Quantity Surveyor Jason Platfard, Senior Site
‘Manager Rolands Metkis from West London and ELT’ Chief Strategy
Officer, Mike Wooltiscroft

Do the right thing

Annual Report and Accounts 2025 5

SLHONMHOIH S707

a
4
2
>
Lay
m
(a)
ta
a
m
+]
°
2
ba}

14Od3¥ JDNVNY3AOD

SLN3W3LVLS TVIDNVNIS

NOILVAYOSNI Y3HLO

CHIEF EXECUTIVE'S REVIEW

2025 OVERVIEW

Vistry’s financial performance in 2025 was in line with the
expectations set at the beginning of the year, with the
Group delivering adjusted profit before tax of £268.8m
(2024: £263.5m).

The Group delivered total adjusted revenue of £4.2bn

(2024: £4.3bn) which was achieved on 15,658 completions
(2024: 17,225). The Group's average selling price (ASP)
increased by 3% to £282k, reflecting geographic mix
improvements in our Partner Funded units and a slight shift
towards larger Open Market homes. Partner Funded units
represented 74% of total completions, with Open Market
accounting for 26%, consistent with ongoing macro-economic
constraints within the private market. The delay to the
Autumn Budget resulted in subdued Partner Funded and
Open Market activity in Q3 and the first part of Q4. Despite
this, the Group's overall sales rate averaged 0,96 (2024: 1.07)
sales per site per week. In line with our strategy to optimise
capital, land sales contributed £180m of revenue (FY24: E9Im),
predominantly parcels of land on larger sites which the Group
does not intend to develop in their entirety.

The Group reduced year end net debt in 2025, despite market
headwinds, with net debt at 3! December 2025 of £144.2m

(30 December 2024: £180.7m) representing a £36.5m inflow
(2024: £91.9m outflow). Average daily debt of £734m

(2024: £698m) was higher than targeted, due to the delay of a
number of Partner Funded deals towards the end of the year,
as well as challenging Open Market conditions impeding the
pace of inventory reduction. It is worth noting that, to support
long-term growth, the business selectively took advantage

ot a subdued land market, securing c.9,500 plots on 30 sites
in the second half of the year (2025: 12,599 plots, 44 sites),
including three large strategic sites representing c.5,000 plots
acquired on favourable terms immediately ahead of

the Budget

6 Vistry Croup PLC

As a responsible developer, we work in partnership to
deliver sustainable homes, communities and social value.
leaving a lasting legacy of places peopte love. Vistry is ideally
positioned to play a key rote in addressing the countrys acute
housing need. Our differentiated Partnerships strategy is
closely aligned with the £39bn Social and Affordable Homes
Programme (SAHP) that was announced in June, and the
Group has recently heen invited to submit bids for the SAHP,
We expect that early allocations will be confirmed by the half
year or early in the third quarter.

The Group welcomes the modernising and streamtining of the
planning system as part of the refreshed National Planning
Policy Framework, currently under consultation. As with all
these initiatives, we are encouraging pace of decision-making
and process in order to accelerate the much-needed step-up
in housebuilding,

PARTNER FUNDED DEMAND

Partner Funded demand strengthened throughout the year as
visibility on funding improved, particularly following the £2bn
of ‘top-up’ funding announced In March to support ongoing
investment in new affordable homes during the transitionary
period to the new SAHP. The Group received an allocation

of £50m, and we expect to receive payment relating to this
allocation from Aprit 2026.

In the year, we signed more than 1SO new agreements
with over 65 partners which include Registered Providers
(RPs), Local Authorities (LAs) and Private Rented Sector
(PRS) providers.

Partner Funded completions decreased by 8% to 11,593
(2024: 12,633), impacted by uncertainty in partner funding

in the year to the Autumn Budget. In the latter part of the
second half, we saw a significant step-up in affordable
housing volumes as certainty of future funding improved
following June's Spending Review. Our Partner Funded ASP
increased to £246k (2024: £236k), primarily reflecting changes
in geographic mix as London increased its share of Partner
Funded completions.

The PRS market was subdued in 2025, following a strong
2024, as some partners paused detivery while refinancing,
This contributed to a 23% reduction in PRS volumes versus
the prior year and PRS sales fell to 18% of total completions
(down from 21% in 2024). $106 affordable homes represented
26% of total units in 2025 (2024: 27%) and additional
affordable was 30% (2024: 25%) of total units. The Group
expects pricing amongst PRS partners to strengthen in 2026,
supported by increased demand for portfolio-based delivery
and the opportunity to acquire assets through our presold
model which provides visibility and consistency of product.

In November 2025, Homes England issued bidding guidance
under the £37bn 2026-2036 SAHP, confirming bids would be
invited early in 2026, Vistry is well positioned to deliver at
pace with Homes England, the Greater London Authority and
our other partners, with the programme targeting 300,000
homes over its term. Bidding opened at the end of February
for Hames Fngland’s part of the SAHP, and our bid is in the
process of being submitted. We are hoping to have a high
degree of visibility of Vistry’s grant under the programme by
the half year.

Akey driver of affordable housing delivery in London will be
the government's measures to recapitalise RPs and LAs.

The 10 year CPI+1% rent settlement from April 2026, together
with confirmation of rent convergence, which will atlow
El/week increases from April 2027 and £2/week from April
2028, provides tong term revenue certainty for providers.
These measures are expected to increase annual affordable
housing delivery from ¢.59,000 homes in the year to March
2025 to c:70,000 homes, and to support LAs in returning to
the market as active developers and investors.

OPEN MARKET DEMAND

Open Market units decreased 11% to 4,065 (2024: 4,592),
reflecting an 8% reduction in average sales outlets. Our
sales rates were impacted by ongoing macro-economic
constraints and mortgage affordability pressures, particularly
for first-time buyers.

The Group's Open Market average sales price increased to
£391k (2024: £385k), reflecting small changes in product mix.
We continued to support Open Market sales with incentives
averaging 4.5% of the Open Market sales price, broadly in line
with the prior year.

HOMES ENGLAND JOINT VENTURE

The Group is pleased to have entered into a long-term
investment joint venture during 2025 with Homes England,
the government's housing and regeneration agency,

to accelerate the development of large-scale residential
sites across England, The joint venture, PlacePoint (previously
known as Hestia) is backed by £150m of available capital
investment and is designed to deliver high-quality, mixed
tenure communities at pace and scale. It is expected to
play a key role in supporting the government's housebuilding
ambitions.

The focus is on the acquisition and development of strategic
sites, each ranging from 400 to 3,000 homes, and will
incorporate vital new infrastructure. In addition, the joint
venture will sell parcels of land on our larger sites to SME
developers, reflecting our joint commitment to supporting
the wider housing sector and enabling greater market
participation. The first site transferred into the joint venture
in December 2025, and the Group is continuing to review a
pipeline of further suitable sites.

BUILD AND VISTRY WORKS

The Group operated from an average 338 (2024: 367) build
outlets during 2025 which included 187 (2024: 203) active
sales outlets, in line with our expectations as we continue
to unwind the former Housebuilding land bank. Build
outlets include sites which are not currently selling to the
Open Market, either because Open Market sales are yet to
commence, or have atready been completed. Build outlets
also include sites which are 100% Partner Funded and
therefore have no Open Market sales.

EXECUTIVE LEADERSHIP TEAM (ELT)

The Group operates through its Board of Directors with day-
to-day management and operation delegated to the Chief
Executive Officer (CEO) and the ELT. The CEO leads, and is a
member of, the ELT.

GREG FITZGERALD
Executive Chair &
Chief Executive Officer

TIM LAWLOR
Chief Financial Officer

CLARE BATES
Chief People Officer &
General Counsel

MICHAEL STIRROP
Chief Commercial Officer

STEPHEN TEAGLE
CEO Partnerships &
Regeneration

MIKE WOOLLISCROFT
Chief Strategy Officer

JAMES WARRINGTON ADAM DANIELS
Executive Chair North, Executive Chair- Yorkshire,
South Midlands & East North Midlands & West

® ELT biographies are available
at wwwvistry.co.uk/about-
us/leadership/executive-
leadership-team.

DANIEL KING
Executive Chair - London

Annual Report and Accounts 2025 7

SLHOITHDIH S707

a
4
2
>
2
m
ta)
a
a
nm
Q
°
2
a

14YOd3Y¥ 3DNYNY3ZAOD

| SLN3W3LVLS TVIDNVNID

NOILVAYOINI Y3HLO

Meridian One, Edmonton, Tottenham

The Group secures c.90% of its materials centrally through

its highly experienced Group commercial team, with supply
contracts typically for 12 to 24 months. The Group largely
managed to mitigate underlying build cost inflation in 2025
through the benetits of scale and certainty inherent in its
Partnerships model and a focus on standardisation of process
and product. This resulted in low single-digit build cost
inflation for the Group.

As we look into 2026, the Group is engaging proactively
with its supply chain partners to mitigate and defer any
potential impact from the cost of materials. Overall, we
expect minimal material and labour cost inflation during
2026 pending improved supply market conditions and
subject to any geopolitical disruptions to the supply chain.

Timber frame construction is at the core of Vistry's
operational and sustainability strategy. Compared to
traditional brick and block construction, timber frame
enables a faster build time of approximately six weeks
and reduces embodied carbon by ¢.30% over a
60-year timeframe. The increased use of timber frame
construction will also reduce the Group’s dependency
‘on labour over the medium term,

Vistry Works had a record year in 2025, delivering 4,643
timber frame units (2024: 2,900). Furthermore, the Group's
operations also manufactured floor joists for 3,763 homes,
showing good growth on the 2,448 delivered in 2024.

The manufacture of roof trusses was added to the production
line towards the end of 2024 and in its first full year we
manufactured over 3,000 units. The Group expects to exceed
6,000 timber frame units and 5,000 roof trusses in 2026,

Despite this significant increase in 2025 volumes and
‘our expectation for 2026, good headroom remains for
us to reach annual targets from our three facilities.
Our current capacity is close to 10,000 timber frame
units and we are reviewing options to widen our
capacity to deliver 10,000 roof trusses. We continue to
focus on the standardisation of house types, white
ensuring the developments we create are characterful
and attractive places that people want to live.

@  Vistry Group PLC

The current Vistry collection of around SO standard house types
will ensure we can drive further manufacturing efficiencies.

In Q3 2025, we launched a new Timber Frame Installer
Programme and have already welcomed I5 trainees into

the business; this was part of our ongoing commitment to
sustainable construction and future skills development.

This initiative helps to address the critical skills gap in
modern methods of construction and ultimately will hetp

to meet the government's housing targets. The programme
uses a combination of classroom-based learning and hands-
on site experience equipping the trainees with the necessary
technical and safety expertise for us to deliver at scale.

We will train a further 15 installers in 2026 and are targeting
25% of all our timber frame installers to be directly employed
over the medium term.

TECHNOLOGY AND INNOVATION

Vistry Innovation Centre (VIC) has recently secured
funding from Innovate UK to pioneer new approaches to
sustainable housebuilding and circular economy practices
as it is deconstructed, This initiative focuses on design-
led deconstruction, aiming to significantly reduce Scope

3 carbon emissions. This is an area that has traditionally
posed challenges in whole-life carbon assessments due to
assumptions of waste disposal and end of life emissions.
The project will not only reduce the carbon footprint for
Vistry and our partners but also offer a competitive edge
for future projects, marking a tangible step towards our
net-zero ambitions.

In 2025, we successfully completed the factory trial of the
Mauer brick cladding system. This has c.50% less embodied
carbon than bricks so it not only reduces our tegacy footprint,
but it also supports our timber frame construction, enaoling
significantly faster build speed and reduces our dependence
on labour. In May, we launched our Future Vistry Works
project at our manufacturing site in East Midlands where we
have been trialling the system on two houses. In October, we
passed an important milestone with the trial moving to a ive
site in Yorkshire and we are targeting utilising this system on a
further 12 sites in 2026

SECURING HIGH QUALITY

PARTNERSHIP OPPORTUNITIES

uring 2025, the Group secured a good pipeline of attractive
new land and development opportunities totalling 12,599
(2024; 16,508) mixed-tenure plots across 44 sites, Vistry

is well positioned to secure land through both public
procurement and the purchase of private land. Activity in
the land market increased significantly in the second half

as we were able to take advantage of a subdued market,
particularly in the run up to the late November budget.
After adding just over 3,000 plots in the first half, we
secured around 9,500 plots in the second half on 30 sites.
This included three large strategic sites in Worcester, Rugeley
and Bury St Edmunds with a combined c.5,000 plots
between them.

Strategic land is an important source of devetopment
opportunities and the Group's strategic land bank
totalled 76,368 plots (31 December 2024: 76,219) as at

31 December 2025. Four sites (621 plots) were transferred
to our owned and controlled land bank in the year, and
we secured new options on sites equating to over 2,500
strategic land plots. With the expectation of a more
favourable planning environment, the Group expects to
increase the pull-through from its strategic land bank over
the medium term.

We are encouraged by the government reforms to the
planning system which are increasingly positive towards
development, and housing in particular. The focus on
streamlining the delivery of new local plans, refreshing the
National Planning Policy Framework and improving planning
committee processes will all make the process of obtaining
planning permissions smoother. Green Belt schemes are

a focus of applications, with the new grey belt definition
effectively fast forwarding a long-awaited wholesale
assessment of the Green Belt and enabling development
‘on the land which is contributing least to the Green Belt.

CHIEF EXECUTIVE'S REVIEW
continued

These changes should enabte the delivery of the much-
needed new homes essential to meet government targets.

HIGH QUALITY HOUSING AND
CUSTOMER SERVICE

Delivering high-quality new homes and excellent customer
service is paramount and we are on track to retain a

S-star HBF Customer Satisfaction rating for the seventh
consecutive year in 2026.

Increased macro uncertainty and ongoing affordability
challenges continued to weigh on the Open Market
sales during 2025. We focused our selling efforts on self-
help initiatives: rolling out training programmes across.
our sales teams, focused incentives for first time buyers
and key workers, and a brand refresh which gives clearer
differentiation across different pricing points.

Our sates contact centre was established early in 2025

with a team of c.25 sales consultants who are now fully
embedded in our regional business units. This enables us

to collect information from sales prospects and follow this
through by making an in-person appointment as the contact
centre team liaise with our regional sales team. Results

are encouraging and we have seen an improvement in our
conversion rate of first contact to appointment on site.

Our Partner Journey provides a simple framework of 16
steps to ensure consistency across all regions and to provide
the highest level of service for our partners. This focus is.
reflected in our Partner Satisfaction scores received for
2025 which showed improvement across Vistry, with 2! of our
25 regions achieving a five-star rating, up from eight regions
in 2024. These satisfaction scores align with the NHBC
survey and include build quality of new homes at handover,
and the service provided post-handover. 97.5% of partners
responding to the survey indicated they would partner with
us again.

Vistry Works Factory, Bardon

Annual Report and Accounts 2025 9

SLHONMHOIH S707

a
4
2
>
bar
m
Q
a
2
3
°
2
ba}

1¥Od34¥ JDNVNYIAOD

SLN3W3LVLS TVIDNVNIS

°
g
x
nm
b
Zz
a
fe}
2
x
2
fo}
z

CONTROL ENHANCEMENTS

The issues identified during the extensive reviews that
followed the control issues in the former South division in
2024 have been addressed successfully. There has been
significant progress made within the business over the last
12 months focused on driving improved assurance activity
and cost management. The flatter management structure
is working well, and ali Divisional Chairs have extensive
Partnership business experience.

Much work has been done to ensure the Group has the right
people, structure, systems and controls in place and this
enhanced framework with tighter controls and assurance is
now firmly embedded in business-as-usual. This includes
the Investment Committee which oversees approval of land
acquisitions and disposals, partner agreements, and other
investment and commercial decisions.

OUR PEOPLE

‘At Vistry, we remain firmly focused on attracting, retaining
and developing the very best talent and our refreshed People
Strategy launched during 2025 is built around three core
priorities to support this. The three priorities, informed by
employee feedback, are: Leadership and Career Framework,
Future Talent, and Succession and Employee Experience.

In January 2026, we were proud to be certified as a lop
Employer by the Top Employer Institute for the fourth
consecutive year. We were’also pleased to be named one
of the Top 50 Inspiring Workplaces in the UK and Ireland
for the second year running and earned a place in the
Global Top 100 Inspiring Workplaces list, reflecting our
ongoing commitment to fostering an outstanding, inclusive
work environment.

Employee engagement remains a key focus area. In July
2025 we partnered with a new engagement survey provider,
CultureAmp, and in our first survey achieved a 76%
participation rate with a 9% favourable score. We believe
this score reflects the difficult year we had in 2024 and the
amount of change within the business, as we worked through
the former South division issues. This score had improved to
62% by November, following the implementatinn of targeted
actions. We have seen a slight increase in our voluntary
einployee lurniover to 18.6% (Dec 2024; 15.4%) and our
stability index (employees with over one year service) has
reduced to 78.0% from 82.3% in December 2024.

Nurturing and supporting employees in their early

careers and skills is critical for the future of our business.
As highlighted earlier, the launch of a pioneering Timber
Frame Installer Programme, the UK's first, led by Vistry
Works is a significant step towards tackling the construction
industry's skills shortage while promoting modern,
sustainable housebuilding.

We were pleased ta retain our gold accreditation
membership with the % Club in 2025, This recognises our
significant contribution to the continued development of
all our employees through Earn & Learn schemes such as
apprenticeships, graduate schemes and sponsored students
course placements.

SOCIAL VALUE

We continue to work with our partners to obtain a more
holistic understanding of the value generated by our
mixed-tenure developments and their wider societal
impact and deliverables. As a result of our partnered work
to co-create induced tenure values, social value activities
and capturing all our local supply chain spend in 2025, the
Group has generated £815m of local and induced social and
economic value.

Elgar Park, Worcester

10 Vistry Croup PLC