BETA Close X Vistry Group PLC has reported its six-monthly return for the Save As You Earn Share Option Scheme, indicating that as of August 20, 2026, there were 498,965 unallotted securities remaining under the scheme. This balance is unchanged from the previous return, as no new securities were added to the block scheme and no securities were issued or allotted during the period from February 21, 2026, to August 20, 2026. Disclaimer* Vistry Group PLC 20 August 2026 BLOCK LISTING SIX MONTHLY RETURN INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THIS FORM MUST BE TYPED OR PRINTED ELECTRONICALLY AND PROVIDED TO A PIP. (Note: Italicised terms have the same meaning as given in the UK Listing Rules.) Date: 20 August 2026 Name of applicant : Vistry Group PLC Name of scheme: Save As You Earn Share Option Scheme Period of return: From: 21/02/2026 To: 20/08/2026 Balance of unallotted securities under scheme(s) from previous return: 498,965 Plus: The amount by which the block scheme(s) has been increased since the date of the last return (if any increase has been applied for): 0 Less: Number of securities issued/allotted under scheme(s) during period (see UKLR 20.6.7G): 0 Equals: Balance under scheme(s) not yet issued/allotted at end of period: 498,965 Name of contact: Clare Bates Telephone number of contact: 01732 280400 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Vistry Group (VTY) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 hour ago Public Policy Holding Company, Inc. (DI) (REG S, CAT3) 1 hour ago Pulsar Group 1 hour ago Mercia Asset Management 1 hour ago ITM Power 14 hours ago Oxford Nanopore Technologies All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and