Loan Agreements Update Plexus Holdings Plc 22 October 2024 Plexus Holdings PLC / Index: AIM / Epic: POS / Sector: Oil equipment & services This announcement contains inside information. 22 October 2024 Plexus Holdings PLC ('Plexus' or 'the Company') Loan Agreements Update Plexus Holdings PLC, the AIM-traded wellhead services business, is pleased to provide a further update on the 1,550,000 convertible loan notes ("Loan Notes") that were issued in October 2022 at £1 each to raise £1,550,000 for the Company. The issue of the Loan Notes to each of OFM Investment Limited (an entity connected to the van Bilderbeek family), Ben van Bilderbeek, CEO of Plexus, and Jeff Thrall, Non-executive Director of Plexus, (together, the "Noteholders"), provided the Company with additional working capital as Plexus sought to capitalise on the increasing pipeline of opportunities within its markets. The Loan Notes had a two-year term and are repayable in cash or the issue of new ordinary shares in Plexus, subject to certain conditions. Further details of the Loan Notes are set out in the notification released by the Company on 20 October 2022. On 31 January 2024, the Company announced that it had agreed with the Noteholders that it would redeem Loan Notes with an aggregate value of £849,992, through a cash payment of the principal amount plus interest of an amount equal to 20% of the principal amount, in accordance with the terms of the Loan Notes, which resulted in a total cash payment to Noteholders of £1,019,990.40. Following the redemption of these Loan Notes, there were a total of 700,008 Loan Notes outstanding. Following discussions between the Noteholders and the Company, it has been agreed that the maturity date for the remaining 700,008 Loan Notes will be extended for six months, until 19 April 2025 (the "Maturity Date"). The commercial terms of the Loan Notes notified on 20 October 2022 remain in place, save for the change to the Maturity Date and the Loan Note holders now being able to convert the Loan Notes in the following circumstances, subject to certain conditions being satisfied: (i) an offer of new shares to all or substantially all of the then existing shareholders of the Company (but excluding the Noteholders and their connected persons, save to the extent that such offer is not fully subscribed by such shareholders, in which case the offer may be extended to the Noteholders and their connected persons) on a materially pre-emptive basis before the Maturity Date; or (ii) the Company raising new money through one or more issue of shares to any person(s) pursuant to an equity financing (both (i) and (ii) are now considered to be a "Qualifying Financing"); (iii) the passing of all shareholder resolutions required in respect of the Qualifying Financing and the conversion of the Loan Notes; and (iv) the Company, acting in good faith, deeming that any proposed exercise of such rights would not result in an obligation pursuant to Rule 9 of the Takeover Code on any person to extend an offer for all the shares in the Company. Related Party Transaction The Noteholders consist of Jeff Thrall and Ben van Bilderbeek, both of whom are directors and shareholders of the Company, and OFM Investment Limited (a party connected to the Ben van Bilderbeek family), and the amendment to the terms of the Loan Notes (the "Transaction") is deemed to be a related party transaction pursuant to AIM Rule 13 of the AIM Rules for Companies. The Company's directors (excluding Jeff Thrall, Ben van Bilderbeek and Anastasio van Bilderbeek, who are each interested in the Transaction) consider, having consulted with the Company's Nominated Adviser, that the terms of the Transaction are fair and reasonable insofar as the shareholders of the Company are concerned. ENDS For further information please visit www.plexusplc.com or contact: Plexus Holdings PLC Craig Hendrie, CEO Mike Park, CFO Tel: 01224 774222 Cavendish Capital Markets Limited Derrick Lee Adam Rae Tel: 0131 220 6939 St Brides Partners Ltd Isabel de Salis Paul Dulieu Will Turner plexus@stbridespartners.co.uk NOTES Plexus Holdings plc (AIM: POS) https://www.plexusplc.com/ Plexus Holdings plc (AIM: POS) is an IP-led company specialising in developing and providing wellhead systems and associated products and services for offshore operations. Headquartered in Aberdeen, the company focuses on providing wellheads for Jack-up rig operations such as exploration and appraisal drilling, P&A work and emerging markets for CCS, hydrogen production and storage and geothermal. Plexus has a collaboration agreement with SLB to supply Exact adjustable wellhead systems for Jack-up applications and supports these operations with a range of proprietary equipment and tools, and project engineering services. Plexus is known for its highly innovative POS-GRIP® wellhead technology and HG® metal-to-metal sealing systems, for which licences have been sold to major industry players such as SLB and TechnipFMC for limited applications. Plexus continues to develop products based on POS-GRIP technology for challenging surface production wellhead platforms, special projects and connector and subsea applications such as the Python® subsea wellhead system. Plexus has always been at the forefront of innovation to reduce risk and improve performance in the energy industry, such as developing through-BOP wellhead systems which help to prevent blow-outs, and POS-GRIP "HG" Seals which are leak-free throughout field life and so reduce methane emissions and minimise maintenance costs. These innovations support the oil and gas industry's ESG and NetZero, and in recognition of this, Plexus was Awarded the London Stock Exchange's Green Economy Mark in 2021. For more information visit: https://www.plexusplc.com/ This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Plexus Holdings (POS) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 2 hours ago Trekor Metals Limited 2 hours ago Cake Box Holdings 2 hours ago Malvern International 2 hours ago iFOREX Financial Trading Holdings Ltd. 2 days ago Mitie Group All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and