BETA Close X Plexus Holdings Plc has secured a new two-year Framework Agreement for rental wellhead services with a UK North Sea operator, commencing with an initial call-off for a jack-up rig well in Q1 2026 as part of a decommissioning campaign. This agreement, which has no fixed value and will see future equipment and services supplied for additional Plug and Abandonment projects, signals a positive development for the company following a period of lower activity, with potential for further business in 2026 and beyond. Disclaimer* Plexus Holdings Plc 13 November 2025 This announcement contains inside information 13 November 2025 Plexus Holdings PLC ("Plexus" or the "Company") New Wellhead Framework Agreement Plexus Holdings PLC (AIM: POS), the AIM quoted wellhead services business , announces that it has entered into a new Framework Agreement for rental wellhead services with a UK North Sea operator. HIGHLIGHTS · Two-year agreement to provide rental wellhead services and associated equipment for projects in the UK offshore sector. · Initial call-off for a jack-up rig well as part of a decommissioning campaign scheduled for Q1 2026. · Future equipment and services will continue to be supplied for additional Plug and Abandonment ("P&A") projects. Plexus' CEO Craig Hendrie said: "This agreement is a welcome development after a period of lower activity in the North Sea. Market conditions remain uncertain, but we continue to engage with potential customers both in the UK and internationally and we see positive signs and increasing potential for our business as we look ahead to 2026 and beyond." DETAILS Plexus has agreed a two year framework agreement for the supply of rental surface wellhead systems, associated equipment, and offshore support with a UK operator. As a call-off contract with no fixed value, work will proceed according to the operator's project schedule and requirements. Plexus expects that the first order under the contract will commence in Q1 2026. The initial scope of this work will be for the supply of the Exact EX™ surface wellhead system and related equipment for a jack-up rig well in a decommissioning project. Further call-offs for similar projects are expected to follow. The Exact™ EX system is an adjustable surface wellhead that Plexus has optimised for safe and efficient deployment during drilling and abandonment operations. It is reusable, efficient to install, and well suited to decommissioning and P&A work, helping operators reduce rig time, cost, and environmental impact. ENDS For further information please visit www.plexusplc.com or contact: Plexus Holdings PLC Craig Hendrie, CEO Mike Park, CFO Tel: 01224 774222 Cavendish Capital Markets Limited Derrick Lee Tel: 0131 220 6939 St Brides Partners Ltd Isabel de Salis Paul Dulieu Will Turner plexus@stbridespartners.co.uk NOTES Plexus Holdings plc (AIM: POS) is an IP-led company specialising in developing and providing wellhead systems and associated products and services for offshore operations. Headquartered in Aberdeen, the Company focuses on providing wellheads for Jack-up rig operations such as exploration and appraisal drilling, Plug & Abandonment work and emerging markets for Carbon Capture & Storage, hydrogen production and storage and geothermal. Plexus has a collaboration agreement with SLB to supply Exact adjustable wellhead systems for Jack-up applications and supports these operations with a range of proprietary equipment and tools, and project engineering services. Plexus is known for its highly innovative POS-GRIP® wellhead technology and HG® metal-to-metal sealing systems, for which licences have been sold to major industry players such as SLB and TechnipFMC for limited applications. Plexus continues to develop products based on POS-GRIP technology for challenging surface production wellhead platforms, special projects and connector and subsea applications such as the Python® subsea wellhead system. Plexus has always been at the forefront of innovation to reduce risk and improve performance in the energy industry, such as developing through-BOP wellhead systems which help to prevent blow-outs, and POS-GRIP "HG" Seals which are leak-free throughout field life and so reduce methane emissions and minimise maintenance costs. These innovations support the oil and gas industry's ESG and NetZero, and in recognition of this, Plexus was Awarded the London Stock Exchange's Green Economy Mark in 2021. For more information visit: https://www.plexusplc.com/ This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Plexus Holdings (POS) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 2 hours ago Trekor Metals Limited 2 hours ago Cake Box Holdings 2 hours ago Malvern International 2 hours ago iFOREX Financial Trading Holdings Ltd. 2 days ago Mitie Group All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and