Result of General Meeting Plexus Holdings Plc 07 April 2025 Plexus Holdings PLC / Index: AIM / Epic: POS / Sector: Oil equipment & services 7 April 2025 Plexus Holdings PLC ('Plexus' or 'the Company') Result of General Meeting Plexus Holdings PLC, the AIM-traded wellhead services business, is pleased to announce that at the General Meeting ("GM") of the Company held earlier today, all of the resolutions ("Resolutions") proposed at the GM were duly passed. Further details on the Resolutions are set out in the Circular and Notice of Meeting dated 20 March 2025, which is available on the Company's website www.plexusplc.com. The table below shows the votes cast on the Resolutions proposed at the General Meeting: Resolution Total Total Votes For * % For Total Votes Against % Against Total Votes Cast Votes Withheld** 1 60,181,885 99.96% 22,607 0.04% 60,204,492 2,200 2 60,162,600 99.93% 41,892 0.07% 60,204,492 2,200 *Includes discretionary votes **A vote withheld is not a vote in law and is not counted in the calculation of the proportion of votes "For" or "Against" any of the resolutions Following the conversion of the Convertible Loan Notes, the security that was granted to the lenders by way of a first ranking charge over the Company's assets (which was approved by shareholders at the Company's AGM in 2022), has now been released. Admission and dealings in the 67,305,127 New Ordinary Shares are expected to commence at 8.00 a.m. on 8 April 2025. Following Admission, the Enlarged Share Capital of the Company will consist of 172,691,366 Ordinary Shares of 1 pence each. Therefore, the total number of voting rights in the Company is 172,691,366 and this figure may be used by Shareholders as the denominator for the calculations by which they will determine if they are required to notify their interest in the Company, or there is a change to their interest in the Company. ENDS For further information please visit www.plexusplc.com or contact: Plexus Holdings PLC Craig Hendrie, CEO Mike Park, CFO Tel: 01224 774222 Cavendish Capital Markets Limited Derrick Lee Adam Rae Tel: 0131 220 6939 St Brides Partners Ltd Isabel de Salis Paul Dulieu Will Turner plexus@stbridespartners.co.uk NOTES Plexus Holdings plc (AIM: POS) is an IP-led company specialising in developing and providing wellhead systems and associated products and services for offshore operations. Headquartered in Aberdeen, the company focuses on providing wellheads for Jack-up rig operations such as exploration and appraisal drilling, Plug & Abandonment work and emerging markets for Carbon Capture & Storage, hydrogen production and storage and geothermal. Plexus has a collaboration agreement with SLB to supply Exact adjustable wellhead systems for Jack-up applications and supports these operations with a range of proprietary equipment and tools, and project engineering services. Plexus is known for its highly innovative POS-GRIP® wellhead technology and HG® metal-to-metal sealing systems, for which licences have been sold to major industry players such as SLB and TechnipFMC for limited applications. Plexus continues to develop products based on POS-GRIP technology for challenging surface production wellhead platforms, special projects and connector and subsea applications such as the Python® subsea wellhead system. Plexus has always been at the forefront of innovation to reduce risk and improve performance in the energy industry, such as developing through-BOP wellhead systems which help to prevent blow-outs, and POS-GRIP "HG" Seals which are leak-free throughout field life and so reduce methane emissions and minimise maintenance costs. These innovations support the oil and gas industry's ESG and NetZero, and in recognition of this, Plexus was Awarded the London Stock Exchange's Green Economy Mark in 2021. For more information visit: https://www.plexusplc.com/ This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Plexus Holdings (POS) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 2 hours ago Trekor Metals Limited 2 hours ago Cake Box Holdings 2 hours ago Malvern International 2 hours ago iFOREX Financial Trading Holdings Ltd. 2 days ago Mitie Group All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and