BETA Close X Plexus Holdings PLC has announced a trading update for the financial year ending June 30, 2026, indicating that revenues will be significantly below expectations due to project delays, particularly in North Sea CCS, gas storage, and P&A activities, as well as a delayed North American rental contract. Despite these setbacks, the company is doubling its rental fleet to 16 Exact EX wellhead sets, with 12 available soon, and has secured approximately £1.5m in work for plug and abandonment wells under a UKCS Framework Agreement. An exploration drilling project in the Middle East is set to resume, and Plexus believes its current working capital is sufficient for the immediate future, remaining confident in its business fundamentals and strong pipeline of opportunities. Disclaimer* Plexus Holdings Plc 31 March 2026 This announcement contains inside information 31 March 2026 Plexus Holdings PLC ("Plexus" or the "Company") Trading Update Plexus Holdings PLC (AIM: POS), the AIM quoted wellhead services business , provides a trading update for the financial year ending 30 June 2026 ("FY26"). Current Trading Plexus continues to execute its strategy to develop a higher-margin rental model. In line with this, its rental fleet is being doubled to 16 Exact EX wellhead sets, with up to 12 expected to be available in the near term, providing capacity to respond quickly as activity levels recover. The Company continues to see sustained interest in its technology and maintains a strong pipeline with a high conversion rate, although projects are typically seeing significant delays in starting from when the operator initially intended. Current activity includes orders for rental wellhead equipment and services for several plug and abandonment ("P&A") wells, representing approximately £1.5m of work under a Framework Agreement with a UK Continental Shelf ("UKCS") operator. The exploration drilling project in the Middle East is due to resume activities this week, after a hold in operations there caused by the current hostilities in the region. However, progress on other North Sea projects has been slower than expected, with a number of CCS and gas storage wells, as well as some P&A activity delayed at the planning stage. The North American rental contract has been delayed and now scheduled for deployment in Q1 2027. These delays reflect external factors including uncertainty around UK Government oil and gas policy and broader geopolitical influences on customer decision-making. Financial Position The Company considers current project delays to be a deferral of activity rather than lost work. Whilst it is possible that some material contracts could be signed during H2 of FY26, due to the timing of orders, it is now likely that revenues for the current financial year will be significantly below previous expectations. The Company believes that, with no additional capital expenditure required in the immediate future, current working capital resources together with revenues generated as current projects progress are sufficient for the immediate future. Outlook While the timing of North Sea projects remains uncertain, the Company remains confident in the underlying fundamentals of the business and the strategic positioning of the Company. The pipeline of opportunities remains strong and customer demand for the Plexus technologies and services continues to be positive. ENDS For further information please visit www.plexusplc.com or contact: Plexus Holdings PLC Craig Hendrie, CEO Mike Park, CFO Tel: 01224 774222 Cavendish Capital Markets Limited Derrick Lee Tel: 0131 220 6939 St Brides Partners Ltd Isabel de Salis Paul Dulieu plexus@stbridespartners.co.uk NOTES Plexus Holdings plc (AIM: POS) ( www.plexusplc.com ) is an Aberdeen-headquartered specialist in innovative wellhead systems and related products for offshore operations. Renowned for its POS-GRIP® and HG® metal-to-metal sealing technologies, Plexus delivers solutions that reduce operational risk, prevent blowouts, cut methane emissions and lower maintenance costs, supporting the oil and gas industry's ESG and Net Zero objectives. The Company focuses on jack-up rig applications across exploration, appraisal and plug and abandonment, as well as emerging markets including carbon capture and storage, hydrogen and geothermal, working with major partners including SLB and TechnipFMC. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Plexus Holdings (POS) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 hour ago Trekor Metals Limited 1 hour ago Cake Box Holdings 1 hour ago Malvern International 1 hour ago iFOREX Financial Trading Holdings Ltd. 2 days ago Mitie Group All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and