Change of Nominated Adviser Plexus Holdings Plc 26 October 2023 26 October 2023 Plexus Holdings PLC / Index: AIM / Epic: POS / Sector: Oil equipment & services Plexus Holdings PLC ('Plexus' or 'the Company') Change of Nominated Adviser following reorganisation of the Cavendish Group Plexus Holdings PLC, the AIM quoted oil and gas engineering services business, owner of the proprietary POS-GRIP® friction-grip method of wellhead engineering, known for its safety, time and cost saving capabilities, announces that, following the completion of the all-share merger between Cavendish Securities plc (previously named Cenkos Securities plc) and Cavendish Financial plc (previously named finnCap Group plc), and as a consequence of internal reorganisation within the Cavendish Group, the Company has changed its Nominated Adviser and Broker from Cavendish Securities plc to Cavendish Capital Markets Limited. For further information please visit www.plexusplc.com or contact: Plexus Holdings PLC Ben van Bilderbeek, CEO Graham Stevens, CFO Tel: 020 7795 6890 Cavendish Capital Markets Limited Derrick Lee Adam Rae Tel: 0131 220 6939 St Brides Partners Ltd Isabel de Salis Ana Ribeiro plexus@stbridespartners.co.uk This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Plexus Holdings (POS) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 hour ago Trekor Metals Limited 1 hour ago Cake Box Holdings 1 hour ago Malvern International 1 hour ago iFOREX Financial Trading Holdings Ltd. 2 days ago Mitie Group All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and