Result of Placing and Posting of Circular & NOM Plexus Holdings Plc 19 March 2025 Plexus Holdings PLC / Index: AIM / Epic: POS / Sector: Oil equipment & services 19 March 2025 THIS ANNOUNCEMENT CONTAINS INSIDE INFORMATION FOR THE PURPOSES OF ARTICLE 7 OF EU REGULATION 596/2014 (AS AMENDED) (WHICH FORMS PART OF DOMESTIC UK LAW PURSUANT TO THE EUROPEAN UNION (WITHDRAWAL) ACT 2018 (AS AMENDED)). UPON THE PUBLICATION OF THIS ANNOUNCEMENT VIA A REGULATORY INFORMATION SERVICE, THIS INSIDE INFORMATION IS NOW CONSIDERED TO BE IN THE PUBLIC DOMAIN. Plexus Holdings PLC ('Plexus' or 'the Company') Result of Placing and Posting of Circular & Notice of General Meeting Plexus Holdings PLC, the AIM-traded wellhead services business, is pleased to announce that further to the Company's announcement released at 7.00 a.m. on 19 March 2025 (the " Launch Announcement "), the accelerated bookbuild has closed and the Company has conditionally raised gross proceeds of £1.0 million), through the successful Placing of 15,904,977 New Ordinary Shares at the Issue Price of 6.5 pence per Ordinary Share. The Launch Announcement confirmed that certain directors of the Company intend to subscribe for a total of 30,246,151 New Ordinary Shares in aggregate (the " Subscription ") to raise a further £2.0 million. As the Company is currently in a close period under MAR until the publication of its FY24 Interim Results, the Directors' participation in the Subscription is expected to follow the publication of the FY24 Interim Results. Should the Subscription proceed the gross proceeds of the Fundraising will be approximately £3.0 million. In addition to the Placing and Subscription the Company proposes to raise up to a further £0.5 million through the issue of New Ordinary Shares pursuant to a Retail Offer to existing retail Shareholders at the Issue Price. A further announcement will be made regarding the Retail Offer later today. The Company intends to use the net proceeds of the Fundraise and any funds obtained through the Retail Offer, along with its existing cash resources, as follows: · £3 million will be used to fund the manufacture of eight additional sets of Exact-EX rental wellhead equipment, doubling the fleet for short term core business, and additional associated connectors and tooling; and · Additional funds will be used to support business growth for additional equipment such as sold Mudline Suspension equipment and production wellheads, plus to support continuing R&D activity and for general working capital purposes. Any additional funds sourced through the Retail Offer will be used to support additional business growth and for general working capital purposes. Commenting on the Fundraising, Craig Hendrie, CEO of Plexus, said: "I am delighted with the support we have received for this transaction, both from new investors and existing shareholders. The funds raised will enable Plexus to expand our rental equipment inventory and capitalise on the significant opportunities we are seeing in the global P&A and exploration wellhead markets . "Plexus recently took delivery of four new sets of Exact-EX wellheads, doubling its rental inventory to eight sets, which are expected to be generating revenues in the near term. A s demand is outstripping supply in our addressable markets including offshore exploration wells, production or storage predrilled wells, and P&A activity, we aim to double this number again with the proceeds from the fundraise. The increasing global demand from our customers is reflected in our growing sales pipeline, and we are excited to continue executing our growth strategy, delivering value to shareholders in the process. "We are grateful for the ongoing support of our existing retail shareholders and Plexus is therefore pleased to facilitate their participation in the Fundraise through the retail offer." Posting of Circular & Notice of General Meeting The Fundraise and Conversion are each conditional on, inter alia, the passing of the Resolutions by Shareholders at the General Meeting, to be held at Plexus House, Burnside Drive, Dyce, Aberdeen, AB21 0HW on 7 April 2025 at 11.00a.m. The Circular, containing the Notice of the General Meeting, which sets out the Resolutions and further details on the Fundraising, will be posted to Shareholders on 20 March 2025 and will be available on the Company's website. The Circular includes a unanimous Board recommendation that all Shareholders vote in favour of the Resolutions. Capitalised terms used in this announcement have the meanings given to them in the Launch Announcement, unless the context provides otherwise. ENDS For further information please visit www.plexusplc.com or contact: Plexus Holdings PLC Craig Hendrie, CEO Mike Park, CFO Tel: 01224 774222 Cavendish Capital Markets Limited Derrick Lee Adam Rae Tel: 0131 220 6939 St Brides Partners Ltd Isabel de Salis Paul Dulieu Will Turner plexus@stbridespartners.co.uk NOTES Plexus Holdings plc (AIM: POS) is an IP-led company specialising in developing and providing wellhead systems and associated products and services for offshore operations. Headquartered in Aberdeen, the company focuses on providing wellheads for Jack-up rig operations such as exploration and appraisal drilling, Plug & Abandonment work and emerging markets for Carbon Capture & Storage, hydrogen production and storage and geothermal. Plexus has a collaboration agreement with SLB to supply Exact adjustable wellhead systems for Jack-up applications and supports these operations with a range of proprietary equipment and tools, and project engineering services. Plexus is known for its highly innovative POS-GRIP® wellhead technology and HG® metal-to-metal sealing systems, for which licences have been sold to major industry players such as SLB and TechnipFMC for limited applications. Plexus continues to develop products based on POS-GRIP technology for challenging surface production wellhead platforms, special projects and connector and subsea applications such as the Python® subsea wellhead system. Plexus has always been at the forefront of innovation to reduce risk and improve performance in the energy industry, such as developing through-BOP wellhead systems which help to prevent blow-outs, and POS-GRIP "HG" Seals which are leak-free throughout field life and so reduce methane emissions and minimise maintenance costs. These innovations support the oil and gas industry's ESG and NetZero, and in recognition of this, Plexus was Awarded the London Stock Exchange's Green Economy Mark in 2021. For more information visit: https://www.plexusplc.com/ This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Plexus Holdings (POS) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 2 hours ago Trekor Metals Limited 2 hours ago Cake Box Holdings 2 hours ago Malvern International 2 hours ago iFOREX Financial Trading Holdings Ltd. 2 days ago Mitie Group All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and