AGM Statement Plexus Holdings Plc 09 December 2024 Plexus Holdings PLC / Index: AIM / Epic: POS / Sector: Oil equipment & services 9 December 2024 Plexus Holdings PLC ('Plexus' or 'the Company') AGM Statement Plexus Holdings PLC, the AIM-traded wellhead services business, will hold its Annual General Meeting ('AGM') today. At the AGM, Non-Executive Chairman Ben Van Bilderbeek will make the following statement: "We were delighted to report a significant improvement in our financial performance for the financial year ended 30 June 2024. This success stemmed from several important developments, including the delivery of a major special project and signing a licensing agreement with the global oilfield services leader, SLB. Under the leadership of our new CEO, Craig Hendrie, we are optimistic about the future and are implementing a refreshed strategy, which builds on our long-standing expertise in the jack-up rental wellhead market while positioning Plexus to capitalise on emerging trends within the global offshore oil and gas sector. Key opportunities include Carbon Capture and Storage wells and Plug and Abandonment work within the Decommissioning sector, both of which are increasingly vital in the evolving energy landscape. "Furthermore, we are committed to expanding our market presence through strategic partnerships with leading global players and innovative product development, ensuring that Plexus remains at the forefront in wellhead technology and advancing drilling efficiency, safety, and sustainability objectives. This was recently highlighted with the securing of a new contract for an offshore gas exploration project in the Middle East, achieved in partnership with Peak Energy Solutions. "Looking ahead, with our advanced engineering capabilities and commitment to delivering high-integrity solutions, we are confident in our ability to drive sustainable growth and deliver value to shareholders." ENDS For further information please visit www.plexusplc.com or contact: Plexus Holdings PLC Craig Hendrie, CEO Mike Park, CFO Tel: 01224 774222 Cavendish Capital Markets Limited Derrick Lee Adam Rae Tel: 0131 220 6939 St Brides Partners Ltd Isabel de Salis Paul Dulieu Will Turner plexus@stbridespartners.co.uk NOTES Plexus Holdings plc (AIM: POS) is an IP-led company specialising in developing and providing wellhead systems and associated products and services for offshore operations. Headquartered in Aberdeen, the company focuses on providing wellheads for Jack-up rig operations such as exploration and appraisal drilling, Plug & Abandonment work and emerging markets for Carbon Capture & Storage, hydrogen production and storage and geothermal. Plexus has a collaboration agreement with SLB to supply Exact adjustable wellhead systems for Jack-up applications and supports these operations with a range of proprietary equipment and tools, and project engineering services. Plexus is known for its highly innovative POS-GRIP® wellhead technology and HG® metal-to-metal sealing systems, for which licences have been sold to major industry players such as SLB and TechnipFMC for limited applications. Plexus continues to develop products based on POS-GRIP technology for challenging surface production wellhead platforms, special projects and connector and subsea applications such as the Python® subsea wellhead system. Plexus has always been at the forefront of innovation to reduce risk and improve performance in the energy industry, such as developing through-BOP wellhead systems which help to prevent blow-outs, and POS-GRIP "HG" Seals which are leak-free throughout field life and so reduce methane emissions and minimise maintenance costs. These innovations support the oil and gas industry's ESG and NetZero, and in recognition of this, Plexus was Awarded the London Stock Exchange's Green Economy Mark in 2021. For more information visit: https://www.plexusplc.com/ This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Plexus Holdings (POS) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 2 hours ago Trekor Metals Limited 2 hours ago Cake Box Holdings 2 hours ago Malvern International 2 hours ago iFOREX Financial Trading Holdings Ltd. 2 days ago Mitie Group All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and