Proposed Placing, Subscription and Retail Offer Plexus Holdings Plc 19 March 2025 Plexus Holdings PLC / Index: AIM / Epic: POS / Sector: Oil equipment & services 19 March 2025 THIS ANNOUNCEMENT, INCLUDING THE APPENDIX AND THE INFORMATION CONTAINED HEREIN (TOGETHER, THIS "ANNOUNCEMENT") IS RESTRICTED AND IS NOT FOR RELEASE, PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION, IN WHOLE OR IN PART, DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, IN, INTO OR FROM THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, CANADA, AUSTRALIA, JAPAN, THE REPUBLIC OF IRELAND, THE REPUBLIC OF SOUTH AFRICA, NEW ZEALAND OR HONG KONG OR INTO ANY OTHER JURISDICTION WHERE IT WOULD BREACH ANY APPLICABLE LAW OR REGULATION. THIS ANNOUNCEMENT IS FOR INFORMATION PURPOSES ONLY AND DOES NOT CONSTITUTE OR FORM ANY PART OF AN OFFER TO SELL OR ISSUE, OR A SOLICITATION OF AN OFFER TO BUY, SUBSCRIBE FOR OR OTHERWISE ACQUIRE ANY SECURITIES IN THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, CANADA, AUSTRALIA, JAPAN, THE REPUBLIC OF IRELAND, THE REPUBLIC OF SOUTH AFRICA, NEW ZEALAND OR HONG KONG OR INTO ANY OTHER JURISDICTION IN WHICH SUCH OFFER OR SOLICITATION WOULD BE UNLAWFUL OR TO ANY PERSON TO WHOM IT IS UNLAWFUL TO MAKE SUCH OFFER OR SOLICITATION. NO PUBLIC OFFERING OF THE NEW SHARES IS BEING MADE IN ANY SUCH JURISDICTION. ANY FAILURE TO COMPLY WITH THESE RESTRICTIONS MAY CONSTITUTE A VIOLATION OF THE SECURITIES LAWS OF SUCH JURISDICTIONS. PLEASE SEE THE IMPORTANT INFORMATION IN THE APPENDIX TO THIS ANNOUNCEMENT. THIS ANNOUNCEMENT CONTAINS INSIDE INFORMATION FOR THE PURPOSES OF ARTICLE 7 OF EU REGULATION 596/2014 (AS AMENDED) (WHICH FORMS PART OF DOMESTIC UK LAW PURSUANT TO THE EUROPEAN UNION (WITHDRAWAL) ACT 2018 (AS AMENDED)). UPON THE PUBLICATION OF THIS ANNOUNCEMENT VIA A REGULATORY INFORMATION SERVICE, THIS INSIDE INFORMATION IS NOW CONSIDERED TO BE IN THE PUBLIC DOMAIN. Plexus Holdings PLC ('Plexus' or 'the Company') Proposed Placing, Subscription, Retail Offer and Loan Note Conversion Plexus Holdings PLC, the AIM-traded wellhead services business, is pleased to announce its intention to undertake a fundraising by way of a placing (the " Placing ") and an intended direct subscription (the " Subscription ") to raise gross proceeds of approximately £3.0 million and a retail offer (the " Retail Offer ") of up to £0.5 million (the Placing, Subscription and Retail Offer together the " Fundraising "). It is estimated that the Company will issue approximately 46,151,128 new Ordinary Shares pursuant to the Placing and the Subscription and up to 7,692,307 new Ordinary Shares pursuant to the Retail Offer, in each case at an issue price of 6.5 pence per share (the " Issue Price "). The Placing, which is expected to raise gross proceeds of approximately £1.0 million, will be conducted in accordance with the terms and conditions set out in Appendix 2 to this Announcement by way of an accelerated bookbuild (" Bookbuild " or " ABB ") at the Issue Price. The ABB will be launched immediately following this Announcement, with the timing of the closing of the Bookbuild and the allocations at the absolute discretion of Cavendish Capital Markets Limited (the " Nominated Adviser and Sole Broker ") and the Company. The results of the Placing will be announced as soon as practicable after the close of the Bookbuild. None of the Placing, the Subscription or Retail Offer have been underwritten by Cavendish or any other party. Ben van Bilderbeek, Jeffrey Thrall, Stas van Bilderbeek, Craig Hendrie and Mike Park, all of whom are Directors of the Company, intend to subscribe (either personally or indirectly through a connected entity) for an aggregate of 30,246,151 Subscription Shares at the Issue Price, for an aggregate subscription of £2.0 million. As the Company is currently in a closed period under MAR until the publication of the FY24 Interim Results, the Directors are not permitted to deal in the Ordinary Shares until after publication of the FY24 Interim Results (and subject to not being in possession of any other unpublished price sensitive information at such time). In addition to the Placing and the Subscription, it is proposed that there will be a separate retail offer to Retail Investors via the Bookbuild Platform to raise up to £0.5 million (before expenses) at the Issue Price, to provide existing retail Shareholders in the Company an opportunity to participate in the Fundraising. A separate announcement was made by the Company regarding the Retail Offer and its terms. The Issue Price of 6.5 pence represents a discount of approximately 3 per cent. to the closing mid-market price of 6.7 pence on the Record Date, being the latest practicable date prior to publication of the Announcement. Furthermore, the Company confirms that it has been notified by the Noteholder Majority of their intention to convert the principal amount and the interest accrued on the Outstanding Convertible Loan Notes until 18 March 2025 (being the latest practicable date prior to the date of Admission) into 13,461,692 Conversion Shares at the Conversion Price. As the Noteholder Majority comprises Directors and persons closely associated with Directors, they are also not permitted to deal in the Ordinary Shares until after publication of the FY24 Interim Results (and subject to not being in possession of any other unpublished price sensitive information at such time). It is anticipated that the FY24 Interim Results will be published on or around 28 March 2025, in which case it is intended that (i) the Subscribers will subscribe for the Subscription Shares, and (ii) the Noteholder Majority will carry out the Conversion, before the General Meeting. In these circumstances, the Company will apply for the Subscription Shares and the Conversion Shares to be admitted to trading on AIM at the same time as the Placing Shares and the Retail Offer Shares. As such, in this Document the terms "Fundraise" and "Fundraising Shares" include references to the Subscription Shares and the term "Admission" includes references to the Subscription Shares and Conversion Shares, in each case as well as the Placing Shares and Retail Offer Shares. The net proceeds of the Fundraise will be primarily used to fund the manufacture of eight additional sets of Exact-Ex wellhead equipment, which will double the Company's rental fleet and enable Plexus to capitalise on the growing demand for Jack-up rental wellheads for deployment on exploration and P&A projects. The Fundraise and Conversion are each conditional on, inter alia , the passing of the Resolutions by Shareholders at the General Meeting. A Circular containing further details of, inter alia, the Fundraising, proposed conversion of Convertible Loan Notes and Notice of General Meeting is expected to be despatched to Shareholders on or around 20 March 2025. Following its publication, the Circular will be available on the Company's website www.plexusplc.com . Appendix 1 and Appendix 2 form part of this Announcement. A timetable of principal events is set out in Appendix 1. Capitalised terms have the meaning set out in Appendix 3 to this Announcement. ENDS For further information please visit www.plexusplc.com or contact: Plexus Holdings PLC Craig Hendrie, CEO Mike Park, CFO Tel: 01224 774222 Cavendish Capital Markets Limited Derrick Lee Adam Rae Tel: 0131 220 6939 St Brides Partners Ltd Isabel de Salis Paul Dulieu Will Turner plexus@stbridespartners.co.uk NOTES Plexus Holdings plc (AIM: POS) is an IP-led company specialising in developing and providing wellhead systems and associated products and services for offshore operations. Headquartered in Aberdeen, the company focuses on providing wellheads for Jack-up rig operations such as exploration and appraisal drilling, Plug & Abandonment work and emerging markets for Carbon Capture & Storage, hydrogen production and storage and geothermal. Plexus has a collaboration agreement with SLB to supply Exact adjustable wellhead systems for Jack-up applications and supports these operations with a range of proprietary equipment and tools, and project engineering services. Plexus is known for its highly innovative POS-GRIP® wellhead technology and HG® metal-to-metal sealing systems, for which licences have been sold to major industry players such as SLB and TechnipFMC for limited applications. Plexus continues to develop products based on POS-GRIP technology for challenging surface production wellhead platforms, special projects and connector and subsea applications such as the Python® subsea wellhead system. Plexus has always been at the forefront of innovation to reduce risk and improve performance in the energy industry, such as developing through-BOP wellhead systems which help to prevent blow-outs, and POS-GRIP "HG" Seals which are leak-free throughout field life and so reduce methane emissions and minimise maintenance costs. These innovations support the oil and gas industry's ESG and NetZero, and in recognition of this, Plexus was Awarded the London Stock Exchange's Green Economy Mark in 2021. For more information visit: https://www.plexusplc.com/ Background to and Reasons for the Fundraising In July 2024, the Company announced a re-organisation of the Board as part of succession planning, which resulted in the appointment of Craig Hendrie as CEO and Mike Park as CFO, to form a new executive team. In conjunction with these appointments, Ben van Bilderbeek moved from CEO to the role of Chair of the Company. The Board, led by the new executive team, has adapted the Company's strategy to focus on Plexus' previous success in the Jack-up wellhead market enabling Plexus to satisfy demand for its proven wellhead equipment and IP-led enabling technologies, whilst capitalising on the Company's existing relationships with the World's leading oil services companies. The Company's near-term strategy is primarily focused on its wellhead rental business, in particular global markets for decommissioning and Jack-up exploration drilling. The Company has a proven track record of rapid growth in the wellhead rental market and was previously a leading supplier to the exploration sector in the North Sea, which is now a key market for decommissioning following the transition of offshore activities to P&A work and CCS operations. The Company's medium-term focus is expected to be on high value 'special' projects (such as the £9 million special project completed in January 2025) and surface production wellheads, with long-term opportunities linked to developing subsea wellheads, other POS-GRIP products and potential further licencing of POS-GRIP technology in large volume markets. Currently the Company's rental inventory comprises four sets of Exact-EX wellheads, which can be deployed for offshore exploration wells, production or storage of pre-drilled wells, and for P&A activity. Demand for Plexus' Exact-EX wellheads is strong and Plexus benefits from short contract cycles, significant returns on investment, high margins and fast payback on these 'evergreen' assets. Plexus' wellhead inventory is currently 100 per cent. utilised and the Company has recently taken delivery of a further four Exact-EX wellhead sets, which will be allocated for live work shortly. In response to customer demand, Plexus intends to initiate the manufacture of a further eight sets of Exact-EX wellhead sets in order to convert the Company's growing sales pipeline. The additional eight sets will cost approximately £3 million and have the potential to generate revenues of £4.5 million per annum. The Fundraise will expedite the Company's ability to capitalise on the significant near-term opportunities available to it in the wellhead rental market, which Plexus would not be able to do without raising additional capital. Current Trading and Prospects The Board was encouraged to see the Group return to profitability in FY24, driven by a strong performance by Plexus' core Jack-up rental wellhead business and a significant contribution from a special project for a global project operator utilising Plexus' bespoke IP and engineering capabilities. Since this time, the Group has continued to perform well, and the Board is pleased to confirm that trading for FY25 is in line with market expectations. The half-year results to 31 December 2024 include the final revenues upon successful completion of the large special project and reflect a cash position at that date of £1.3 million. On 14 November 2024, the Company announced that it had received an order to supply its Exact exploration wellhead equipment on a rental basis, along with associated services, for an offshore gas exploration project in the Middle East. This order was secured in partnership with Peak Energy Solutions, who will assist Plexus with a local base and services, and marked Plexus' entry into a new region, where offshore oil and gas exploration activities continue. Plexus has also been pursuing other international opportunities in the rental wellhead business and expects to be concluding the negotiation of a contract in the near future which will require the deployment of rental wellhead equipment to another active international offshore basin. The Board believes that there is a strong future for activities from Jack-up rigs internationally, including traditional oil and gas exploration drilling, P&A work and CCS. Over the next two years and beyond, rig rates are forecast to increase, which supports the Company's short-term focus on the rental wellhead market. Whilst the global wellhead equipment market is large (valued at US$6.69bn in 2023), Plexus intends to focus on smaller segments of the market where the Company has previously been successful, and a competitive advantage has been identified. Plexus currently has a relatively small market share in these markets and management sees deployment of its proven enabling technology into these markets as a significant opportunity for growth. Plexus has a successful track record of supplying international markets, and its partnership with SLB is expected to further assist this, by providing access to local facilities and existing contract arrangements. At present, management has identified a global sales pipeline totalling £59 million of potential business, with £27 million in FY26 growing to £32 million in FY27, which will not be possible to capture with the current rental wellhead fleet but illustrates that a strong market exists and that an expanded rental fleet will still be utilised. Use of Proceeds The Company intends to use the net proceeds of the Fundraise and any funds obtained through the Retail Offer, along with its existing cash resources, as follows: · £3 million will be used to fund the manufacture of eight additional sets of Exact-EX rental wellhead equipment, doubling the fleet for short term core business, and additional associated connectors and tooling; and · Additional funds will be used to support business growth for additional equipment such as sold Mudline Suspension equipment and production wellheads, plus to support continuing R&D activity and for general working capital purposes. The Conversion On 20 October 2022, the Company announced, inter alia, that it had raised a total of £1,550,000 through the issue of the Convertible Loan Notes to OFM Investment Limited (£1,000,000), Ben van Bilderbeek (£500,000) and Jeffrey Thrall (£50,000). The Company further announced on 31 January 2024 that the Noteholder Majority had opted to redeem a portion of the Convertible Loan Notes with an aggregate value of £849,992 (the "Redemption" ). Following the Redemption, there are a total of 700,008 Convertible Loan Notes outstanding (the "Outstanding Convertible Loan Notes" ). The Outstanding Convertible Loan Notes carry interest at 20 per cent. which has and continues to be rolled up. The Company has been notified by the Noteholder Majority of their intention to convert both the principal and the interest accrued of the Outstanding Convertible Loan Notes into new Ordinary Shares in the Company at the Conversion Price. The total number of Conversion Shares is 13,461,692, comprising: · OFM Investment Limited: 8,333,442 Conversion Shares · Ben van Bilderbeek: 4,166,712 Conversion Shares · Jeffrey Thrall: 961,538 Conversion Shares The Conversion is conditional on: (i) the Resolutions being passed which will provide shareholder authority for the allotment and issue by the Company of the Conversion Shares for cash on a non-pre-emptive basis; (ii) completion of the Placing, Subscription and Retail Offer (being a " Qualifying Financing " for the purposes of the Convertible Loan Notes); and (iii) the Company, acting in good faith, deeming that any proposed exercise of Conversion rights would not result in any obligation pursuant to Rule 9 of the Takeover Code on any person or concert party to extend offers to all shareholders of the Company for all the shares in the Company (excluding any shares in the Company held by such person or concert party). As the Company is currently in a closed period under MAR until the publication of the FY24 Interim Results, the Noteholder Majority is not permitted to deal in the Ordinary Shares until after publication of the FY24 Interim Results (and subject to not being in possession of any other unpublished price sensitive information at such time) and accordingly the Outstanding Convertible Loan Notes will not be converted until after such time. Assuming the Conversion conditions are satisfied and FY24 Interim Results have been published, it is intended that the Conversion will be carried out before the General Meeting. In which case, the Company will apply for admission of the Conversion Shares to trading on AIM alongside the admission of the Placing Shares, Retail Offer Shares and, if applicable, the Subscription Shares. Details of the Placing The Bookbuild process for the Placing will open with immediate effect. The Placing is subject to the terms and conditions set out in Appendix 2 (which forms part of this Announcement). The timing of the closing of the Bookbuild is at the discretion of Cavendish. Cavendish and the Company reserve the right to increase the amount to be raised pursuant to the Placing, in their absolute discretion. The closing of the Bookbuild and the final number of shares to be issued pursuant to the Placing will be announced as soon as practicable after the close of the Bookbuild. The Placing Shares will, when issued, be credited as fully paid and will rank pari passu in all respects with the existing issued Ordinary Shares in the capital of the Company, including the right to receive all dividends and other distributions (if any) declared, made or paid on or in respect of the Ordinary Shares after the date of issue of the Placing Shares. The Placing is subject to the conditions and termination rights set out in the Placing Agreement between the Company and Cavendish. Further details of the Placing Agreement can be found in the terms and conditions of the Placing contained in Appendix 2 to this Announcement. The Placing is not being underwritten by any party. Pursuant to the Placing Agreement, Cavendish has conditionally agreed to use its reasonable endeavours to procure subscribers for the Placing Shares at the Issue Price. None of the Placing, the Subscription or Retail Offer have been underwritten by Cavendish or any other party and the Placing is conditional, inter alia , on: ● the Placing Agreement not having been terminated in accordance with its terms prior to Admission; ● the Resolutions being passed which will provide shareholder authority for the allotment and issue by the Company of the New Ordinary Shares for cash on a non-pre-emptive basis; and ● the admission of the Placing Shares becoming effective by no later than 8:00 a.m. on 8 April 2025 or such later time and/or date as the Company and Cavendish may agree (being no later than 8:00 a.m. on 6 May 2025). The Placing is not conditional upon the completion of the Subscription or the Retail Offer. Completion of the Subscription, Retail Offer, and the Conversion are conditional, inter alia , upon completion of the Placing. Neither the Retail Offer nor the Subscription are conditional upon each other. The Placing Agreement contains customary warranties from the Company in favour of Cavendish in relation to, inter alia , the accuracy of the information in this document and other matters relating to the Company and its business. Cavendish (acting in good faith) has the right to terminate the Placing Agreement in certain circumstances prior to Admission in respect of the Fundraising Shares, including (but not limited to): in the event that there has, in the opinion of Cavendish (acting in good faith) been a breach, or an alleged breach, of any of the warranties in the Placing Agreement or there has occurred in the opinion of Cavendish (acting in good faith) a material adverse change or any development reasonably likely to involve a prospective material adverse change in the condition (financial, operational, legal or otherwise), earnings, business affairs or business prospects of the Company or the Group (which is material in the context of the Group taken as a whole), whether or not foreseeable as at the date of the Placing Agreement and whether or not arising in the ordinary course of business. Cavendish may also terminate the Placing Agreement if there has been a suspension or cancellation by the London Stock Exchange of trading in the Company's securities, or if the Company has failed to or is unable to comply with any of its obligations under the Placing Agreement. Details of the Subscription Ben van Bilderbeek, Jeffrey Thrall, Stas van Bilderbeek, Craig Hendrie and Mike Park, all of whom are Directors of the Company, intend to subscribe (either personally or indirectly through a connected entity), for an aggregate of 30,246,151 Subscription Shares at the Issue Price. As the Company is currently in a closed period under MAR until the publication of the FY24 Interim Results, the Directors are not permitted to deal in the Ordinary Shares until after publication of the FY24 Interim Results (and subject to not being in possession of any other unpublished price sensitive information at such time). The Company currently expects that the FY24 Interim Results will be published on or around 28 March 2025. Following the notification of the FY24 Interim Results, it is expected that Subscription will proceed in advance of the General Meeting, such that admission to trading on AIM of all Fundraising Shares will take place on 8 April 2025. General Meeting The Fundraise and Conversion are each conditional on, inter alia, the passing of the Resolutions by Shareholders at the General Meeting, which is expected to be held at Plexus House, Burnside Drive, Dyce, Aberdeen, AB21 0HW on 7 April 2025 at 11.00 a.m. A Circular containing further details of, inter alia, the Fundraising, proposed conversion of Convertible Loan Notes and Notice of General Meeting is expected to be despatched to Shareholders on or around 20 March 2025. The Circular will include a unanimous Board recommendation that all shareholders vote in favour of the Resolutions. Following its publication, the Circular will be available on the Company's website www.plexusplc.com . APPENDIX 1 EXPECTED TIMETABLE OF PRINCIPAL EVENTS 2025 Announcement of the Placing, Subscription, Retail Offer and Conversion 19 March Announcement of the results of the Placing 19 March Launch of the Retail Offer Posting and publication of the Circular and Form of Proxy 19 March 20 March Announcement of the result of the Retail Offer Anticipated Date of Publication of the FY24 Interim Results 21 March 28 March General Meeting 11.00 a.m. on 7 April Announcement of the result of the General Meeting 7 April Admission effective and commencement of dealings in the New Ordinary Shares on AIM 8:00 a.m. on 8 April New Ordinary Shares credited to CREST members' accounts 8 April Despatch of definitive shares certificates in respect of New Ordinary Shares to be issued in certificated form by 22 April Notes: (i) References to times in this document are to London time (unless otherwise stated). (ii) If any of the above times or dates should change, the revised times and/or dates will be notiﬁed by an announcement to an RIS. APPENDIX 2 TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE PLACING IMPORTANT INFORMATION FOR INVITED PLACEES ONLY REGARDING THE PLACING THIS ANNOUNCEMENT, INCLUDING THIS APPENDIX AND THE INFORMATION CONTAINED HEREIN (TOGETHER THE "ANNOUNCEMENT") IS RESTRICTED AND IS NOT FOR RELEASE, PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION, IN WHOLE OR IN PART, DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, IN OR INTO OR FROM THE UNITED STATES, AUSTRALIA, CANADA, JAPAN, NEW ZEALAND, THE REPUBLIC OF IRELAND, THE REPUBLIC OF SOUTH AFRICA, HONG KONG OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTION IN WHICH SUCH RELEASE, PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION WOULD BE UNLAWFUL. THIS ANNOUNCEMENT HAS NOT BEEN APPROVED BY THE LONDON STOCK EXCHANGE, NOR IS IT INTENDED THAT IT WILL BE SO APPROVED. MEMBERS OF THE PUBLIC ARE NOT ELIGIBLE TO TAKE PART IN THE PLACING. THIS ANNOUNCEMENT IS FOR INFORMATION PURPOSES ONLY AND IS DIRECTED ONLY AT: (A) PERSONS IN MEMBER STATES OF THE EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA ("EEA") WHO ARE QUALIFIED INVESTORS WITHIN THE MEANING OF ARTICLE 2(e) OF THE PROSPECTUS REGULATION ("QUALIFIED INVESTORS"); AND (B) IN THE UNITED KINGDOM, PERSONS WHO ARE "QUALIFIED INVESTORS" WITHIN THE MEANING OF THE UK PROSPECTUS REGULATION AND WHO ALSO: (I) HAVE PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE IN MATTERS RELATING TO INVESTMENTS FALLING WITHIN ARTICLE 19(5) ( INVESTMENT PROFESSIONALS ) OF THE FINANCIAL SERVICES AND MARKETS ACT 2000 (FINANCIAL PROMOTION) ORDER 2005, AS AMENDED (THE "ORDER"); (II) ARE PERSONS FALLING WITHIN ARTICLE 49(2)(A) TO (D) ( HIGH NET WORTH COMPANIES, UNINCORPORATED ASSOCIATIONS, ETC. ) OF THE ORDER; OR (III) ARE PERSONS TO WHOM IT MAY OTHERWISE BE LAWFULLY COMMUNICATED (ALL SUCH PERSONS TOGETHER BEING REFERRED TO AS "RELEVANT PERSONS"). THIS ANNOUNCEMENT AND THE INFORMATION IN IT MUST NOT BE ACTED ON OR RELIED ON BY PERSONS WHO ARE NOT RELEVANT PERSONS. PERSONS DISTRIBUTING THIS ANNOUNCEMENT MUST SATISFY THEMSELVES THAT IT IS LAWFUL TO DO SO. ANY INVESTMENT OR INVESTMENT ACTIVITY TO WHICH THIS ANNOUNCEMENT RELATES IS AVAILABLE ONLY TO RELEVANT PERSONS AND WILL BE ENGAGED IN ONLY WITH RELEVANT PERSONS. THIS ANNOUNCEMENT DOES NOT ITSELF CONSTITUTE AN OFFER FOR SALE OR SUBSCRIPTION OF ANY SECURITIES IN PLEXUS HOLDINGS PLC. THIS ANNOUNCEMENT IS NOT AN OFFER OF SECURITIES FOR SALE INTO THE UNITED STATES. THE PLACING SHARES HAVE NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR WITH ANY SECURITIES REGULATORY AUTHORITY OF ANY STATE OR JURISDICTION OF THE UNITED STATES, AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD OR TRANSFERRED, DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, IN THE UNITED STATES EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND IN COMPLIANCE WITH ANY APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION OF THE UNITED STATES. SUBJECT TO CERTAIN EXCEPTIONS AND AT THE SOLE DISCRETION OF THE COMPANY, THE PLACING SHARES ARE BEING OFFERED AND SOLD ONLY OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES IN "OFFSHORE TRANSACTIONS" WITHIN THE MEANING OF, AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH, REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT AND OTHERWISE IN ACCORDANCE WITH APPLICABLE LAWS. NO PUBLIC OFFERING OF THE PLACING SHARES IS BEING MADE IN THE UNITED STATES, THE UNITED KINGDOM OR ELSEWHERE. NO MONEY, SECURITIES OR OTHER CONSIDERATION FROM ANY PERSON INSIDE THE UNITED STATES IS BEING SOLICITED AND, IF SENT IN RESPONSE TO THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS ANNOUNCEMENT, WILL NOT BE ACCEPTED. EACH PLACEE SHOULD CONSULT WITH ITS ADVISERS AS TO LEGAL, TAX, BUSINESS AND RELATED ASPECTS OF AN INVESTMENT IN PLACING SHARES. THE DISTRIBUTION OF THIS ANNOUNCEMENT, ANY PART OF IT OR ANY INFORMATION CONTAINED IN IT MAY BE RESTRICTED BY LAW IN CERTAIN JURISDICTIONS, AND ANY PERSON INTO WHOSE POSSESSION THIS ANNOUNCEMENT, ANY PART OF IT OR ANY INFORMATION CONTAINED IN IT COMES SHOULD INFORM THEMSELVES ABOUT, AND OBSERVE, SUCH RESTRICTIONS. THE COMPANY'S BROKERS, CAVENDISH CAPITAL MARKETS LIMITED, WHO ARE REGULATED BY THE FINANCIAL CONDUCT AUTHORITY, ARE ACTING FOR THE COMPANY AND NO ONE ELSE IN RELATION TO THE PROPOSALS SET OUT IN THIS ANNOUNCEMENT. CAVENDISH DOES NOT HAVE ANY AUTHORITY TO MAKE ANY REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY ON BEHALF OF THE COMPANY OR ANY OTHER PERSON IN CONNECTION WITH THE COMPANY. ANY PERSON WHO IS IN ANY DOUBT ABOUT THE INVESTMENT TO WHICH THIS ANNOUNCEMENT RELATES SHOULD CONSULT A PERSON DULY AUTHORISED FOR THE PURPOSES OF FSMA WHO SPECIALISES IN THE ACQUISITION OF SHARES AND OTHER SECURITIES. The distribution of this Announcement and/or the Placing and/or issue of the Placing Shares in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. No action has been taken by the Company, Cavendish or any of their respective affiliates, agents, directors, officers or employees that would permit an offer of the Placing Shares or possession or distribution of this Announcement or any other offering or publicity material relating to such Placing Shares in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. Persons into whose possession this Announcement comes are required by the Company and Cavendish to inform themselves about and to observe any such restrictions. This Announcement or any part of it is for information purposes only and does not constitute or form part of any offer to issue or sell, or the solicitation of an offer to acquire, purchase or subscribe for, any securities in the United States (including its territories and possessions, any state of the United States and the District of Columbia), Australia, Canada, Japan, New Zealand, the Republic of Ireland, the Republic of South Africa, Hong Kong or any other jurisdiction in which the same would be unlawful. No public offering of the Placing Shares is being made in any such jurisdiction. All offers of the Placing Shares will be made pursuant to an exemption under the UK Prospectus Regulation, from the requirement to produce a prospectus. In the United Kingdom, this Announcement is being directed solely at persons in circumstances in which section 21(1) of FSMA does not apply. The Placing Shares have not been approved or disapproved by the US Securities and Exchange Commission, any state securities commission or other regulatory authority in the United States, nor have any of the foregoing authorities passed upon or endorsed the merits of the Placing or the accuracy or adequacy of this Announcement. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offence in the United States. The relevant clearances have not been, nor will they be, obtained from the securities commission of any province or territory of Canada, no prospectus has been lodged with, or registered by, the Australian Securities and Investments Commission, the Financial Markets Authority of New Zealand or the Japanese Ministry of Finance; the relevant clearances have not been, and will not be, obtained for the South Africa Reserve Bank or any other applicable body in the Republic of Ireland, the Republic of South Africa or Hong Kong in relation to the Placing Shares and the Placing Shares have not been, nor will they be, registered under or offering in compliance with the securities laws of any state, province or territory of Australia, Canada, Japan, New Zealand, the Republic of Ireland, the Republic of South Africa or Hong Kong. Accordingly, the Placing Shares may not (unless an exemption under the relevant securities laws is applicable) be offered, sold, resold or delivered, directly or indirectly, in or into Australia, Canada, Japan, New Zealand, the Republic of Ireland, the Republic of South Africa or Hong Kong or any other jurisdiction outside the United Kingdom. Persons (including, without limitation, nominees and trustees) who have a contractual right or other legal obligations to forward a copy of this Announcement should seek appropriate advice before taking any action. This Announcement should be read in its entirety. In particular, you should read and understand the information provided in this "Important Information" section of this Announcement. The Company proposes to raise capital by way of, inter alia , a Placing. By participating in the Placing, each Placee will be deemed to have read and understood this Announcement in its entirety, to be participating, making an offer and acquiring Placing Shares on the Terms and Conditions and to be providing the representations, warranties, indemnities, acknowledgements and undertakings contained in this Appendix. In particular, each such Placee represents, warrants, undertakes, agrees and acknowledges (amongst other things) that: 1 it is a Relevant Person and undertakes that it will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of any Placing Shares that are allocated to it for the purposes of its business; 2 in the case of a Relevant Person in a Relevant State who acquires any Placing Shares pursuant to the Placing: (a) it is a Qualified Investor within the meaning of Article 2(e) of the Prospectus Regulation; (b) in the case of any Placing Shares acquired by it as a financial intermediary, as that term is used in Article 5(1) of the Prospectus Regulation: (i) the Placing Shares acquired by it in the Placing have not been acquired on behalf of, nor have they been acquired with a view to their offer or resale to, persons in a Relevant State other than Qualified Investors or in circumstances in which the prior consent of Cavendish has been given to the offer or resale; or (ii) where Placing Shares have been acquired by it on behalf of persons in a Relevant State other than Qualified Investors, the offer of those Placing Shares to it is not treated under the Prospectus Regulation as having been made to such persons; 3 in the case of a Relevant Person in the United Kingdom who acquires any Placing Shares pursuant to the Placing: (a) it is a Qualified Investor within the meaning of Article 2(e) of the UK Prospectus Regulation; (b) in the case of any Placing Shares acquired by it as a financial intermediary, as that term is used in Article 5(1) of the UK Prospectus Regulation: (i) the Placing Shares acquired by it in the Placing have not been acquired on behalf of, nor have they been acquired with a view to their offer or resale to, persons in the United Kingdom other than Qualified Investors or in circumstances in which the prior consent of Cavendish has been given to the offer or resale; or (ii) where Placing Shares have been acquired by it on behalf of persons in the United Kingdom other than Qualified Investors, the offer of those Placing Shares to it is not treated under the UK Prospectus Regulation as having been made to such persons; 4 it is acquiring the Placing Shares for its own account or is acquiring the Placing Shares for an account with respect to which it exercises sole investment discretion and has the authority to make and does make the representations, warranties, indemnities, acknowledgements, undertakings and agreements contained in this Announcement; 5 it understands (or if acting for the account of another person, such person has confirmed that such person understands) the resale and transfer restrictions set out in this Appendix; and 6 except as otherwise permitted by the Company and subject to any available exemptions from applicable securities laws, it (and any account referred to above) is outside the United States acquiring the Placing Shares in offshore transactions as defined in and in accordance with Regulation S under the Securities Act. No prospectus No prospectus or other offering document has been or will be submitted to be approved by the FCA in relation to the Placing or the Placing Shares and Placees' commitments will be made solely on the basis of the information contained in this Announcement and any Publicly Available Information and subject to any further terms set forth in the form of confirmation to be sent to individual Placees. Each Placee, by participating in the Placing, agrees that the content of this Announcement is exclusively the responsibility of the Company and confirms that it has neither received nor relied on any information (other than the Publicly Available Information), representation, warranty or statement made by or on behalf of the Company, Cavendish or any other person and none of the Company, Cavendish or any other person acting on such person's behalf nor any of their respective affiliates has or shall have any liability for any Placee's decision to participate in the Placing based on any other information, representation, warranty or statement. Each Placee acknowledges and agrees that it has relied on its own investigation of the business, financial or other position of the Company in accepting a participation in the Placing. No Placees should consider any information in this Announcement to be legal, tax or business advice. Nothing in this paragraph shall exclude the liability of any person for fraudulent misrepresentation. Details of the Placing Agreement and the Placing Shares Cavendish has today entered into a Placing Agreement with the Company under which, on the terms and subject to the conditions set out in the Placing Agreement, Cavendish, as agent for and on behalf of the Company, has agreed to use its reasonable endeavours to procure placees for the Placing Shares at the issue price of 6.5 pence per Placing Share. The Placing Shares will, when issued, be subject to the Articles and credited as fully paid and will rank pari passu in all respects with the existing Ordinary Shares in the capital of the Company, including the right to receive all dividends and other distributions declared, made or paid in respect of such Ordinary Shares after the date of issue of the Placing Shares. Application for admission to trading Application will be made to the London Stock Exchange for admission of the Placing Shares to trading on AIM. It is expected that Admission will take place no later than 8.00 a.m. on 8 April 2025 and that dealings in the Placing Shares on AIM will commence at the same time. Principal terms of the Placing 1 Cavendish is acting as broker to the Company in respect of the Placing, as agent for and on behalf of the Company. Cavendish is authorised and regulated in the United Kingdom by the FCA and is acting exclusively for the Company and no one else in connection with the matters referred to in this Announcement and will not be responsible to anyone other than the Company for providing the protections afforded to each of Cavendish' customers or for providing advice in relation to the matters described in this Announcement. 2 Participation in the Placing will only be available to persons who may lawfully be and are invited by Cavendish to participate. Cavendish and any of its affiliates are entitled to participate in the Placing as principal. 3 The price per Placing Share is 6.5 pence and is payable to Cavendish as agent of the Company by all Placees. 4 By participating in the Placing (such participation up to an agreed maximum level to be confirmed in and evidenced by either (i) a recorded telephone call and/or (ii) email correspondence, in either case between representatives of Cavendish to whom the Placee's commitment is given and the relevant Placee (a " Recorded Commitment ")), each Placee will be deemed to have read and understood the Announcement and these Terms and Conditions in their entirety, to be participating and acquiring Placing Shares on these Terms and Conditions and to be providing the representations, warranties, indemnities, acknowledgements and undertakings contained in these Terms and Conditions. 5 Each Placee will confirm the maximum number of Placing Shares it is willing to acquire in a Recorded Commitment. Once they have made a Recorded Commitment, each Placee will have an immediate, separate, irrevocable and binding obligation, owed to Cavendish (as agent for the Company), to subscribe and pay for, at the Issue Price, the number of Placing Shares allocated to it, up to the agreed maximum. 6 Each Placee's allocation (and whether such Placee participates in the Placing) will be determined by Cavendish in its discretion following consultation with the Company and will be confirmed by Cavendish either orally or in writing via a contract note or trade confirmation after the Recorded Commitment has taken place. 7 Each Placee's commitment will be confirmed in and evidenced by a Recorded Commitment. These Terms and Conditions will be deemed incorporated into each contract which is entered into by way of a Recorded Commitment and will be legally binding on the relevant Placee(s) on behalf of whom the commitment is made with effect from the end of the Recorded Commitment and, except with Cavendish's prior written consent, will not be capable of variation or revocation after such time. A contract note or trade confirmation confirming each Placee's allocation of Placing Shares will be sent to them following the Recorded Commitment and the allocation process. These Terms and Conditions shall be deemed incorporated into any such contract note or trade confirmation. 8 Each Placee will have an immediate, separate, irrevocable and binding obligation, owed to Cavendish (as agent for the Company), to pay to it (or as it may direct) in cleared funds an amount equal to the product of the Issue Price and the number of Placing Shares allocated to such Placee (subject always to such Placee's agreed maximum). 9 Cavendish reserves the right to scale back the number of Placing Shares to be subscribed by any Placee in the event that the Placing is oversubscribed in consultation with the Company. Cavendish also reserves the right not to accept orders to subscribe for Placing Shares or to accept such orders in part rather than in whole. The acceptance and, if applicable, scaling back of orders shall be at the absolute discretion of Cavendish. 10 Irrespective of the time at which a Placee's allocation(s) pursuant to the Placing is/are confirmed, settlement for all Placing Shares to be acquired pursuant to the Placing will be required to be made at the same time, on the basis explained below under "Registration and Settlement". 11 All obligations of Cavendish under the Placing will be subject to fulfilment of the conditions referred to below under "Conditions of the Placing" and to the Placing not being terminated on the basis referred to below under "Termination of the Placing". 12 By participating in the Placing, each Placee will agree that its rights and obligations in respect of the Placing will terminate only in the circumstances described below and will not be capable of rescission or termination by the Placee. 13 To the fullest extent permissible by law and applicable FCA rules, none of (a) Cavendish, (b) any of its affiliates, agents, directors, officers, consultants, (c) to the extent not contained within (a) or (b), any person connected with Cavendish as defined in the FSMA ((b) and (c) being together "affiliates" and individually an "affiliate" of Cavendish), (d) any person acting on behalf of Cavendish, shall have any liability (including to the extent permissible by law, any fiduciary duties) to Placees or to any other person whether acting on behalf of a Placee or otherwise. In particular, Cavendish nor any of its affiliates shall have any liability (including, to the extent permissible by law, any fiduciary duties) in respect of their conduct in relation to the Placing or of such alternative method of effecting the Placing as Cavendish and the Company may agree. Registration and Settlement If Placees are allocated any Placing Shares in the Placing they will be sent a form of confirmation or electronic confirmation by Cavendish , as soon as it is able which will confirm the number of Placing Shares allocated to them, the Issue Price and the aggregate amount owed by them to Cavendish . Each Placee will be deemed to agree that it will do all things necessary to ensure that delivery and payment is completed as directed by Cavendish in accordance with either the standing CREST or certificated settlement instructions which they have in place with Cavendish . Settlement of transactions in the Placing Shares (ISIN: GB00B0MDF233) following Admission will take place within the CREST system, subject to certain exceptions. Settlement through CREST is expected to take place on 8 April 2025 unless otherwise notified by Cavendish and Admission is expected to occur no later than 8.00 a.m. on 8 April 2025 unless otherwise notified by Cavendish. The deadline for Placees to input instructions into CREST is 8 a.m. on 4 April 2025. Admission and settlement may occur at an earlier date, which if achievable, will be set out in the Circular. Settlement will be on a delivery versus payment basis. However, in the event of any difficulties or delays in the admission of the Placing Shares to CREST or the use of CREST in relation to the Placing, the Company and Cavendish may agree that the Placing Shares should be issued in certificated form. Cavendish reserves the right to require settlement of the Placing Shares, and to deliver the Placing Shares to Placees, by such other means as it deems necessary if delivery or settlement to Placees is not practicable within the CREST system or would not be consistent with regulatory requirements in a Placee's jurisdiction. Interest is chargeable daily on payments not received from Placees on the due date in accordance with the arrangements set out above, in respect of either CREST or certificated deliveries, at the rate of 2 percentage points above prevailing Sterling Overnight Index Average (SONIA) as determined by Cavendish. Each Placee agrees that if it does not comply with these obligations, Cavendish may sell, charge by way of security (to any funder of Cavendish) or otherwise deal with any or all of their Placing Shares on their behalf and retain from the proceeds, for Cavendish' own account and benefit, an amount equal to the aggregate amount owed by the Placee plus any interest due and any costs and expenses properly incurred by Cavendish as a result of the Placee's failure to comply with its obligations. The relevant Placee will, however, remain liable for any shortfall below the amount owed by it and for any stamp duty or stamp duty reserve tax (together with any interest or penalties) which may arise upon the sale of their Placing Shares on their behalf. Legal and/or beneficial title in and to any Placing Shares shall not pass to the relevant Placee until such time as it has fully complied with its obligations hereunder. If Placing Shares are to be delivered to a custodian or settlement agent, Placees must ensure that, upon receipt, the conditional form of confirmation is copied and delivered immediately to the relevant person within that organisation. Insofar as Placing Shares are registered in a Placee's name or that of its nominee or in the name of any person for whom a Placee is contracting as agent or that of a nominee for such person, such Placing Shares should, subject as provided below, be so registered free from any liability to United Kingdom stamp duty or stamp duty reserve tax. Placees will not be entitled to receive any fee or commission in connection with the Placing. Conditions of the Placing The Placing is conditional upon the Placing Agreement becoming unconditional and not having been terminated in accordance with its terms. Cavendish' obligations under the Placing Agreement are, and the Placing is, conditional upon, inter alia : 1 Admission taking place not later than 8.00 a.m. on 8 April 2025 or such later date as is agreed in writing between the Company and Cavendish , but in any event not later than the Long Stop Date; 2 the Company complying with its obligations under the Placing Agreement to the extent that the same fall to be performed prior to Admission; 3 there not occurring, in Cavendish' opinion (acting in good faith), a Material Adverse Change; 4 the General Meeting having taken place, no adjournment of the General Meeting having occurred without the prior written consent of Cavendish and the Resolutions having been passed at the General Meeting by the requisite majority without amendment; 5 satisfaction or, where appropriate, the waiver of certain other conditions set out in the Placing Agreement, (all conditions to the obligations of Cavendish included in the Placing Agreement being together, the " conditions "). For the avoidance of doubt, the Placing is not conditional on the Retail Offer (or any take up of the Retail Offer Shares). If any of the conditions set out in the Placing Agreement are not fulfilled or, where permitted, waived in accordance with the Placing Agreement within the stated time periods (or such later time and/or date as the Company and Cavendish may agree), or the Placing Agreement is terminated in accordance with its terms, the Placing will lapse and the Placee's rights and obligations shall cease and terminate at such time and each Placee agrees that no claim can be made by or on behalf of the Placee (or any person on whose behalf the Placee is acting) in respect thereof. By participating in the Placing, each Placee agrees that its rights and obligations cease and terminate only in the circumstances described above and under "Termination of the Placing" below and will not be capable of rescission or termination by it. Certain conditions may be waived in whole or in part by Cavendish, in its absolute discretion, by notice in writing to the Company and Cavendish may also agree in writing with the Company to extend the time for satisfaction of any condition. Any such extension or waiver will not affect Placees' commitments as set out in this Announcement. Cavendish may terminate the Placing Agreement in certain circumstances, details of which are set out below. Neither Cavendish, the Company nor any of their respective affiliates, agents, directors, officers or employees shall have any liability to any Placee (or to any other person whether acting on behalf of a Placee or otherwise) in respect of any decision any of them may make as to whether or not to waive or to extend the time and/or date for the satisfaction of any condition to the Placing nor for any decision any of them may make as to the satisfaction of any condition or in respect of the Placing generally and by participating in the Placing each Placee agrees that any such decision is within Cavendish' absolute discretion. Termination of the Placing Cavendish may terminate the Placing Agreement, in accordance with its terms, at any time prior to Admission if, inter alia : 1 any of the warranties in the Placing Agreement were, when given, untrue, inaccurate, or misleading in any material respect; or 2 the Company fails or is unable to comply with any of its obligations under the Placing Agreement; or 3 any statement contained in the Placing Documents (as defined in the Placing Agreement) has become or been discovered to be untrue, inaccurate or misleading in any material respect or there has been a material omission therefrom; or 4 a matter, fact, circumstance or event has arisen such that in the opinion of Cavendish (acting in good faith) a supplementary circular and/or supplementary press announcement is required to be published or released; or 5 in the opinion of Cavendish (acting in good faith), a Material Adverse Change has occurred. If the Placing Agreement is terminated in accordance with its terms, the rights and obligations of each Placee in respect of the Placing as described in this Announcement shall cease and terminate at such time and no claim can be made by any Placee in respect thereof. By participating in the Placing, each Placee agrees with the Company and Cavendish that the exercise by the Company or Cavendish of any right of termination or any other right or other discretion under the Placing Agreement shall be within the absolute discretion of the Company and / or Cavendish and that neither the Company nor Cavendish need make any reference to such Placee and that none of the Company, Cavendish nor any of their respective affiliates, agents, directors, officers or employees shall have any liability to such Placee (or to any other person whether acting on behalf of a Placee or otherwise) whatsoever in connection with any such exercise. By participating in the Placing, each Placee agrees that its rights and obligations terminate only in the circumstances described above and under the "Conditions of the Placing" section above and will not be capable of rescission or termination by it after the issue by Cavendish of a form of confirmation confirming each Placee's allocation and commitment in the Placing. Restrictions on issues of shares and other securities by the Company The Company has undertaken to Cavendish that, for so long as Cavendish is appointed as its nominated adviser and/or broker, during the period ending on the later of (i) 180 days after the date of Admission, and (ii) publication of the audited results of the Company for financial period ending 30 June 2025, it will not without the prior consent of Cavendish allot or issue, or enter into any agreement or arrangement which would give rise to an obligation or an increased obligation (in each case whether contingent or otherwise) to allot or issue, any share or any instrument or security convertible into a share in the capital of the Company (save for the allotment and issue of new Ordinary Shares in the capital of the Company pursuant to the Placing, Conversion, Subscription or Retail Offer being made by the Company or the issue of shares or the grant and exercise of options pursuant to the option schemes, agreements and arrangements disclosed in the Circular). By participating in the Placing, each Placee agrees that the exercise by Cavendish of any power to grant consent to the undertaking by the Company of a transaction which would otherwise be subject to these restrictions under the Placing Agreement shall be within the absolute discretion of Cavendish and that it need not make any reference to, or consult with, any Placee and that it shall have no liability to any Placee whatsoever in connection with any such exercise of the power to grant consent. Representations, warranties and further terms By participating in the Placing, each Placee (and any person acting on such Placee's behalf) irrevocably represents, warrants, acknowledges, undertakes and agrees (for itself and for any such prospective Placee) that in each case as a fundamental term of such Placee's application for Placing Shares (save where Cavendish expressly agrees in writing to the contrary) that: 1 it has read and understood this Announcement in its entirety and that its acquisition of the Placing Shares is subject to and based upon all the terms, conditions, representations, warranties, indemnities, acknowledgements, agreements and undertakings and other information contained herein and that it has not relied on, and will not rely on, any information given or any representations, warranties or statements made at any time by any person in connection with Admission, the Placing, the Company, the Placing Shares or otherwise, other than the information contained in this Announcement and the Publicly Available Information; 2 it has not received a prospectus or other offering document in connection with the Placing and acknowledges that no prospectus or other offering document: (a) is required under the Prospectus Regulation or the UK Prospectus Regulation; and (b) has been or will be prepared in connection with the Placing; 3 the Ordinary Shares in the capital of the Company are admitted to trading on AIM, and that, in addition to complying with its obligations pursuant to MAR, the Company is therefore required to publish certain business and financial information in accordance with the AIM Rules, which includes a description of the nature of the Company's business and the Company's most recent balance sheet and profit and loss account and that it is able to obtain or access such information without undue difficulty, and is able to obtain access to such information or comparable information concerning any other publicly traded company, without undue difficulty; 4 it has made its own assessment of the Placing Shares and has relied on its own investigation of the business, financial or other position of the Company in accepting a participation in the Placing and none of Cavendish, the Company nor any of their respective affiliates, agents, directors, officers or employees or any person acting on behalf of any of them has provided, and will not provide, it with any material regarding the Placing Shares or the Company or any other person other than the information in this Announcement, or the Publicly Available Information; nor has it requested any of Cavendish, the Company, any of their respective affiliates, agents, directors, officers or employees or any person acting on behalf of any of them to provide it with any such information; 5 neither Cavendish nor any person acting on its behalf or any of their respective affiliates, agents, directors, officers or employees has or shall have any liability for any Publicly Available Information, or any representation relating to the Company, provided that nothing in this paragraph excludes the liability of any person for fraudulent misrepresentation made by that person; 6 the only information on which it is entitled to rely on and on which it has relied in committing to subscribe for the Placing Shares is contained in the Publicly Available Information, such information being all that it deems necessary to make an investment decision in respect of the Placing Shares and it has made its own assessment of the Company, the Placing Shares and the terms of the Placing based on Publicly Available Information; 7 neither the Company, Cavendish nor any of their respective affiliates, agents, directors, officers or employees has made any representation or warranty to it, express or implied, with respect to the Company, the Placing or the Placing Shares or the accuracy, completeness or adequacy of the Publicly Available Information; 8 it has conducted its own investigation of the Company, the Placing and the Placing Shares, satisfied itself that the information is still current and relied on that investigation for the purposes of its decision to participate in the Placing; 9 it has not relied on any investigation that Cavendish or any person acting on its behalf may have conducted with respect to the Company, the Placing or the Placing Shares; 10 the content of this Announcement and the Publicly Available Information has been prepared by and is exclusively the responsibility of the Company and that neither Cavendish nor any persons acting on its behalf are responsible for or has or shall have any liability for any information, representation, warranty or statement relating to the Company contained in this Announcement or the Publicly Available Information nor will they be liable for any Placee's decision to participate in the Placing based on any information, representation, warranty or statement contained in this Announcement, the Publicly Available Information or otherwise. Nothing in this Appendix shall exclude any liability of any person for fraudulent misrepresentation; 11 the Placing is not conditional on the Subscription or the Retail Offer (or any take up of the Retail Offer Shares); 12 the Placing Shares have not been registered or otherwise qualified, and will not be registered or otherwise qualified, for offer and sale nor will a prospectus be cleared or approved in respect of any of the Placing Shares under the securities laws of the United States, or any state or other jurisdiction of the United States, Australia, Canada, Japan, New Zealand, the Republic of Ireland, the Republic of South Africa or Hong Kong and, subject to certain exceptions, may not be offered, sold, taken up, renounced or delivered or transferred, directly or indirectly, within the United States, Australia, Canada, Japan, New Zealand, the Republic of Ireland, the Republic of South Africa or Hong Kong or in any country or jurisdiction where any such action for that purpose is required; 13 it and/or each person on whose behalf it is participating: (a) is entitled to acquire Placing Shares pursuant to the Placing under the laws and regulations of all relevant jurisdictions; (b) has fully observed such laws and regulations; (c) has capacity and authority and is entitled to enter into and perform its obligations as an acquirer of Placing Shares and will honour such obligations; and (d) has obtained all necessary consents and authorities (including, without limitation, in the case of a person acting on behalf of a Placee, all necessary consents and authorities to agree to the terms set out or referred to in this Appendix) under those laws or otherwise and complied with all necessary formalities to enable it to enter into the transactions contemplated hereby and to perform its obligations in relation thereto and, in particular, if it is a pension fund or investment company it is aware of and acknowledges that it is required to comply with all applicable laws and regulations with respect to its subscription for Placing Shares; 14 it is not, and any person who it is acting on behalf of is not, and at the time the Placing Shares are subscribed will not be, a resident of, or with an address in, or subject to the laws of, the United States, Australia, Canada, Japan, New Zealand, the Republic of Ireland, the Republic of South Africa or Hong Kong and it acknowledges and agrees that the Placing Shares have not been and will not be registered or otherwise qualified under the securities legislation of the United States, Australia, Canada, Japan, New Zealand, the Republic of Ireland, the Republic of South Africa or Hong Kong and may not be offered, sold, or acquired, directly or indirectly, within those jurisdictions; 15 the Placing Shares have not been, and will not be, registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered, sold or resold in or into or from the United States except pursuant to an effective registration under the Securities Act, or pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act and in accordance with applicable state securities laws; and no representation is being made as to the availability of any exemption under the Securities Act for the reoffer, resale, pledge or transfer of the Placing Shares; 16 it and the beneficial owner of the Placing Shares is, and at the time the Placing Shares are acquired will be, outside the United States and acquiring the Placing Shares in an "offshore transaction" as defined in, and in accordance with, Regulation S under the Securities Act; 17 it (and any account for which it is purchasing) is not acquiring the Placing Shares with a view to any offer, sale or distribution thereof within the meaning of the Securities Act; 18 it will not distribute, forward, transfer or otherwise transmit this Announcement or any part of it, or any other presentational or other materials concerning the Placing in or into or from the United States (including electronic copies thereof) to any person, and it has not distributed, forwarded, transferred or otherwise transmitted any such materials to any person; 19 neither Cavendish, nor its affiliates, agents, directors, officers or employees nor any person acting on behalf of any of them is making any recommendations to it, advising it regarding the suitability of any transactions it may enter into in connection with the Placing and that participation in the Placing is on the basis that it is not and will not be a client of Cavendish and that Cavendish does not have any duties or responsibilities to it for providing the protections afforded to its clients or for providing advice in relation to the Placing nor in respect of any representations, warranties, undertakings or indemnities contained in the Placing Agreement nor for the exercise or performance of any of its rights and obligations thereunder including any rights to waive or vary any conditions or exercise any termination right; 20 it has the funds available to pay for the Placing Shares for which it has agreed to subscribe and acknowledges and agrees that it will make payment to Cavendish for the Placing Shares allocated to it in accordance with the Terms and Conditions on the due times and dates set out in this Announcement, failing which the relevant Placing Shares may be placed with others on such terms as Cavendish may, in its absolute discretion determine without liability to the Placee and it will remain liable for any shortfall below the net proceeds of such sale and the placing proceeds of such Placing Shares and may be required to bear any stamp duty or stamp duty reserve tax (together with any interest or penalties due pursuant to the terms set out or referred to in this Announcement) which may arise upon the sale of such Placee's Placing Shares on its behalf; 21 no action has been or will be taken by any of the Company, Cavendish or any person acting on their behalf that would, or is intended to, permit a public offer of the Placing Shares in the United States or in any country or jurisdiction where any such action for that purpose is required; 22 the person who it specifies for registration as holder of the Placing Shares will be: (a) the Placee; or (b) a nominee of the Placee, as the case may be. Neither the Company nor Cavendish will be responsible for any liability to stamp duty or stamp duty reserve tax resulting from a failure to observe this requirement. Each Placee and any person acting on behalf of such Placee agrees to acquire Placing Shares pursuant to the Placing and agrees to pay the Company and Cavendish in respect of the same (including any interest or penalties) on the basis that the Placing Shares will be allotted to the CREST stock account of Cavendish or transferred to the CREST stock account of Cavendish, whereupon Cavendish will hold them as a nominee on behalf of the Placee until settlement in accordance with its standing settlement instructions with it; 23 it is acting as principal only in respect of the Placing or, if it is acting for any other person, (a) it is duly authorised to do so and has full power to make the acknowledgments, representations and agreements herein on behalf of each such person and (b) it is and will remain liable to the Company and Cavendish for the performance of all its obligations as a Placee in respect of the Placing (regardless of the fact that it is acting for another person); 24 the allocation, allotment, issue and delivery to it, or the person specified by it for registration as holder, of Placing Shares will not give rise to a stamp duty or stamp duty reserve tax liability under (or at a rate determined under) any of sections 67, 70, 93 or 96 of the Finance Act 1986 (depository receipts and clearance services) and that it is not participating in the Placing as nominee or agent for any person or persons to whom the allocation, allotment, issue or delivery of Placing Shares would give rise to such a liability; 25 it will not make an offer to the public of the Placing Shares and it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Placing Shares to persons in the United Kingdom or in the EEA prior to the expiry of a period of six months from Admission except to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their business or otherwise in circumstances which have not resulted and which will not result in an offer to the public in the United Kingdom within the meaning of section 85(1) of the FSMA or within the meaning of the UK Prospectus Regulation, or an offer to the public in any member state of the EEA within the meaning of the Prospectus Regulation; 26 if it is within the United Kingdom, it and any person acting on its behalf (if within the United Kingdom) is a person of a kind described in: (a) Article 19(5) (Investment Professionals) and/or 49(2) (High net worth companies etc.) of the FSMA (Financial Promotion) Order 2005, as amended, and/or an authorised person as defined in section 31 of FSMA; and (b) a "Qualified Investor" being a person falling within Article 2(e) of the UK Prospectus Regulation. If it is within a member state of the EEA, it is a Qualified Investor as defined in Article 2(e) of the Prospectus Regulation. For such purposes, it undertakes that it will acquire, hold, manage and (if applicable) dispose of any Placing Shares that are allocated to it for the purposes of its business only; 27 it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and it will only communicate or cause to be communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of section 21 of the FSMA) relating to Placing Shares in circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not require approval of the communication by an authorised person and it acknowledges that this Announcement is not being issued by Cavendish as an authorised person under Section 21 of FSMA and therefore is not subject to the same controls applicable to a financial promotion made by an authorised person; 28 it has complied and it will comply with all applicable laws with respect to anything done by it or on its behalf in relation to the Placing Shares (including all relevant provisions of the FSMA in respect of anything done in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom); 29 if it is a financial intermediary, as that term is used in Article 5(1) of the UK Prospectus Regulation or the Prospectus Regulation, the Placing Shares acquired by it in the Placing will not be acquired on a non-discretionary basis on behalf of, nor will they be acquired with a view to their offer or resale to, persons in the UK or in a Relevant State other than Qualified Investors, or in circumstances in which the express prior written consent of Cavendish has been given to the offer or resale; 30 it has neither received nor relied on any confidential price sensitive information about the Company in accepting this invitation to participate in the Placing; 31 neither Cavendish nor any of its affiliates, agents, directors, officers or employees or any person acting on behalf of any of them has or shall have any liability for any information, representation or statement contained in this Announcement or for any information previously published by or on behalf of the Company or any other written or oral information made available to or publicly available or filed information or any representation, warranty or undertaking relating to the Company, and will not be liable for its decision to participate in the Placing based on any information, representation, warranty or statement contained in this Announcement or elsewhere, provided that nothing in this paragraph shall exclude any liability of any person for fraud; 32 neither the Company nor Cavendish, nor any of their respective affiliates, agents, directors, officers or employees or any person acting on behalf of the Company, Cavendish or their respective affiliates, agents, directors, officers or employees is making any recommendations to it, advising it regarding the suitability of any transactions it may enter into in connection with the Placing nor providing advice in relation to the Placing nor in respect of any representations, warranties, acknowledgements, agreements, undertakings, or indemnities contained in the Placing Agreement nor the exercise or performance of Cavendish' rights and obligations thereunder including any rights to waive or vary any conditions or exercise any termination right; 33 it acknowledges and accepts that Cavendish may, in accordance with applicable legal and regulatory provisions, engage in transactions in relation to the Placing Shares and/or related instruments for its own account for the purpose of hedging its underwriting exposure or otherwise and, except as required by applicable law or regulation, Cavendish will not make any public disclosure in relation to such transactions; 34 Cavendish and each of its affiliates, each acting as an investor for its or their own account(s), may bid or subscribe for and/or purchase Placing Shares and, in that capacity, may retain, purchase, offer to sell or otherwise deal for its or their own account(s) in the Placing Shares, any other securities of the Company or other related investments in connection with the Placing or otherwise. Accordingly, references in this Announcement to the Placing Shares being offered, subscribed, acquired or otherwise dealt with should be read as including any offer to, or subscription, acquisition or dealing by Cavendish and/or any of its affiliates, acting as an investor for its or their own account(s). Neither the Company nor Cavendish intend to disclose the extent of any such investment or transaction otherwise than in accordance with any legal or regulatory obligation to do so; 35 it is aware of the obligations (i) regarding insider dealing in the Criminal Justice Act 1993, FSMA, MAR and the Proceeds of Crime Act 2002 and confirms that it has and will continue to comply with those obligations; and (ii) otherwise arising under the Regulations; 36 in order to ensure compliance with the Regulations, either Cavendish (for itself and as agent on behalf of the Company) or the Registrars may, in their absolute discretion, require verification of its identity. Pending the provision to Cavendish or the Registrars, as applicable, of evidence of identity, definitive certificates in respect of the Placing Shares may be retained at Cavendish's absolute discretion or, where appropriate, delivery of the Placing Shares to it in uncertificated form may be delayed at either Cavendish's or the Registrars', as the case may be, absolute discretion. If within a reasonable time after a request for verification of identity, Cavendish (for itself and as agent on behalf of the Company) or the Registrars have not received evidence satisfactory to them, Cavendish and/or the Company may, at their absolute discretion, terminate their commitment in respect of the Placing, in which event the monies payable on acceptance of allotment will, if already paid, be returned without interest to the account of the drawee's bank from which they were originally debited; 37 it acknowledges that its commitment to acquire Placing Shares on the terms set out in this Announcement and in the form of confirmation will continue notwithstanding any amendment that may in future be made to the terms and conditions of the Placing and that Placees will have no right to be consulted or require that their consent be obtained with respect to the Company's or Cavendish's conduct of the Placing; 38 it has knowledge and experience in financial, business and international investment matters as is required to evaluate the merits and risks of subscribing for the Placing Shares. It further acknowledges that it is experienced in investing in securities of this nature and is aware that it may be required to bear, and is able to bear, the economic risk of, and is able to sustain, a complete loss in connection with the Placing. It has relied upon its own examination and due diligence of the Company and its affiliates taken as a whole, and the terms of the Placing, including the merits and risks involved; 39 it irrevocably appoints any duly authorised officer of Cavendish as its agent for the purpose of executing and delivering to the Company and/or its Registrars any documents on its behalf necessary to enable it to be registered as the holder of any of the Placing Shares for which it agrees to subscribe or purchase upon the terms of this Announcement; 40 the Company, Cavendish and others (including each of their respective affiliates, agents, directors, officers or employees) will rely upon the truth and accuracy of the foregoing representations, warranties, acknowledgements and agreements, which are given to Cavendish, on its behalf and on behalf of the Company and are irrevocable; 41 if it is acquiring the Placing Shares as a fiduciary or agent for one or more investor accounts, it has full power and authority to make, and does make, the foregoing representations, warranties, acknowledgements, agreements and undertakings on behalf of each such accounts; 42 time is of the essence as regards its obligations under this Appendix; 43 any document that is to be sent to it in connection with the Placing will be sent at its risk and may be sent to it at any address provided by it to Cavendish; 44 the Placing Shares will be issued subject to the Terms and Conditions; and 45 these Terms and Conditions and all documents into which this Appendix is incorporated by reference or otherwise validly forms a part and/or any agreements entered into pursuant to these Terms and Conditions and all agreements to acquire Ordinary Shares pursuant to the Placing will be governed by and construed in accordance with English law and it submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts in relation to any claim, dispute or matter arising out of any such contract, except that enforcement proceedings in respect of the obligation to make payment for the Placing Shares (together with any interest chargeable thereon) may be taken by the Company or Cavendish in any jurisdiction in which the relevant Placee is incorporated or in which any of its securities have a quotation on a recognised stock exchange. By participating in the Placing, each Placee (and any person acting on such Placee's behalf) agrees to indemnify and hold the Company, Cavendish and each of their respective affiliates, agents, directors, officers and employees harmless from any and all costs, claims, liabilities and expenses (including legal fees and expenses) arising out of or in connection with any breach of the representations, warranties, acknowledgements, agreements and undertakings given by the Placee (and any person acting on such Placee's behalf) in this Appendix or incurred by the Company, Cavendish or each of their respective affiliates, agents, directors, officers or employees arising from the performance of the Placee's obligations as set out in this Announcement, and further agrees that the provisions of this Appendix shall survive after the completion of the Placing. The agreement to allot and issue Placing Shares to Placees (or the persons for whom Placees are contracting as agent) free of stamp duty and stamp duty reserve tax in the United Kingdom relates only to their allotment and issue to Placees, or such persons as they nominate as their agents, direct by the Company. Such agreement assumes that the Placing Shares are not being acquired in connection with arrangements to issue depositary receipts or to transfer the Placing Shares into a clearance service. If there are any such arrangements, or the settlement related to any other dealings in the Placing Shares, stamp duty or stamp duty reserve tax may be payable. In that event, the Placee agrees that it shall be responsible for such stamp duty or stamp duty reserve tax and neither of the Company nor Cavendish shall be responsible for such stamp duty or stamp duty reserve tax. If this is the case, each Placee should seek its own advice and they should notify Cavendish accordingly. In addition, Placees should note that they will be liable for any capital duty, stamp duty and all other stamp, issue, securities, transfer, registration, documentary or other duties or taxes (including any interest, fines or penalties relating thereto) payable outside the 

[truncated]